<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20020521164123.txt.gz
TIME:20020521164123
EVENTS:	Other events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 5. Other Events.
         On May 20, 2002, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Registrant") announced that it has agreed to acquire Unisphere Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation. A copy of the press release issued by the Registrant on May 20, 2002 concerning the foregoing transaction is filed herewith as Exhibit 20.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Table of Contents
         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 20.1 JUNIPER NETWORKS TO ACQUIRE SIEMENS UNISPHERE NETWORKS SUBSIDIARY Siemens and Juniper Networks to form global IP partnership May 20, 2002 - Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR), a leading provider of trusted infrastructures for the New Public Network, has signed a definitive agreement to acquire Unisphere Networks, Inc., a Siemens company, in a combined $375 million cash and 36.5 million share stock transaction. Siemens (NYSE: SI) and Juniper Networks have also agreed to enter a global partnership in the field of IP Infrastructure and related systems. Based upon Juniper Networks closing stock price of $9.85 on May 17, 2002, the deal has an approximate value of $740 million. Upon final closing of the transaction, which is still subject to regulatory approval, service providers and carriers will be offered a scalable IP product and service portfolio on a global scale. The acquisition, slated to close in the third quarter of calendar year 2002, is subject to all required Board approvals, to Hart-Scott-Rodino approval and certain other customary closing conditions. It is expected to be slightly dilutive to Juniper Networks in 2002 and accretive in 2003. At the close of the transaction, Siemens will own slightly less than 10 percent of the shares outstanding in Juniper Networks. "Our acquisition of Unisphere Networks highlights Juniper Networks' focus of supplying IP expertise to the leading service providers, carriers and PTTs throughout the world. These customers will now be able to leverage the global reach of Siemens to utilize both Juniper Networks and Unisphere Networks proven IP experience. The result is a broadly available portfolio of core, edge, cable and mobile IP routing and broadband access platforms," said Scott Kriens, CEO, president and Chairman of the Board of Juniper Networks. "We are excited to be joining Juniper Networks and believe service provider customers worldwide will continue to benefit from our proven ability to deliver carrier grade IP infrastructure solutions," said James Dolce, president and CEO, Unisphere Networks. "Unisphere Networks proven ability to deliver best in class IP routing and broadband access solutions complements Juniper Networks IP routing market leadership. Together, we have a unique ability to redefine the economic and technology requirements of global service providers in their migration to IP networks." In addition, partnership agreements will provide for the worldwide presence and customer base of Siemens to leverage Juniper Networks leading IP product portfolio for the service provider industry to deliver Next Generation voice solutions with comprehensive IP routing technology. The relationship underscores Siemens aim to be a key player in the field of 1
Next Generation Networks (NGN) with its comprehensive SURPASS solution portfolio for the IP convergence of data, voice and video. The worldwide reseller agreement will give Juniper Networks access to Siemens sales channels in 190 countries. As a systems integrator with expertise in turnkey NGN projects, Siemens will be able to offer network operators end-to-end solutions comprising softswitches, gateways and IP routers. "Siemens IC Networks Group is concentrating on Internet-based convergence of voice and data technologies, broadband technology (emphasis on carrier and enterprise customers) and optical networking. As part of this strategy, Siemens is focusing on the components that are necessary to enable real-time communication", said Thomas Ganswindt, IC Networks Group President. "These activities at Unisphere were carved out before and have already been integrated into Siemens. Now we can rely on an even stronger partner for IP router technology." Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast on May 20 at 5:30 a.m. PST at www.juniper.net/company/investors/announcement. In addition, you can listen live by calling 800-633-8492 or 212-346-6459, or listen to the replay at 800-633-8284 or 858-812-6440, reservation number 20616998. ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS Juniper Networks leads the industry in turning network innovation into the reliable delivery of core, edge, mobile and cable Internet services at scale for the New Public Network. Headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, Juniper Networks offers additional information on its product and service offerings at www.juniper.net. ABOUT SIEMENS SIEMENS Information and Communication Networks (IC Networks) is a leading provider of network technology for enterprises, carriers and service providers. Its comprehensive portfolio comprises IP-based convergence solutions for voice and data (HiPath for enterprises, SURPASS for carriers), a full range of solutions for broadband access (Attane), and optical transport networks (TransXpress). The Siemens Group thus provides complete solutions from a single source for the infrastructure of the Next Generation Network -- optimized for a prompt return on investment and to open up new business opportunities for customers. In fiscal 2001 (year-end 30 September) IC Networks employed 51,000 people worldwide and posted sales of EUR 12.9 billion. Further information about ICN is available at: http://www.siemens.com/networks 2
ABOUT UNISPHERE NETWORKS Unisphere Networks, Inc. is a leading provider of carrier-class IP infrastructure products to enable data, voice and rich media services. With an Edge-Optimized Architecture, Unisphere Networks enables service providers to create and deploy revenue-generating services with IP Quality of Service, wire-speed performance, reliability and scale. Founded in 1999, Unisphere Networks is headquartered in Westford, Mass. For more information about Unisphere Networks, please visit the Web site at: www.Unispherenetworks.com. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's SEC filings, including its recent Form 10K. Contacts: Juniper Networks, Inc. Investor Relations Randi Paikoff Feigin Tel: 408-745-2371 randi@juniper.net Juniper Networks, Inc. Public Relations Kathy Durr Tel: 408-745-5058 kdurr@juniper.net Siemens Corporation Corporate Communications Press Thomas Weber Tel: +49 89 636 32812 peter.gottal@siemens.com Siemens Corporation Corporate Communications Press ICN Andreas Fischer Tel: +49 89 722 33988 andreas.fischer@icn.siemens.de Siemens Corporation (USA) Public Relations 3
Bud Grebey Tel: 212.258.4335 bud.grebey@siemens.com Unisphere Networks, Inc. Investor Relations Marc Jaffan Tel: 978-589-0136 mjaffan@unispherenetworks.com Unisphere Networks, Inc. Public Relations Susan Ursch Tel: 978-369-2033 sursch@unispherenetworks.com 4


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20020712171339.txt.gz
TIME:20020712171339
EVENTS:	Acquisition or disposition of assets	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Acquisition or disposition of assets
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 2. Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
     On July 1, 2002, Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), completed its acquisition of Unisphere Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Unisphere"), a privately held provider of data networking equipment optimized for applications at the edge of service provider networks (the "Acquisition"). In the Acquisition, Homer Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and into Unisphere such that Unisphere became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company after the Acquisition. In exchange for their shares of Unisphere common stock, the former shareholders of Unisphere received an aggregate of 36,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company and cash totaling $375 million. The cash portion of the consideration was paid from the Company's operating cash. Immediately prior to the Acquisition, Siemens Corporation owned approximately 98.4% of the outstanding capital stock of Unisphere.
     The shares of the Company's common stock were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") in reliance on Section 3(a)(10) thereof.
     The Company's press release dated July 2, 2002 announcing the completion of the Acquisition is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 2.1 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER BY AND AMONG JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. HOMER ACQUISITION CORPORATION UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. AND SIEMENS CORPORATION DATED AS OF MAY 17, 2002
TABLE OF CONTENTS -i-
TABLE OF CONTENTS (CONTINUED) -ii-
TABLE OF CONTENTS (CONTINUED) -iii-
TABLE OF CONTENTS (CONTINUED) -iv-
INDEX OF EXHIBITS -v-
THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of May 17, 2002 by and among Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Parent"), Homer Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("Sub"), Unisphere Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), and Siemens Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Siemens"). RECITALS A. The Boards of Directors of each of Parent, Sub, the Company, and Siemens have determined that it is in the best interests of their respective stockholders, and the Board of Directors of Sub and the Company have determined that it is advisable, to effect a statutory merger of Sub and the Company pursuant to this Agreement (the "Merger") and, in furtherance thereof, have approved the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. B. Concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, as a material inducement to Parent and Sub to enter into this Agreement: (i) Siemens and certain stockholders of the Company are entering into Voting Agreements, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the "Voting Agreements"), with Parent; (ii) Siemens is entering into the Stockholder Agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "Stockholder Agreement"), with Parent; and (iii) each of the Key Employees (as defined herein) is entering into a Non-Competition Agreement, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the "Non-Competition Agreement"), with Parent. C. The Company has entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Castle Networks, Inc., dated as of April 29, 2002 (the "Asset Purchase Agreement") and a Stock Purchase Agreement with Siemens Information and Communication Networks, Inc. ("Siemens ICN"), dated as of April 30, 2002 (the "Stock Purchase Agreement" and, together with the Asset Purchase Agreement, the "Voice Transfer Agreements"), pursuant to which on the date hereof the Company transferred its business of designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling packet voice network equipment for the telecommunications industry (the "Voice Business") to an affiliate of Siemens (such transfer and the transactions contemplated by the Voice Transfer Agreements, as such agreements exist on the date hereof (or as such agreements may be amended with the consent of Parent), being hereinafter referred to as the "Voice Transaction"). NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual representations and warranties, covenants and agreements herein contained, the Company, Siemens, Parent and Sub hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE I THE MERGER 1.1 The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2 hereof) and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law"), Sub shall be merged with and into the Company. As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Sub shall cease and the
Company shall continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving Corporation") and as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent. 1.2 Effective Time. Unless this Agreement is earlier terminated pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof, the closing of the Merger (the "Closing") will take place as promptly as practicable after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII hereof (other than those conditions which, by their terms, are to be satisfied or waived at Closing), at the offices of Shearman & Sterling, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, unless another time and/or place is mutually agreed upon in writing by the parties hereto. The date upon which the Closing actually occurs shall be referred to herein as the "Closing Date." On the Closing Date, the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a Certificate of Merger in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the "Certificate of Merger"), with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, in accordance with the applicable provisions of Delaware Law (the date and time of such filing, or such other mutually agreed time as may be specified in the Certificate of Merger, shall be referred to herein as the "Effective Time"). 1.3 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, except as otherwise agreed to pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of the Company and Sub shall become the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation. 1.4 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. (a) Subject to Section 6.28, unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, at the Effective Time the certificate of incorporation of Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with Delaware Law and as provided in such certificate of incorporation; provided, however, that at the Effective Time, Article I of the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: "The name of the corporation is Unisphere Networks, Inc." (b) Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, at the Effective Time, the bylaws of Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with Delaware Law and as provided in the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such bylaws. 1.5 Directors and Officers. (a) Directors. Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, the directors of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold the office of a director of the Surviving Corporation in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their respective -2-
successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. (b) Officers. Unless otherwise determined by Parent prior to the Effective Time, the officers of Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation, each to hold office in accordance with the provisions of the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. 1.6 Effect of Merger on the Capital Stock of the Constituent Corporations. (a) Effect on Company Common Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Sub, the Company or holders of any of the capital stock of the Company, each outstanding share of Company Common Stock, shall, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, be canceled and extinguished and be converted automatically into the right to receive (x) such number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Stock Exchange Ratio and (y) an amount of cash equal to the Cash Exchange Ratio. The aggregate number of shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued to each Stockholder and the aggregate amount of cash to be paid to each Stockholder under this Section 1.6(a) shall be calculated by aggregating all shares of Company Common Stock held by such Stockholder, so that (i) the aggregate number of shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued to such Stockholder shall be equal to the number of shares of Company Common Stock held by such Stockholder multiplied by the Stock Exchange Ratio (the "Stock Consideration"), with fractional shares treated in the manner set forth in Section 1.8(f) hereof; and (ii) the aggregate amount of cash to be paid to such Stockholder shall be equal to the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock held by such Stockholder, multiplied by the Cash Exchange Ratio (the "Cash Consideration," and together with the Stock Consideration, the "Merger Consideration"), rounded to the nearest whole cent, with $0.005 rounded up. (b) Payment of Cash Consideration. At the Closing, Parent shall deliver to Siemens, the aggregate amount of Cash Consideration payable to Siemens under Section 1.6(a) hereto, by wire transfer in immediately available funds to the bank account designated by Siemens at least two (2) business days prior to the Closing Date. (c) Assumption of Company Options; Treatment of Company Warrants. (i) As soon as practicable following the Closing but effective as of the Effective Time, each Company Option (as defined herein) shall be assumed by Parent as a Parent Option (as defined herein). Each Company Option so assumed by Parent pursuant to this Section 1.6(c) shall continue to have, and be subject to, the same terms and conditions (including vesting terms) set forth in the Company's Second Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), and the option agreements relating thereto, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that (i) such assumed Company Option will be exercisable for that number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of the number of shares of Company Common Stock that were issuable upon exercise of such Company Option (whether or not then exercisable or vested) immediately prior to the Effective Time multiplied by the Option Exchange Ratio, rounded -3-
down to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common Stock, and (ii) the per share exercise price for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such assumed Company Option shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the option exercise price of the Company Option immediately prior to the Closing Date by the Option Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent; provided, however, that in the case of any Company Option to which Section 421 of the Code applies by reason of its qualification under Section 422 of the Code, the option exercise price, the number of shares purchasable pursuant to such option and the terms and conditions of exercise of such option shall be determined in order to comply with Section 424 of the Code; provided, further, that in the case of any Company Option held by an Employee who is not employed by the Company or a Company Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Time, only vested Company Options (as determined at the Effective Time after giving effect to any acceleration resulting from the transaction) shall be assumed by Parent pursuant to this Section 1.6(c). (ii) At the Effective Time, each outstanding Company Warrant, if any, shall not be assumed by Parent and shall either be exercised or terminated. (iii) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all action necessary to effect the transactions anticipated by this Section 1.6(c) under all Company Option agreements and Company Warrant agreements, if any, and any other plan or arrangement of the Company. (d) Withholding Taxes. The requisite number of shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.6(a) hereof shall be subject to, and reduced by, the amount of any state, federal and foreign withholding taxes incurred (and not previously paid by or on behalf of such Stockholder or the Company) in connection with the acquisition of Company Capital Stock upon the exercise of Company Options, upon the lapsing of repurchase rights in respect of shares of Company Common Stock, or upon payment of a bonus in the form of Company Common Stock, if any, to such Stockholder. (e) Capital Stock of Sub. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Sub, the Company or holders of any of the capital stock of Sub, each share of Common Stock of Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and exchanged for one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock of the Surviving Corporation. Each stock certificate of Sub evidencing ownership of any such shares shall continue to evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. (f) Shares Subject to Vesting. If any shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition under any applicable stock restriction agreement or other agreement with the Company, then the Stock Consideration and Cash Consideration issued in exchange for such shares of Company Restricted Stock (as defined herein) shall also be unvested and subject to the same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition (including any requirement that any unvested shares be held in escrow). The certificate representing such shares of Parent Common Stock may accordingly be marked with appropriate legends in the discretion of -4-
Parent. Such repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition shall be applied pro rata to both the Stock Consideration (with the shares of Parent Common Stock valued at the Trading Price) and the Cash Consideration, and the Cash Consideration payable upon conversion of each share of Company Restricted Stock shall be subject to the same vesting schedule as the related Parent Common Stock issued upon conversion of the corresponding share of Company Restricted Stock and shall be paid at the same time as such Parent Common Stock vests. The Company shall take all actions that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the Effective Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any repurchase option or other right set forth in any applicable stock restriction agreement or other agreement and retain any Cash Consideration payable with respect to shares of Company Restricted Stock. 1.7 Dissenting Shares. (a) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time held by a holder who has demanded and perfected the right for appraisal of those shares in accordance with the provisions of Section 262 of the Delaware Law and as of the Effective Time has not withdrawn or lost such right to such appraisal ("Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted into or represent a right to receive the Merger Consideration set forth in Section 1.6 hereof, but the holder shall only be entitled to such rights as are provided by Delaware Law. (b) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1.7(a) hereof, if any holder of Dissenting Shares shall effectively withdraw or lose (through failure to perfect or otherwise) such holder's appraisal rights under Delaware Law, then, as of the later of the Effective Time and the occurrence of such event, such holder's shares shall automatically be converted into and represent only the right to receive the Merger Consideration set forth in Section 1.6 hereof, without interest thereon, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates representing such shares. (c) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any written demand for appraisal received by the Company pursuant to the applicable provisions of Delaware Law, and (ii) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. The Company shall not, except with the prior written consent of Parent, voluntarily make any payment with respect to any such demands or offer to settle or settle any such demands. 1.8 Surrender of Certificates. (a) Exchange Agent. Wells Fargo Bank N.A. or such other bank or trust company designated by Parent and reasonably satisfactory to the Company and Siemens shall serve as the exchange agent (the "Exchange Agent") for the Merger. As of the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with the Exchange Agent for exchange in accordance with this Article I the Total Cash Consideration (less the aggregate amount of Cash Consideration paid by Parent directly to Siemens at Closing under Section 1.6(b) hereto) and the Total Stock Consideration issuable pursuant to Section 1.6 hereof in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the "Exchange Fund"). Parent agrees to make available to the Exchange Agent, from time to time as needed, cash sufficient to pay any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.8(f) -5-
hereof and any dividends and other distributions pursuant to Section 1.8(c) hereof. The Exchange Agent shall, pursuant to irrevocable instructions, deliver the Merger Consideration contemplated to be paid for shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement out of the Exchange Fund. Except as contemplated by Sections 1.8(c) and 1.8(f) hereof, the Exchange Fund shall not be used for any other purpose. (b) Exchange Procedures. Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall instruct the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (the "Company Stock Certificates") (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Company Stock Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Company Stock Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in customary form) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Company Stock Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration payable in respect of the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Company Stock Certificates. Upon surrender of a Company Stock Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, the holder of such Company Stock Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, the Merger Consideration payable in respect of the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Company Stock Certificate and any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.8(f) hereof and any dividends or other distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.8(c) hereof, and the Company Stock Certificate so surrendered shall be canceled. Until so surrendered, each Company Stock Certificate outstanding after the Effective Time shall be deemed from and for all corporate purposes, to evidence the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration payable in respect of the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Company Stock Certificate and any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.8(f) hereof and any dividends on other distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 1.8(c) hereof. (c) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions declared or made after the Effective Time with respect to Parent Common Stock, with a record date after the Effective Time, shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Company Stock Certificate until the holder of such Company Stock Certificate shall surrender such Company Stock Certificate. Subject to the effect of escheat, tax or other applicable law, following surrender of any such Company Stock Certificate, there shall be paid to such holder of the certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) promptly, the amount of any cash due pursuant to Section 1.6 hereof and the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions, with a record date at or after the Effective Time but prior to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such surrender, payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock at the time of such surrender, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock. -6-
(d) Transfers of Ownership. If any certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock is to be issued in a name other than that in which the certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of the issuance and/or delivery thereof that the certificate so surrendered will be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the person requesting such exchange will have paid to Parent or any agent designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of a certificate for shares of Parent Common Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of the certificate surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of Parent or any agent designated by it that such tax has been paid or is not payable. (e) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.8, neither the Exchange Agent, the Surviving Corporation, nor any party hereto shall be liable to any holder of shares of Company Common Stock for any such shares of Parent Common Stock (or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) or cash from the Exchange Fund properly delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law. (f) No Fractional Shares. No certificates representing fractional shares of Parent Common Stock shall be issued upon the surrender for exchange of Company Stock Certificates. Each holder of shares of Company Common Stock who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after taking into account all Certificates delivered by such holder) shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to such fractional part of a share of Parent Common Stock multiplied by the Trading Price. 1.9 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. The Merger Consideration paid in respect of the surrender for exchange of Company Stock Certificates in accordance with the terms hereof (including any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.8(f) hereof and any dividends or distributions paid pursuant to Section 1.8(c) hereof) shall be deemed to be full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Company Common Stock. At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company shall be closed and thereafter, there shall be no further registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. On or after the Effective Time, any Company Stock Certificates presented to the Exchange Agent, Parent or the Surviving Corporation shall be converted into the Merger Consideration payable in respect of the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Company Stock Certificates and any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.8(f) hereof and any dividends or other distributions to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 1.8(c). 1.10 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. If any Company Stock Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof the Merger Consideration payable in respect of the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Company Stock Certificates and any cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.8(f) hereof and any dividends or other distributions to which the holders thereof are entitled pursuant to Section 1.8(c), provided, however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the Stockholder who is the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificates to either (i) deliver a bond in such amount as it may reasonably direct or (ii) provide an -7-
indemnification agreement in a form and substance acceptable to Parent, against any claim that may be made against Parent or the Exchange Agent with respect to the Company Stock Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. 1.11 Antidilution Provision. In the event Parent changes (or establishes a record date that occurs prior to the Effective Time for changing) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Time as a result of a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or similar transaction with respect to the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock, the Stock Exchange Ratio and the Option Exchange Ratio shall be proportionately adjusted, as applicable, to reflect such stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, subdivision, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or similar transaction. In addition, in the event Parent pays (or establishes a record date that occurs prior to the Effective Time for payment of) an extraordinary dividend on, or makes any other extraordinary distribution in respect of, Parent Common Stock, the Stock Exchange Ratio and the Option Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such dividend or distribution. 1.12 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company, Parent, Sub, and the officers and directors of the Company, Parent and Sub are fully authorized in the name of their respective corporations or otherwise to take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary action. ARTICLE II CERTAIN REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SIEMENS Siemens hereby represents and warrants to each of Parent and Sub as follows: 2.1 Organization of Siemens. Siemens is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Siemens has the corporate power to own or lease its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. Siemens' affiliates include, without limitation, Castle Networks, Inc., Siemens ICN and Argon Networks, Inc. 2.2 Authority. Siemens has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and any Related Agreements (as defined herein) to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. Subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board of Siemens AG (the "Siemens AG Approval"), the execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Related Agreements to which Siemens is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Siemens, and no further action is required on the part of Siemens to authorize the Agreement and any Related Agreements to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. This Agreement and each of the Related Agreements to which Siemens is a party has been duly executed and delivered by Siemens and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto and thereto, constitute the valid and binding obligations of Siemens, -8-
enforceable (in the case of this Agreement, the Stockholder Agreement and the Distribution Agreement (as defined herein) only) against Siemens in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be subject to the laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. 2.3 No Conflict. Assuming that all the consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section 2.4(a) and (b) have been obtained, the execution and delivery by Siemens of this Agreement and any Related Agreement to which Siemens is a party do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not, conflict with or result in any violation of or default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation, modification or acceleration of any obligation or loss of any benefit (any such event, a "Conflict") under (a) any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Siemens, (b) any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or commitment, permit, concession, franchise or license to which Siemens or any of its properties or assets is subject, or (c) any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Siemens or any of its properties or assets, except, with respect to clauses (b) and (c), for such Conflicts as would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger, would not be reasonably likely to result in a material diminution in the value of the Company or would not otherwise prevent or materially delay Siemens from performing its obligations under this Agreement. 2.4 Consents. No consent, waiver, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with any court, administrative agency or commission or other federal, state, county, local or other foreign governmental authority, instrumentality, agency or commission (each, a "Governmental Entity") or any third party is required by or with respect to Siemens in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Related Agreement to which Siemens is a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except (a) under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the "HSR Act"), foreign and supranational antitrust and competition laws and the filing of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law, and (b) where the failure to obtain such consent, waiver, approval, order, authorization, registration, declaration, or to make such filing would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger, would not be reasonably likely to result in a material diminution in the value of the Company or would not otherwise prevent or materially delay Siemens from performing its obligations under this Agreement. 2.5 Litigation. There is no material action, suit, claim, investigation, inquiry or proceeding of any nature pending, or to Siemens' Knowledge (as defined herein), threatened, by or before any Governmental Entity, against Siemens, its properties or any of its officers or directors, which would prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger, would be reasonably likely to result in a material diminution in the value of the Company or would otherwise prevent or materially delay Siemens from performing its obligations under this Agreement. 2.6 Brokers' and Finders' Fees. Except for UBS Warburg LLC, Siemens has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' -9-
commissions or any similar charges in connection with the Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY AND SIEMENS Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule delivered by the Company to Parent and Sub concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (the "Company Disclosure Schedule") (which Company Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections of this Article III, and any information disclosed in any such section shall be deemed to be disclosed only for purposes of such section, unless it is readily apparent that the disclosure contained in such section contains enough information regarding the subject matter of other representations and warranties contained in this Agreement so as to clearly qualify or otherwise clearly apply to such other representations and warranties), the Company and Siemens hereby represent and warrant to Parent and Sub as follows (it being understood that representations and warranties in this Article III shall not apply to the Voice Business): 3.1 Organization of the Company. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. The Company has the corporate power to own or lease its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. The Company is duly qualified or licensed to do business and in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which it conducts business, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has delivered a true and correct copy of its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each as amended to date and in full force and effect on the date hereof, to Parent. Section 3.1 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists the directors and officers of the Company. 3.2 Company Capital Structure. (a) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 122,209,559 shares of Company Common Stock, of which 90,665,017 shares are issued and outstanding. Assuming the same total capitalization as on the date hereof, the capitalization of the Company as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (assuming the conversion, exercise or exchange of all securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of Company Common Stock based, in the case of the Siemens Note (as defined herein), on the amount of indebtedness (including principal and interest) outstanding on the date hereof, and the exercise of all Company Options outstanding on the date hereof) will be as set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. The Company Common Stock is held by the persons with the domicile addresses and in the amounts set forth in Section 3.2(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights created by statute, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, or any agreement to which the Company is a party or by -10-
which it is bound. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and Company Options have been issued in compliance with all applicable federal, state, foreign, or local statutes, laws, rules, or regulations, including federal and state securities laws. There are no declared or accrued but unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of Company Common Stock. The Company has no other capital stock authorized, issued or outstanding. No vesting provisions applicable to any shares of Company Restricted Stock, to Company Options, or to any other rights to purchase Company Capital Stock will accelerate as a result of the Merger or as a result of any other events. (b) Except for the Plan, the Company has never adopted or maintained any stock option plan or other plan providing for equity compensation of any person. The Company has reserved 36,076,226 shares of Company Common Stock for issuance to employees and directors of, and consultants to, the Company or its affiliates upon the exercise of options granted under the Plan, of which (i) 27,837,815 shares are issuable, as of the date hereof, upon the exercise of outstanding, unexercised options granted under the Plan, and (ii) 1,447,850 shares have been issued, as of the date hereof, upon the exercise of options granted under the Plan (excluding the issuance of any shares of Company Restricted Stock). Section 3.2(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth for each outstanding Company Option, the name of the holder of such option, the domicile address of such holder, the number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such option, the exercise price of such option, the vesting schedule for such option, including the extent vested to date and whether the vesting of such option will be accelerated by the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and whether such option is intended to qualify as an incentive stock option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. Except for the Company Options, the Company Restricted Stock and the Siemens Note, there are no options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or agreements of any character, written or oral, to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound obligating the Company to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem, or cause to be issued, delivered, sold, repurchased or redeemed, any shares of the capital stock of the Company or obligating the Company to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price of, otherwise amend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation, or other similar rights with respect to the Company. Except as contemplated hereby, there are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting stock of the Company. As a result of the Merger, Parent will be the sole record and beneficial holder of all issued and outstanding Company Common Stock and all rights to acquire or receive any shares of Company Common Stock, whether or not such shares of Company Common Stock are outstanding. 3.3 Subsidiaries. Other than the subsidiaries of the Company described in Section 3.3 of the Company Disclosure Schedule (the "Company Subsidiaries"), the Company does not have, and has never had, any subsidiaries and does not otherwise own, and has never otherwise owned, any shares of capital stock or any interest in, or control, directly or indirectly, any other corporation, partnership, association, joint venture or other business entity. All of the outstanding capital stock of each Company Subsidiary is owned of record and beneficially by the Company. There are no options, warrants, calls, rights, commitments or agreements of any character, written or oral, to which any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any Company Subsidiary is bound, obligating any Company Subsidiary to issue, deliver, sell, repurchase or redeem, or cause to be issued, sold, -11-
repurchased or redeemed, any capital stock, or obligating any Company Subsidiary to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price of, otherwise amend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, commitment or agreement. There are no outstanding or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation, or other similar rights with respect to any Company Subsidiary. 3.4 Authority. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and any Related Agreements to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Related Agreements to which the Company is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and no further action is required on the part of the Company to authorize the Agreement and any Related Agreements to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, other than the approval and adoption of this Agreement by the Stockholders. The Board of Directors of the Company, based upon the recommendation of a special committee of independent directors of the Company, has approved by the unanimous vote of the directors present and declared advisable this Agreement and the Merger and has recommended that the Stockholders approve and adopt this Agreement and the Merger. This Agreement and each of the Related Agreements to which the Company is a party has been duly executed and delivered by the Company, and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto and thereto, constitute the valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be subject to the laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. For all purposes of this Agreement, the term "Related Agreements" shall mean the Voting Agreements, Stockholder Agreement, Non-Competition Agreements, that certain Distribution Agreement dated as of even date herewith (the "Distribution Agreement") and the Affiliate Agreements. 3.5 No Conflict. Assuming that all the consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section 3.6(a) and (b) have been obtained and all filings and notifications listed in the Company Disclosure Schedule have been made and any waiting periods thereunder have terminated or expired, the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and any Related Agreement to which the Company is a party do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not, result in a Conflict under (a) any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (b) any material mortgage, indenture, lease, contract, covenant or other material agreement, instrument or commitment, permit, concession, franchise or license to which the Company or any of its properties or assets is subject, or (c) any material judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or any of its properties or assets. 3.6 Consents. No consent, waiver, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with any Governmental Entity or any third party is required by or with respect to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Related Agreement to which the Company or any of the Company -12-
Subsidiaries is a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except (a) under any applicable state or federal securities laws (including, without limitation, the issuance of an Issuance Permit (as defined herein) by the Commissioner (as defined herein) in connection with the Hearing (as defined herein) or the declaration of effectiveness of a Registration Statement (as defined herein) by the SEC (as defined herein)), the HSR Act, foreign and supranational antitrust and competition laws and the filing of the Certificate of Merger as required by the Delaware Law and (b) where the failure to obtain such consent, waiver, approval, order, authorization, registration, declaration, or to make such filing would not, individually or in the aggregate, be material to the Company. 3.7 Company Financial Statements. The Company has delivered to Parent true and correct copies of the Company's (i) audited consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2001, and the related audited consolidated statement of income, cash flow and stockholders' equity for the fiscal year then ended (the "Year-End Financials"), (ii) unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2002, and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income, cash flow and stockholders' equity for the period then ended (the "Interim Period Financials" and together with the Year-End Financials, the "Historical Financials"), and (iii) unaudited consolidated pro forma balance sheet as of March 31, 2002 and the related consolidated unaudited pro forma statement of income, cash flow and stockholders' equity for the period then ended (such financial statements giving effect to the Voice Transaction (the "Pro Forma Financials" and, together with the Year-End Financials and the Interim Period Financials, the "Financials"). The Historical Financials have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) throughout the periods indicated (except that the Interim Period Financials do not contain certain presentation items (other than footnotes) that may be required by GAAP). The Historical Financials present fairly the Company's consolidated financial condition and operating results as of the dates and during the periods indicated therein, subject in the case of the Interim Period Financials to normal year-end adjustments, which could not be material in amount or significance in any individual case or in the aggregate. The Pro Forma Financials have been prepared in accordance with the basis of presentation set forth in the notes thereto and in good faith using accounting methods consistent with those used in preparation of the Historical Financials based on the books and records of the Company. The Company's unaudited balance sheet as of March 31, 2002 is referred to hereinafter as the "Current Balance Sheet." 3.8 No Changes. Since March 31, 2002, except as specifically permitted by any other provision of this Agreement, there has not been, occurred or arisen any: (a) amendments or changes to the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries; (b) capital expenditure or commitment by the Company or any Company Subsidiary exceeding $25,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate; (c) payment, discharge or satisfaction, in any amount in excess of $25,000 in any one case, or $250,000 in the aggregate, of any liability, indebtedness, obligation, expense, claim, deficiency, guaranty or endorsement of any type, whether accrued, absolute, contingent, matured or -13-
unmatured (a "Liability"), other than payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business of Liabilities reflected or reserved against in the Current Balance Sheet; (d) destruction of, damage to, or loss of any material assets (whether tangible or intangible), material business of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (whether or not covered by insurance); (e) change in accounting methods or practices (including any change in depreciation or amortization policies or rates) by the Company or any Company Subsidiary other than as required by GAAP; (f) (i) change in any material election in respect of Taxes (as defined below), (ii) adoption or change in any accounting method in respect of Taxes, (iii) agreement or settlement of any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, or (iv) extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes; provided, however, the preceding subclauses (iii) and (iv) shall apply only to a material amount of Taxes to the extent that Siemens Corporation has provided an indemnity to the Parent Indemnified Parties pursuant to Section 9.1(a) of this Agreement; (g) revaluation for accounting purposes by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any of their respective assets (whether tangible or intangible); (h) increase in the salary or other compensation payable or to become payable by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any of their respective officer or directors or any of its employees with an annual base salary in excess of $100,000, or the declaration, payment or commitment or obligation of any kind for the payment (whether in cash or equity) by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of a severance payment, termination payment, bonus or other additional salary or compensation to any such person; (i) sale, lease, license or other disposition of any of the assets (whether tangible or intangible) or properties of the Company or Company Subsidiary, including, but not limited to, the sale of any accounts receivable of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or any creation of any security interest in such assets or properties other than (i) the sale, lease, license or other disposition of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (ii) sales, leases, licenses or other dispositions not involving in excess of $25,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate of proceeds; (j) loan by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any person or entity, incurring by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any indebtedness, guaranteeing by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any indebtedness, issuance or sale of any debt securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or guaranteeing of any debt securities of others, except for advances to employees for travel and business expenses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; -14-
(k) waiver or release of any right or claim of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, including any write-off or other compromise of any account receivable of the Company or any Company Subsidiary exceeding $25,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate; (l) any Company Material Adverse Effect; or (m) agreement by the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or any officer or employees on behalf of the Company, to do any of the things described in the preceding clauses (a) through (l) of this Section 3.8 (other than negotiations with Parent and its representatives regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Related Agreements). 3.9 Tax Matters. (a) Definition of Taxes. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "Tax" or, collectively, "Taxes" shall mean any and all federal, state, local and foreign taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, duties, impositions and liabilities, including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, excise and property taxes as well as public imposts, fees and social security charges (including but not limited to health, unemployment and pension insurance), together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Income Tax" or, collectively, "Income Taxes" shall mean any and all federal, state or local taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income or franchise taxes imposed in lieu thereof. (b) Tax Returns and Audits. (i) As of the Closing Date, all required federal, state, local and foreign returns, estimates, information statements and reports ("Returns") relating to any and all Taxes concerning or attributable to the Company or any Company Subsidiary (including the consolidated federal income Tax Return of Siemens Corporation or its predecessor and any state, local or foreign Tax Return that includes, to the extent it relates to, the Company or any Company Subsidiary) will have been prepared and timely filed and such Returns will be true, correct and completed in accordance with applicable law, it being understood that no representation is being made as to the existence and amount of any Tax attribute, including, but not limited to, any net operating loss carryforwards, credit carryforwards or tax basis of any assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary except as it relates to any accuracy-related penalty under Section 6662 of the Code imposed against Parent and attributable to such tax basis. (ii) As of the Closing Date, Taxes required to be paid by, or on behalf of, the Company or any Company Subsidiary have been paid or withheld. (iii) There is no Tax deficiency outstanding, assessed or proposed against the Company or any Company Subsidiary, nor has any waiver of any statute of limitations on or extending the period for the assessment or collection of any material Tax to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary may be subject to been executed. -15-
(iv) No audit or other examination of any Return of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is presently in progress, nor has the Company, any Company Subsidiary, or Siemens (to the extent that it relates to the income or operations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary) been notified of any request for such an audit or other examination. (v) Copies of all foreign, federal and material state and local income and all state and local sales and use Returns (to the extent that such Returns relate to the Company or Company Subsidiaries) for the Company and each Company Subsidiary filed for all periods that Siemens has owned the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have been made available to Parent or its legal counsel. (vi) There are (and immediately following the Effective Time there will be) no liens, pledges, charges, claims, restrictions on transfer, mortgages, security interests or other encumbrances of any sort (collectively, "Liens") on the assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary relating to or attributable to Taxes other than Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable. (vii) Neither the Company nor Siemens has Knowledge of any basis for the assertion of any claim relating or attributable to Taxes which, if adversely determined, would result in any Lien on the assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. (viii) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has (a) been a member of an affiliated group (within the meaning of Section Section 1504(a) of the Code) filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common parent of which was the Company, Siemens or its predecessor) for any taxable period for which the statute of limitations for any Tax has not expired, (b) ever been a party to any Tax sharing, indemnification or allocation agreement (other than the existing tax sharing agreement with Siemens dated September 27, 2000) and (c) ever been a party to any joint venture, partnership or other arrangement that could be treated as a partnership for Tax purposes. (ix) No adjustment relating to any Return filed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary has been proposed formally or, to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, informally by any tax authority to the Company or any of its Company Subsidiary or any representative thereof. (x) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has any (a) income reportable for a period ending after the Closing Date but attributable to a transaction (e.g., an installment sale) or a change in accounting method occurring in a period ending on or prior to the Closing Date which resulted in a deferred reporting of income from such transaction or from such change in accounting method (other than a deferred intercompany transaction), or (b) deferred gain or loss arising out of any deferred intercompany transaction other than the Voice Transaction that would give rise to a Tax liability of the Company or such Company Subsidiary for any taxable period, or portion thereof, beginning on or after, in the case of Taxes that are not Income Taxes, or after, in the case of Income Taxes, the Closing Date. (c) Other Tax Matters. -16-
(i) None of the Company's or any Company Subsidiary's assets is treated as "tax-exempt use property" within the meaning of Section 168(h) of the Code. (ii) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has filed any consent agreement under Section 341(f) of the Code or agreed to have Section 341(f)(4) of the Code apply to any disposition of a subsection (f) asset (as defined in Section 341(f)(4) of the Code) owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary. (iii) Neither the Company nor any of its Company Subsidiary has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a distribution of stock intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code (x) in the two (2) years prior to the date of this Agreement or (y) in a distribution which could otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the Merger. 3.10 Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no agreement (non-competition or otherwise), commitment, judgment, injunction, court order or decree to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or otherwise binding upon the Company or any Company Subsidiary which has or may reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or impairing in any material respect (i) the conduct of business by the Company or any Company Subsidiary as currently conducted, or (ii) otherwise limiting the ability of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to engage in any line of business or to compete with any person. 3.11 Title to Properties; Absence of Liens and Encumbrances; Condition of Equipment; Customer Information. (a) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary owns any real property, nor has the Company or any Company Subsidiary ever owned any real property. Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all real property currently leased by the Company or any Company Subsidiary or otherwise used or occupied by the Company or any Company Subsidiary for the operation of the Company's business (the "Leased Real Property"), the name of the lessor, the date of the lease and each amendment thereto and, with respect to any current lease, the aggregate annual rental payable under any such lease. (b) The Company has made available to Parent true, correct and complete copies of all leases, lease guaranties, subleases, agreements for the leasing, use or occupancy of, or otherwise granting a right in or relating to the Leased Real Property, including all amendments, terminations and modifications thereof ("Lease Agreements") and there are no other Lease Agreements for real property affecting the real property or to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is bound, other than those identified in Section 3.11(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. All material Lease Agreements are in full force and effect, valid and enforceable on the Company or a Company Subsidiary party thereto, except as such enforceability may be subject to the laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies, and neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary (nor to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge any other party thereto) is -17-
in default, no rentals are past due, and no circumstance exists, which, with notice, the passage of time or both, would constitute a default under any such Lease Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any notice of a default, alleged failure to perform, or any offset or counterclaim with respect to any such material Lease Agreement, which has not been fully remedied or withdrawn. (c) The material Leased Real Property is in good operating condition and repair in all material respects, is maintained in a manner consistent in all material respects with standards generally followed with respect to similar properties. To the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, the Leased Real Property is free from material structural, physical and mechanical defects. (d) The Company and Company Subsidiaries have good and valid title to, or, in the case of leased properties and assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of their material tangible properties and assets, personal and mixed, used or held for use in its business, free and clear of any Liens, except (i) as reflected in the Current Balance Sheet, (ii) Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable, and (iii) such imperfections of title and encumbrances, if any, which do not materially detract from the value or interfere with the present use of the property subject thereto or affected thereby. (e) Section 3.11(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all material items of equipment (the "Equipment") owned or leased by the Company or any Company Subsidiary. 3.12 Intellectual Property. (a) Definitions. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: "Intellectual Property" shall mean any or all of the following and all rights therein, arising therefrom, or associated therewith: (i) United States and foreign patents and applications therefor and all reissues, divisions, reexaminations, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof; (ii) inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, and improvements; (iii) trade secrets, confidential information, know how, processes, technology, customer lists and technical data; (iv) copyrights, copyrights registrations and applications therefor and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world; (v) industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefor throughout the world; (vi) mask works, mask work registrations and applications therefor, and any equivalent or similar rights in semiconductor masks, layouts, architectures or topology; (vii) trade names, logos, common law trademarks and service marks, trademark and service mark registrations and applications therefor; and (viii) databases and data collections and Web addresses, sites, and domain names, computer software including all source code object code, firmware, development tools, files, records, and data. "Company Intellectual Property" shall mean any Intellectual Property that is owned by or licensed to the Company or any Company Subsidiary and used by the Company or any Company Subsidiary in the Business, including, without limitation the Intellectual Property subject to Section 6.23 hereof. -18-
(b) Section 3.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (i) lists all patents, patent applications (collectively, the "Patents") trademark registrations and applications therefor, copyright registrations, and domain names owned by, or filed in the name of, the Company or any Company Subsidiary (the "Company Registered Intellectual Property"), and (ii) all material proceedings or actions before any court, tribunal (including the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the "PTO"), or equivalent authority anywhere in the world) related to any Company Intellectual Property excluding prosecution proceedings or actions. (c) Each item of Company Intellectual Property owned by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, including all Company Registered Intellectual Property listed in Section 3.12(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, is free and clear of any Liens and all Company Intellectual Property licensed to the Company is free and clear of any Liens arising from acts or omissions of the Company. Parent acknowledges that Company Intellectual Property is subject to the terms of pre-existing patent cross-license agreements entered into between or among Siemens AG and its affiliates with third parties. (d) Other than "shrink-wrap" and similar widely available binary code and commercial end-user licenses, the Company Intellectual Property constitutes all the Intellectual Property used by the Company in, or necessary for, the conduct of the Business by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as it currently is conducted, including, without limitation, the design, development, manufacture, use, import and sale of products, technology and services. Parent acknowledges that the immediately preceding sentence does not constitute any representation or warranty regarding any infringement or misappropriation of the Intellectual Property of any person. Section 3.12(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all license agreements, to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party that are material to the Company Intellectual Property, excluding patent cross-licenses involving Siemens AG and its affiliates, Material Contracts, shrink-wrap and similarly available object code or commercial end-user licenses of computer software, licenses of Intellectual Property incident to product purchases and license agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in material breach of nor has the Company or any Company Subsidiary materially failed to perform their respective obligations under, any of the agreements listed on Section 3.12(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and, to the Knowledge of Company or Siemens, no other party to any such agreement is in material breach thereof or has materially failed to perform thereunder. (e) To the Knowledge of the Company or Siemens, the operation of the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as it currently is conducted does not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any person. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice from any person claiming that such operation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property of any such person, nor does Company nor Siemens have Knowledge of any basis therefor. (f) To the Knowledge of the Company or Siemens, each item of Company Registered Intellectual Property is valid and subsisting, and all necessary registration, maintenance and renewal fees in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual Property have been paid and all necessary documents and certificates in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual -19-
Property have been filed with the relevant patent, copyright, trademark or other authorities in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may be, for the purposes of maintaining such Company Registered Intellectual Property. (g) Neither the Company nor Siemens has any Knowledge of any facts or circumstances that would render any Company Intellectual Property invalid or unenforceable. (h) The Company does not have any currently pending claim against any third party for infringing or misappropriating any Company Intellectual Property and, to the Knowledge of Siemens or the Company, no person or entity is infringing or misappropriating any Company Intellectual Property. (i) Other than the transfers related to the Voice Transaction, neither the Company nor any Company subsidiary has transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license, exclusive right to use or joint ownership of, any Intellectual Property that is or was Company Intellectual Property to any other person within one year before the date hereof. (j) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps that are required or necessary to protect the Company's rights in confidential information and trade secrets of the Company or provided by any other person to the Company and to assign to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries all Intellectual Property developed by any employee or consultant of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries in the course of their employment or engagement. (k) No Governmental Entity has any claim or right in and to the Company Intellectual Property. (l) No Patent which names as an inventor a person who conceived the claimed invention in the Patent while employed or engaged as a consultant by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has been assigned to Siemens and its affiliates except as pursuant to the Voice Transaction. (m) Section 3.12(m) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth all of the Patents transferred from the Company and the Company Subsidiaries to Siemens and its affiliates pursuant to the Voice Transaction. 3.13 Material Contracts. (a) Section 3.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each of the following written contracts and agreements of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (such contracts and agreements being "Material Contracts"): (i) any fidelity or surety bond; (ii) any lease of personal property having a value in excess of $25,000 individually; -20-
(iii) any agreement, contract or commitment relating to capital expenditures and involving future payments in excess of $25,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate; (iv) any agreement, contract or commitment relating to the disposition or acquisition of assets or any interest in any business enterprise outside the ordinary course of the Company's business; (v) any mortgages, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit (other than extension of trade credit in the ordinary course of business); (vi) any purchase order or contract for the purchase of materials having a value in excess of $25,000; (vii) any construction contracts having a value in excess of $5,000; (viii) any dealer, distribution, joint marketing or development agreement; (ix) any sales representative, original equipment manufacturer, manufacturing, value added, remarketer, reseller, or independent software vendor, or other agreement for use, distribution, purchase or sale of the Company's products, technology or services; or (x) any other agreement, contract or commitment that involves $25,000 individually or $250,000 in the aggregate or more and is not cancelable without penalty within thirty (30) days. (b) (i) Each Material Contract is valid and binding on the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and, to the Knowledge of the Company or Siemens, the other parties thereto (except as enforceability may be subject to the laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies) and is in full force and effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is in breach of, or default under, any Material Contract and (iii) to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, no other party to any Material Contract is in breach thereof or in default thereunder and neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice of termination, cancellation, breach or default under any Material Contract. (c) The Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of all Material Contracts other than those of the type described in Sections 3.13(a)(ii) and (vi) hereof. (d) Set forth in Section 3.13(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is a complete and accurate list of all existing contracts and agreements (other than contracts and agreements relating solely to the Voice Business) between the Company or any Company Subsidiary, on the one -21-
hand, and Siemens or any affiliate of Siemens, on the other (other than the Company or any Company Subsidiary). 3.14 Interested Party Transactions. No officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (nor any spouse or offspring of such person, or any trust, partnership or corporation in which any of such persons has a controlling interest), directly or indirectly, has (i) any ownership interest in any entity that purchases from or sells or furnishes to the Company or any Company Subsidiary, any goods or services, or (ii) an economic interest in excess of $50,000 in any contract to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party; provided, however, that neither (i) ownership of no more than two percent (2%) of the outstanding voting stock of a publicly traded corporation nor (ii) passive investment of no more than five percent (5%) of the outstanding voting stock of a privately held corporation shall be deemed to be an "interest in any entity" for purposes of this Section 3.14. 3.15 Governmental Authorization. Each material consent, license, permit, grant or other authorization pursuant to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary currently operates or holds any interest in any of its properties, or which is required for the operation of the Company's business as currently conducted or currently contemplated to be conducted (collectively, "Company Authorizations") (a) has been issued or granted to the Company and or the Company Subsidiary and (b) the Company Authorizations are in full force and effect and constitute all Company Authorizations required to permit the Company and the Company Subsidiary to operate or conduct their businesses or hold any interest in their properties or assets. 3.16 Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, investigation, inquiry or proceeding of any nature pending, nor to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge is any material action, suit, claim, investigation, inquiry or proceeding threatened, against the Company or any Company Subsidiary by or before any Governmental Entity. 3.17 Minute Books. The minutes of the Company and each Company Subsidiary made available to counsel for Parent are the only minutes of the Company and each Company Subsidiary and contain accurate summaries of all actions of the Board of Directors (or committees thereof) of the Company and each Company Subsidiary and contain all stockholder actions since the time of incorporation of the Company (or, in the case of a Company Subsidiary not incorporated as a subsidiary of the Company, since the first time of Company ownership with respect to such Company Subsidiaries). 3.18 Environmental Matters. (a) Except as disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule and except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, the Company is in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws and has obtained and is in compliance with all Environmental Permits, and (ii) there are no written claims pursuant to any Environmental Law pending or, to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, threatened, against the Company. -22-
(b) Parent and Sub acknowledge that (i) the representations and warranties contained in this Section 3.18 are the only representations and warranties being made with respect to compliance with or liability under Environmental Laws or with respect to any environmental, health or safety matter, including natural resources, related in any way to the Company, the Leased Real Property, or this Agreement or its subject matter, and (ii) no other representation contained in this Agreement shall apply to any such matters and no other representation or warranty, express or implied, is being made with respect thereto. (c) For purposes of this Section 3.18, (i) "Environmental Law" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, consent decree or judgment, in each case in existence as of the Closing Date, relating to pollution or protection of the environment, and (ii) "Environmental Permit" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under or issued pursuant to any Environmental Law. (d) Except as would not be reasonably likely to result in a material liability to the Company or any Company Subsidiary, to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, no Hazardous Materials are present in, on or under any property, including the land and the improvements, ground water and surface water thereof, that the Company or any Company Subsidiary has at any time owned, operated, occupied or leased. 3.19 Brokers' and Finders' Fees; Third Party Expenses. Except for Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or any similar charges in connection with the Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. Section 3.19 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth the principal terms and conditions of any agreement, written or oral, with respect to such fees. 3.20 Employee Benefit Plans and Compensation. (a) Definitions. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: "Benefit Plan" shall mean any plan, program, policy, practice, contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred compensation, performance awards, stock or stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or remuneration of any kind, whether written, unwritten or otherwise, funded or unfunded, including, without limitation, each "employee benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, which is or has been maintained, contributed to, or required to be contributed to, by an ERISA Affiliate (other than the Company and the Company Subsidiaries) and under which any individual who is not an Employee is or was eligible to participate. "Company Employee Plan" shall mean any plan, program, policy, practice, contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred compensation, performance awards, stock or stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or remuneration of any kind, whether written, unwritten or otherwise, funded or unfunded, including without limitation, each "employee benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is or has been maintained, contributed to, or required to be contributed -23-
to, by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate for the benefit of any Employee, or with respect to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary has or may have any liability or obligation, other than the Siemens Pension Plan and the Siemens Savings Plan. "COBRA" shall mean the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended and as codified in Section 4980B of the Code and Section 601 et. seq. of ERISA. "DOL" shall mean the United States Department of Labor. "Employee" shall mean any current or former employee, consultant or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; provided, however, that for purposes of Sections 3.20 and 8.2(a) of this Agreement, no individual shall be considered to be an "Employee" during the time he or she was employed by an ERISA Affiliate other than the Company or the Company Subsidiaries. "Employee Agreement" shall mean each management, employment, severance, consulting or other agreement, or contract between the Company or any Company Subsidiary and any Employee. "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. "ERISA Affiliate" shall mean any other person or entity under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code, and the regulations issued thereunder. "International Employee Plan" shall mean each Company Employee Plan or Employment Agreement that has been adopted or maintained by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate, whether formally or informally or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate will or may have any liability with respect to Employees who perform services outside the United States. "IRS" shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service. "PBGC" shall mean the United States Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. "Pension Plan" shall mean each Company Employee Plan which is an "employee pension benefit plan," within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA. (b) Schedule. Section 3.20(b)(1) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains an accurate and complete list of each Company Employee Plan, each Employee Agreement under each Company Employee Plan, and each Employee Agreement. Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has made any plan or commitment to establish any new Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement, to modify any Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement (except to the extent required by law or to conform any such Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law, in each case as previously disclosed to Parent in writing, or as required by this Agreement), or to enter into any Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement. Section 3.20(b)(3) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a table with the name and salary of each employee of the Company. Section 3.20(b)(3) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth each Company Employee Plan that is not a Benefit Plan and separately lists each Company Employee Plan for which the Company is the sole sponsor and a participating employer. -24-
(c) Documents. The Company has provided to Parent (i) correct and complete copies of all documents embodying each Company Employee Plan and each Employee Agreement including, without limitation, all amendments thereto and all related trust documents, (ii) the most recent annual reports (Form Series 5500 and all schedules and financial statements attached thereto), if any, required under ERISA or the Code in connection with each Company Employee Plan, (iii) if the Company Employee Plan is funded, the most recent annual and periodic accounting of Company Employee Plan assets, (iv) the most recent summary plan description together with the summary(ies) of material modifications thereto, if any, required under ERISA with respect to each Company Employee Plan, (v) all material written agreements and contracts relating to each Company Employee Plan, including, without limitation, administrative service agreements and group insurance contracts, (vi) all communications material to any employee or employees relating to any Company Employee Plan and any proposed Company Employee Plans, in each case, relating to any amendments, terminations, establishments, increases or decreases in benefits, acceleration of payments or vesting schedules or other events which would result in any liability to the Company, (vii) all correspondence to or from any governmental agency relating to any Company Employee Plan, (viii) all discrimination tests for each Company Employee Plan for the most recent plan years, and (ix) the most recent IRS determination or opinion letter issued with respect to each Company Employee Plan, if applicable. (d) Employee Plan Compliance. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have performed all obligations required to be performed by them under, are not in material default or violation of, and neither the Company nor Siemens has any Knowledge of any default or violation by any other party to, any Company Employee Plan, and each Company Employee Plan has been established and maintained in accordance with its terms and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code. Siemens and its ERISA Affiliates have performed all obligations required to be performed by them under, are not in material default or violation of, and have no Knowledge of any default or violation by any other party thereto, the Siemens Pension Plan and the Siemens Savings Plan, and the Siemens Pension Plan and the Siemens Savings Plan have been established and maintained in accordance with their terms and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code. Any Company Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code (i) has either applied for, prior to the expiration of the requisite period under applicable Treasury Regulations or IRS pronouncements, or obtained a favorable determination, notification, advisory and/or opinion letter, as applicable, as to its qualified status from the IRS or still has a remaining period of time under applicable Treasury Regulations or IRS pronouncements in which to apply for such letter and to make any amendments necessary to obtain a favorable determination, and (ii) incorporates or has been amended to incorporate all provisions required to comply with the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and subsequent legislation. For each Company Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code there has been no event, condition or circumstance that has adversely affected or is likely to adversely affect such qualified status. No "prohibited transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA, and not otherwise exempt under Section 408 of ERISA, has occurred with respect to any Company Employee Plan. There are no -25-
actions, suits or claims pending or, to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, threatened (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Company Employee Plan or against the assets of any Company Employee Plan. Each Company Employee Plan can be amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued after the Effective Time in accordance with its terms, without liability to Parent, the Company or any Company Subsidiary (other than ordinary administration expenses). There are no audits, inquiries or proceedings pending or to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge threatened by the IRS, DOL, or any other Governmental Entity with respect to any Company Employee Plan. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is subject to any penalty or tax with respect to any Company Employee Plan under Section 502(i) of ERISA or Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code. The Company has timely made all contributions and other payments required by and due under the terms of each Company Employee Plan. (e) No Pension or Welfare Plans. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has ever, with respect to an Employee, maintained, established, sponsored, participated in, or contributed to, any (i) Pension Plans subject to Title IV of ERISA, (ii) "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section (3)(37) of ERISA or (iii) a "multiple employer plan" as defined in ERISA or the Code, or (iv) a "funded welfare plan" within the meaning of Section 419 of the Code. No Company Employee Plan provides health benefits that are not fully insured through an insurance contract. (f) No Post-Employment Obligations. No Company Employee Plan or Employment Arrangement provides, or reflects or represents any liability to provide post-termination or retiree welfare benefits, to any person for any reason, except as may be required by COBRA or other applicable statute, and the Company has never represented, promised or contracted (whether in oral or written form) to any Employee (either individually or to Employees as a group) or any other person that such Employee(s) or other person would be provided with post-termination or retiree welfare or other non-pension benefits, except to the extent required by statute. (g) Past Acquisitions. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is currently obligated to provide an Employee with any compensation or benefits pursuant to an agreement (for example, an acquisition agreement) with a former employer of such Employee. (h) Effect of Transaction. The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or subsequent events) constitute an event under any Company Employee Plan, Employee Agreement, trust or loan that will or may result in any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect to any Employee (each a "Benefit"). No Benefit could give rise to an amount that would be (i) non-deductible to the Company under Section 280G of the Code, or (ii) subject to excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. The Company is not, nor has it ever been, a party to or bound by any tax indemnity agreement or any other agreement that will require Parent or the Surviving Corporation to "gross-up" or otherwise compensate any Employee because of the imposition of any excise tax on a Benefit provided to such Employee. -26-
(i) Employment Matters. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries: (i) have withheld and reported all amounts required by law or by agreement to be withheld and reported with respect to wages, salaries and other payments to Employees, (ii) are not liable for any arrears of wages or any taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with respect to the matters described in (i), and (iii) are not liable for any payment to any trust or other fund governed by or maintained by or on behalf of any governmental authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for Employees (other than routine payments to be made in the normal course of business and consistent with past practice). There are no pending, or to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, threatened claims or actions against the Company under any worker's compensation policy or long-term disability policy. The services provided by each of the Employees is terminable at the will of the Company or Company Subsidiaries and any such termination would result in no liability to the Company or to any Company Subsidiary. (j) Labor. No work stoppage or labor strike against the Company is pending, or to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, threatened. To the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, there are no activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any Employees. There are no actions, suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending, or to the Company's or Siemens' Knowledge, threatened, relating to any labor, safety or discrimination matters involving any Employee, including, without limitation, charges of unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints. The Company has not engaged in any unfair labor practices within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. The Company presently is not, nor has it been in the past, a party to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement or union contract with respect to Employees and no collective bargaining agreement is being negotiated by the Company. (k) International Employee Plan. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary currently has or has it ever had the obligation to maintain, establish, sponsor, participate in, be bound by or contribute to any International Employee Plan. (l) Benefit Liabilities. Neither the Company nor Parent or any of its subsidiaries shall be responsible for liabilities or claims resulting from or relating to (i) any Benefit Plan or (ii) any current or former employee, consultant or director of any ERISA Affiliate who is not an Employee ("Benefit Liabilities"). 3.21 Insurance. True and complete copies of all material insurance policies maintained by the Companies and the Company Subsidiaries have been made available to Parent. The Company maintains insurance coverage for the operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries in amounts and covering such risks as the Company reasonably believes is necessary to conduct the Business. There is no claim by the Company or any Company Subsidiary pending under any of such policies or bonds as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed or that the Company or any Company Subsidiary has a reason to believe will be denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds. All premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds have been paid, (or if installment payments are due, will be paid if incurred prior to the Closing Date) and the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are otherwise in material compliance with the terms of such policies and bonds (or other policies and bonds providing substantially similar insurance coverage). -27-
3.22 Compliance with Laws. The Company and each Company Subsidiary has complied in all material respects with, is not in material violation of, and has not received any notices of material violation with respect to, any foreign, federal, state or local statute, law or regulation. 3.23 Warranties; Indemnities. The Company has made available to Parent the standard terms and conditions upon which the Company and the Company Subsidiaries seek to sell their products and services. To the Knowledge of the Company and Siemens, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary (i) has any material express warranty for products or services in excess of two (2) years or (ii) is liable for any uncapped indemnity for consequential damages. 3.24 Assets. Except for Intellectual Property (which shall be covered in Section 3.12 of this Agreement), all of the assets, properties and rights owned by the Company or that the Company otherwise has the right to use are, and will be immediately after the Effective Time, sufficient in all material respects to conduct the Business as now conducted. Except as set forth in Section 6.22 and 6.23 hereof, neither Siemens nor any subsidiary or affiliate of Siemens has any ownership, license or similar interest to any of the assets, properties or rights of any type and description, real, personal, tangible and intangible, used in the conduct of the Business. Siemens and its subsidiaries (other than the Company) do not provide any products or services used in the conduct of the Business. ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND SUB Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedule delivered by Parent and Sub to Siemens and the Company concurrently with the execution of this Agreement (the "Parent Disclosure Schedule") (which Parent Disclosure Schedule shall be arranged in sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered sections of this Article IV, and any information disclosed in any such section shall be deemed to be disclosed only for purposes of such section, unless it is readily apparent that the disclosure contained in such section contains enough information regarding the subject matter of other representations and warranties contained in this Agreement so as to clearly qualify or otherwise clearly apply to such other representations and warranties), each of Parent and Sub hereby represents and warrants to the Company and Siemens, as follows: 4.1 Organization of Parent and Sub. Each of Parent and Sub is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware. Each of Parent and Sub has the corporate power to own or lease its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted and is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in each jurisdiction in which it conducts business other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed would not have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this Agreement, "Parent Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any circumstance, change in or effect that is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the assets, financial condition, business or results of operations of Parent and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole), other than any circumstance, change in or effect on Parent and its subsidiaries arising out of (i) circumstances, changes or effects that generally affect the industries in which Parent and its -28-
subsidiaries operate or sell to or through (but which do not disproportionately affect Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole), (ii) changes in financial or securities markets, including any movement (in and of itself) in the trading price of Parent Common Stock, (iii) changes in general economic conditions (but which do not disproportionately affect Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole), or (iv) any effect resulting from the announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 4.2 Authority. Each of Parent and Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and any Related Agreements to which it is a party and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Related Agreements to which it is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Sub and no further action is required on the part of Parent or Sub to authorize the Agreement and any Related Agreements to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The Board of Directors of each of Parent and Sub, by resolutions adopted by unanimous vote, has approved, and the Board of Directors of Sub has declared advisable, this Agreement and the Merger. This Agreement and each of the Related Agreements to which Parent and Sub are parties have been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Sub and assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto and thereto, constitute the valid and binding obligations of Parent and Sub, enforceable (in the case of this Agreement, the Voting Agreements, the Stockholder Agreement, the Distribution Agreement and the Affiliate Agreements only) against each of Parent and Sub in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be subject to the laws of general application relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, and the relief of debtors and rules of law governing specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. 4.3 No Conflict. Assuming that all the consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations and other actions described in Section 4.4(a) and (b) have been obtained and all filings and notifications listed in Section 4.4 have been made and any waiting periods thereunder have terminated or expired, the execution and delivery by Parent and Sub of this Agreement and any Related Agreement to which Parent and Sub are parties do not, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby will not, result in a Conflict under (a) any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent or Sub, (b) any mortgage, indenture, lease, contract or other agreement, instrument or commitment, permit, concession, franchise or license to which Parent, Sub or any of its properties or assets is subject, or (c) any judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Parent, Sub or any of its properties or assets, except with respect to clause (c), for such Conflicts as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, and except, with respect to clauses (b) and (c), for such Conflicts as would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger or would not otherwise prevent or materially delay Parent from performing its obligations under this Agreement. 4.4 Consents. No consent, waiver, approval, order or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any Governmental Entity or third party, is required by or with respect to Parent or Sub in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Related -29-
Agreements to which Parent or Sub is a party or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, except (a) under any applicable state or federal securities laws, (including without limitation the issuance of an Issuance Permit by the Commissioner in connection with a the Hearing or the declaration of effectiveness of a Registration Statement by the SEC), the HSR Act, foreign and supranational antitrust and competition laws and the filing of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware law, (b) such consents, waivers, approvals, orders, authorizations, registrations, declarations and filings which, if not obtained or made, would not have a Parent Material Adverse Effect and (c) where the failure to obtain such consent, waiver, approval, order, authorization, registration, declaration, or to make such filing would not prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger or would not otherwise prevent or materially delay Parent from performing its obligations under this Agreement. 4.5 Parent Capital Structure. (a) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of Parent consists of (i) 1,000,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock, of which 331,552,085 shares were issued and outstanding as of May 15, 2002 and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of the Company, of which no shares are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof. As of May 15, 2002, other than Parent's 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes due March 15, 2007, there were other securities convertible into 32,835 shares of Parent Common Stock outstanding. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to preemptive rights created by statute, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent, or any agreement to which Parent is a party or by which it is bound. All outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock and Parent Options have been issued in compliance with all applicable federal, state, foreign, or local statues, laws, rules, or regulations, including federal and state securities laws. There are no declared or accrued but unpaid dividends with respect to any shares of Parent Common Stock. The Parent Common Stock that constitutes the Stock Consideration has been duly authorized, and upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, will be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. (b) Except for the Juniper Networks, Inc. Amended and Restated 1999 Stock Plan, the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, the Juniper Networks 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the Micro Magic Inc. 1995 Stock Option Plan, the Micro Magic Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan, the Pacific Broadband Communications, Inc. 2000 Stock Incentive Plan and the Layer 5 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Parent Plans"), Parent has never adopted or maintained any stock option plan or other plan providing for equity compensation of any person. Parent has reserved 103,635,226 shares of Parent Common Stock for issuance to employees and directors of, and consultants to, Parent upon the exercise of options granted under the Parent Plans of which 31,349,990 shares are issuable, as of May 15, 2002, upon the exercise of outstanding, unexercised options granted under the Parent Plans. 4.6 Broker's and Finders' Fees. Except for Goldman, Sachs & Co., neither Parent nor Sub has incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. -30-
4.7 SEC Documents; Parent Financial Statements. (a) A true and complete copy of each annual, quarterly and other report, registration statement, prospectus, form, report, definitive proxy statement, schedule and other document required to be filed by Parent under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be (collectively, the "Parent SEC Documents") is available on the Web site maintained by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") at http://www.sec.gov. Parent has filed in a timely manner each annual, quarterly and other report, registration statement, prospectus, form, report, definitive proxy statement, schedule and other document required to be filed by it under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be. As of their respective filing dates, the Parent SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to such Parent SEC Documents, and none of the Parent SEC Documents contained on their filing dates any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except to the extent corrected by a subsequently filed Parent SEC Document. (b) The financial statements of Parent included in the Parent SEC Documents (the "Parent Financial Statements") complied as to form in all material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, were prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, except in the case of pro forma statements, or, in the case of unaudited financial statements, except as permitted under Form 10-Q under the Exchange Act). The Parent Financial Statements presented fairly the Parent's consolidated financial condition and operating results as of the dates and during the periods indicated therein (subject to, in the case of unaudited statements, normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments). 4.8 No Changes. Since the end of the period covered by Parent's unaudited consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2002, except as specifically permitted by any other provision of this Agreement, there has not been any Parent Material Adverse Effect. 4.9 Sufficient Funds. As of the date hereof, Parent has sufficient funds and will have at the Effective Time sufficient immediately available funds and sufficient authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares of Parent Common Stock to pay the Merger Consideration upon consummation of the Merger. 4.10 Parent Stockholder Approval. None of the Merger, the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock comprising the Stock Consideration, nor the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, shall trigger any requirement for a vote by the stockholders of Parent. 4.11 Litigation. There is no material action, suit, claim, investigation, inquiry or proceeding of any nature pending, or to Parent's Knowledge, threatened, by or before any Governmental Entity, against Parent, its properties or any of its officers or directors, which would -31-
prevent or materially delay consummation of the Merger or would otherwise prevent or materially delay Parent from performing its obligations under this Agreement. 4.12 Employment Arrangements. As of the date hereof, Section 4.12 of the Parent Disclosure Schedule sets forth all agreements or arrangements entered into by Parent (or by the Surviving Corporation at Parent's request) and any of the Company's employees. ARTICLE V CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME 5.1 Conduct of Business by the Company Pending the Merger. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, except for specific actions required to be taken pursuant to this Agreement or except to the extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, the Company agrees to conduct its business in the usual, regular and ordinary course in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted, to pay the debts and Taxes of the Company when due, to pay or perform other obligations when due, and, to the extent consistent with such business, to preserve intact the Company's present business organizations, keep available the services of the Company's present officers and key employees and preserve the Company's relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others having business dealings with it, all with the goal of preserving unimpaired the Company's goodwill and ongoing businesses at the Effective Time. The Company and the Siemens shall promptly notify Parent of any event or occurrence or emergency not in the ordinary course of business of the Company and any material event involving the Company. In addition to the foregoing, except as set forth in Section 5.1 in the Company Disclosure Schedule or except for specific actions required to be taken pursuant to this Agreement or pursuant to the Voice Transaction, the Company shall not and shall not permit any Company Subsidiary to, during the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, do any of the following, without the prior written consent of Parent: (a) make any capital expenditures or enter into any capital expenditure commitment exceeding $200,000 individually or an aggregate amount equal to the amount of capital expenditures for any quarter set forth in the Company's budget for such quarter as provided to Parent; (b)(i) sell, license or transfer to any person or entity any rights to any Company Intellectual Property or enter into any agreement with respect to any Company Intellectual Property with any person or entity, (ii) buy or license any Intellectual Property or enter into any agreement with respect to the Intellectual Property of any person or entity or (iii) enter into any agreement with respect to the development of any Intellectual Property with a third party, other than, in each case, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (c) enter into any new agreement that would constitute a Material Contract of the type described in Section 3.13(a)(viii) or amend any Material Contract of the type described in Section 3.13(a)(viii); -32-
(d) amend or otherwise modify (or agree to do so) in any material respect the terms of, any of the Material Contracts; (e) commence or settle any litigation; (f) declare, set aside, or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or property) in respect of any Company Common Stock or capital stock of a Company Subsidiary, or split, combine or reclassify any Company Common Stock or capital stock of a Company Subsidiary or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of Company Common Stock or capital stock of a Company Subsidiary, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of Company Common Stock (other than shares of Company Restricted Stock pursuant to repurchase obligations set forth in the contract between the Company and such holder of Company Restricted Stock) or capital stock of a Company Subsidiary (or options, warrants or other rights exercisable therefor) except for (i) the issuance of Company Common Stock upon the conversion of the Siemens Note, (ii) payment of cash dividends to Stockholders or (iii) in accordance with the agreements evidencing Company Options; (g) issue, grant, deliver or sell or authorize or propose the issuance, grant, delivery or sale of, or purchase or propose the purchase of, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any securities convertible into, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire, or other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue or purchase any such shares or other convertible securities, except for (i) the issuance of Company Common Stock upon the conversion of the Siemens Note or (ii) the exercise of outstanding Company Options; (h) cause or permit any amendments to its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational documents of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (i) acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any assets or equity securities of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets which are material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's business; (j) except with respect to Intellectual Property (which shall be covered by subsection (b) above), sell, lease, license or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or assets, including without limitation the sale of any accounts receivable of the Company, except in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices; (k) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any indebtedness for borrowed money or issue or sell any debt securities or guarantee any debt securities of others, except pursuant to the Siemens Note; -33-
(l) grant any loans to others or purchase debt securities of others or amend the terms of any outstanding loan agreement except for expense advances made to employees in the ordinary course of business; (m) grant any severance or termination pay (in cash or otherwise) to any Employee, including any officer, except payments made pursuant to written agreements outstanding on the date hereof and disclosed in the Company Disclosure Schedule; (n) adopt or amend any Company Employee Plan, enter into any employment contract, pay or agree to pay any special bonus, special remuneration or benefit to any director or Employee, or increase the salaries, wage rates, or other compensation of its Employees (including, without limitation, any extension of the post-termination exercise period of any Company Option) except for (i) payments made pursuant to written agreements outstanding on the date hereof or (ii) increases in salaries related to employee quarterly reviews conducted in the ordinary course of business; (o) waive or release any right or claim of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or revalue for accounting purposes any of the Company's assets, including without limitation writing down the value of inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable except (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) as required by GAAP or the Company's accounting policies; (p) pay, discharge or satisfy, in an amount in excess of $100,000 in any one case any Liability, other than (A) the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary course of business of any Liability reflected or reserved against in the Interim Period Financials or (B) the payment, discharge or satisfaction of the Siemens Note; (q)(i) make or change any material election in respect of Taxes, (ii) adopt or change any accounting method in respect of Taxes, (iii) enter into any closing agreement, settle any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes, or (iv) consent to any extension or waiver of the limitation period applicable to any claim or assessment in respect of Taxes; provided, however, the preceding subclauses (iii) and (iv) shall apply only to a material amount of Taxes to the extent that Siemens Corporation has provided an indemnity to the Parent Indemnified Parties pursuant to Section 9.1(a) of this Agreement; (r) enter into any strategic alliance or joint marketing arrangement or agreement; (s) other than the acceleration specifically permitted by Section 8(e) of the Plan or any award agreement under the Plan, take any action to accelerate the vesting schedule of any of the outstanding Company Options or Company Common Stock; (t) hire any Employees; (u) change any accounting methods or policies (including any change in depreciation or amortization policies or rates) other than as required by GAAP; -34-
(v) take any action that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent, impair or materially delay the ability of Parent, the Company or Siemens to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (w) take, or agree in writing or otherwise to take, any of the actions described in Sections 5.1(a) through (v) hereof, or any other action that would prevent the Company from performing, or cause the Company not to perform, its covenants hereunder. 5.2 Conduct of Business by Parent Pending the Merger. Except as specifically permitted by any other provision of this Agreement, Parent shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to, during the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, do any of the following without the prior written consent of the Company and Siemens: (a) cause or permit any amendments to the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent in a manner that adversely affects the rights of holders of Parent Common Stock (including holders of the Parent Common Stock issuable in the Merger); (b) take any action that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent, impair or materially delay the ability of Parent, the Company or Siemens to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; or (c) authorize or enter into any agreement or otherwise make any commitment to do any of the foregoing. 5.3 Conduct of Business by Siemens Pending the Merger. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Effective Time, except as specifically permitted by any other provision of this Agreement, Siemens shall not, and shall not cause any of its subsidiaries (including the Company and the Company Subsidiaries) to, without the prior written consent of Parent, take any action that would or would reasonably be expected to prevent, impair or materially delay the ability of Parent, the Company or Siemens to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 5.4 No Solicitation. Until the earlier of (i) the Effective Time, or (ii) the date of termination of this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.1 hereof, other than pursuant to the terms set forth in the Voice Transfer Agreements, neither the Company nor Siemens shall (nor shall the Company nor Siemens permit, as applicable, any of their respective officers, directors, agents, representatives or affiliates to), directly or indirectly, take any of the following actions with any party other than Parent and its designees: (a) solicit, encourage, initiate or participate in any inquiry, negotiations or discussions, or enter into any agreement, with respect to any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), (b) disclose any information not customarily disclosed to any person concerning the Company's business, technologies or properties, or afford to any person or entity access to its properties, technologies, books or records, not customarily afforded such access, (c) assist or cooperate with any person to make any Acquisition Proposal, (d) enter into any agreement with any person providing for the acquisition of the Company, whether by merger, purchase of assets, license, -35-
tender offer or otherwise or (e) make or authorize any statement, recommendation or solicitation in support of any Acquisition Proposal. In the event that the Company, Siemens, or any of the Company's affiliates shall receive, prior to the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 10.1 hereof, any offer, proposal, or request, directly or indirectly, of the type referenced in clause (a), (c), or (d) above, or any request for disclosure or access as referenced in clause (b) above, the Company or Siemens, as applicable, shall promptly, and in any event within one (1) business day, notify Parent thereof, including information as to the identity of the offeror or the party making any such offer or proposal and the specific terms of such Acquisition Proposal, (including a written copy of such Acquisition Proposal) and such other information related thereto as Parent may reasonably request. The Company and Siemens, as applicable, shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated any contacts, negotiations or discussions with third parties relating to any Acquisition Proposal and shall cause to be returned to the Company any confidential information regarding the Company received by any such third parties in such contacts, negotiations or discussions. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that the provisions of this Section 5.4 were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. The parties hereto agree that the covenant contained in this Section 5.4 is for the benefit of the Company and Parent (in the case of covenants of Siemens) and Parent (in the case of covenants of the Company). It is accordingly agreed by the parties hereto that Parent shall be entitled to an immediate injunction or injunctions, without the necessity of proving the inadequacy of money damages as a remedy and without the necessity of posting any bond or other security, to prevent breaches of the provisions of this Section 5.4 and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which Parent may be entitled at law or in equity. For purposes of this Agreement, "Acquisition Proposal" shall mean (i) any proposal or offer from any person relating to any direct or indirect acquisition of (A) all or a substantial part of the assets of the Company or of any Company Subsidiary or (B) over 5% of the then outstanding shares of Company Common Stock; (ii) any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, reorganization or other similar transaction involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary, other than, in each case, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or pursuant to the terms set forth in the Voice Transfer Agreements. ARTICLE VI ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 6.1 Permit Application or Registration Statement; Stockholder Approval. (a) As promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, Parent shall file with the Commissioner the Permit Application (as defined herein) and a request for the Hearing (as defined herein). Each of Siemens and the Company shall provide promptly to Parent such information concerning its business and financial statements and affairs as, in the reasonable judgment of Parent or its counsel, may be required for inclusion in the Permit Application, or any amendments thereto, and to cause its counsel and auditors to cooperate with Parent's counsel and auditors in the preparation of the Permit Application. As soon as permitted by the Commissioner, -36-
the Company shall mail the Hearing Notice (as defined herein) to all Stockholders entitled to receive such notice under the applicable provisions of the California Corporations Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder ("California Law"). Each of Parent and the Company shall notify the other promptly of the receipt of any comments from the Commissioner or its staff and of any request by the Commissioner or its staff or any other government officials for amendments or supplements to any of the documents filed with the Permit Application or any other filing or for additional information and shall supply the other with copies of all correspondence between either party or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the Commissioner or its staff (or any other governmental officials) on the other hand, with respect to the filing. Each of Parent, Siemens and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to respond to any comments of the Commissioner or its staff and to have the Issuance Permit issued as promptly as practicable after the filing of the Permit Application. (b) As promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall prepare, with the cooperation of Parent, the Information Statement. Whenever any event occurs that is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Hearing Notice, Permit Application or Information Statement or any other filing, the Company shall promptly notify Parent of such occurrence and cooperate in filing with the Commissioner or its staff or any other government officials, and/or mailing to Stockholders, such amendment or supplement. The Information Statement constitutes a disclosure document for the offer and issuance of the shares of Parent Common Stock to be received by the Stockholders in the Merger. Each of Parent and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Information Statement to comply with the requirements of applicable federal and state securities Laws. Each of Parent and the Company agrees to provide promptly to the other such information concerning its business and financial statements and affairs as, in the reasonable judgment of the providing party or its counsel, may be required or appropriate for inclusion in the Information Statement, or in any amendments or supplements thereto, and to cause its counsel and auditors to cooperate with the other's counsel and auditors in the preparation of the Information Statement. The Company shall promptly notify Parent, and Parent shall promptly notify the Company, in writing if at any time prior to the Effective Time either Parent or the Company shall obtain knowledge of any facts that might make it necessary or appropriate to amend or supplement the Information Statement in order to make the statements contained or incorporated by reference therein not misleading or in order that the Information Statement comply with applicable law. 6.2 Registration Statement; Other Filings. In the event that the Commissioner or its staff denies the request for the Hearing, or the Hearing does not result in the issuance of an Issuance Permit by the Commissioner, Parent shall, as promptly as practicable after Parent receives notice from the Commissioner that an Issuance Permit will not be issued as a result of the Permit Application (and in any event within 30 days after such notice), prepare and file with the SEC the Registration Statement. Parent will use its reasonable best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after filing with the SEC. As promptly as practicable after Parent receives notice from the Commissioner that an Issuance Permit will not be issued as a result of the Hearing, the Company and Parent will prepare and file any other filings required to be filed by it under the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, or any other federal, -37-
foreign or blue sky or related Laws relating to the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (each an "Other Filing"). Parent shall notify the Company promptly upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff or any other government officials and of any request by the SEC or its staff or any other government officials for amendments or supplements to the Registration Statement or any Other Filing related to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or for additional information, and will supply the Company with copies of all correspondence between Parent or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff or any other government officials, on the other hand, with respect to the Registration Statement, the Merger or such Other Filing. Whenever any event occurs that is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Registration Statement or any Other Filing, Parent will promptly notify the Company of such occurrence and cooperate in filing with the SEC or its staff or any other government officials, and/or mailing to Stockholders of the Company, such amendment or supplement. 6.3 Stockholders Meeting; Information Supplied. (a) Promptly after the issuance of the Issuance Permit by the Commissioner (or, in the event that the filing of a Registration Statement is required under Section 6.2, promptly after the effectiveness of the Registration Statement), the Company shall take all action necessary in accordance with Delaware Law and its certificate of incorporation and bylaws to convene the Stockholders Meeting (or obtain a written consent in lieu thereof) for the purpose of voting on the adoption of this Agreement and approval of the Merger, including without limitation mailing the Information Statement to the Stockholders. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the consent of the Stockholders sufficient to adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger and to enable the Closing to occur as promptly as practicable following the date hereof. The Company shall give the Stockholders sufficient notice such that no Stockholder will be able to exercise appraisal rights if such Stockholder has not perfected such appraisal rights prior to Closing, pursuant to Section 262 of Delaware Law. (b) All information supplied by Parent and the Company for inclusion in the Permit Application, the Hearing Notice and the Information Statement shall not, at the time the Permit Application is filed with the Commissioner, at the time of the mailing of the Hearing Notice, at the time of the Hearing or at the time the Issuance Permit is issued, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. All information supplied by Parent and the Company for inclusion in the Registration Statement, if Parent files a Registration Statement pursuant to Section 6.2, shall not, at the time the Registration Statement is filed with the SEC or at the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein not misleading. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 6.3 to the contrary, (i) Parent makes no representations or warranties regarding information furnished by or related to the Company and (ii) the Company makes no representations or warranties regarding information furnished by or related to Parent. 6.4 Access to Information. -38-
(a) The Company shall afford Parent and its accountants, counsel and other representatives, reasonable access during the period from the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time to the Company's officers, employees, agents, properties, offices and books and records of the Company and each Company Subsidiary and shall furnish Parent with such financial, operating and other data and information as Parent, through its officers, employees or agents, may reasonably request. No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation pursuant to this Section 6.4(a) shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. (b) Parent shall afford the Company and Siemens and their respective accountants, counsel and other representatives, reasonable access, during the period from the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time, to the officers, employees, agents, properties, offices and books and records of Parent, and shall furnish the Company and Siemens with such financial, operating and other data and information as the Company or Siemens, through their respective officers, employees or agents, may reasonably request consistent with the scope of access provided by Parent to the Company and Siemens prior to the date hereof in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby. No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation pursuant to this Section 6.4(b) shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty contained herein or the conditions to the obligations of the parties to consummate the Merger in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof. 6.5 Confidentiality. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the information obtained in any investigation pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof, or pursuant to the negotiation and execution of this Agreement or the effectuation of the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be governed by the terms of the Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement effective as of March 12, 2002 (the "Confidential Disclosure Agreement") between Siemens and Parent. 6.6 Expenses. Whether or not the Merger is consummated, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger including, without limitation, all legal, accounting, financial advisory, consulting and all other fees and expenses of third parties ("Third Party Expenses") incurred by a party in connection with the negotiation and effectuation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, shall be the obligation of the respective party incurring such fees and expenses; provided, however, that, if the Merger is consummated, Parent agrees to pay all Third Party Expenses incurred by the Company (other than (i) any fees and expenses of Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation relating to the Broadsoft transaction and (ii) any Third Party Expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Voice Transaction, all of which shall be paid by the Company prior to the Closing) in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby (the "Company Expenses"). 6.7 Public Disclosure. Neither Parent, on the one hand, nor the Company and Siemens, on the other hand, nor any of their respective agents, shall issue any press release or make any other public disclosure relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the consent of the other party except as such press release or other public disclosure may be required by law (including federal and state securities laws) or, by the rules or regulations of the National -39-
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or any United States or foreign securities exchange, in which case the party required to make the release shall consult with the other parties hereto prior to making such public disclosure to the extent practicable. 6.8 FIRPTA Compliance. On the Closing Date, Siemens shall deliver to Parent a properly executed statement in a form reasonably acceptable to Parent for purposes of satisfying Parent's obligations under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1445-2(b). 6.9 Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto shall use reasonable best efforts to take promptly, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do promptly, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated hereby, to obtain all necessary waivers, consents and approvals and to effect all necessary registrations and filings, including to obtain early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act, and to avoid the entry or remove any injunctions, temporary restraining orders or other impediments or delays, legal or otherwise, in order to consummate and make effective the transactions contemplated by this Agreement for the purpose of securing to the parties hereto the benefits contemplated by this Agreement; provided, however, that Parent shall not be required to agree to any divestiture by Parent or the Company or any of Parent's subsidiaries or affiliates, of shares of capital stock or of any business, assets or property of Parent or its subsidiaries or affiliates, or of the Company, its affiliates, or the imposition of any limitation on the ability of any of them to conduct their businesses or to own or exercise control of such assets, properties and stock. In addition, each of the parties hereto agrees, and agrees to instruct its respective counsel, to cooperate with each other to facilitate and to obtain all necessary waivers, consents and approvals, including but not limited to the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act, at the earliest practicable date. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no party hereto nor any of their representatives will communicate with any governmental agency (except on insubstantial procedural issues) without giving the other parties a reasonable opportunity to participate in such communication to the extent permitted by the government agency. 6.10 Notification of Certain Matters. The Company or Siemens, on one hand, and Parent, on the other hand, shall give prompt notice to the other party of: (i) the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event, the occurrence or non-occurrence of which is likely to cause any representation or warranty of such party, contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate at or prior to the Effective Time such that the condition in Section 7.2(a) or Section 7.3(a), as the case may be, would not be satisfied, and (ii) any failure of such party to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder such that the condition in Section 7.2(a) or Section 7.3(a), as the case may be, would not be satisfied; provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 6.10 shall not (a) limit or otherwise affect any remedies available to the party receiving such notice or (b) constitute an acknowledgment or admission of a breach of this Agreement. No disclosure by the Company, Siemens or Parent pursuant to this Section 6.10, however, shall be deemed to amend or supplement the Company Disclosure Schedule or the Parent Disclosure Schedule, as applicable, prevent or cure any misrepresentations, breach of warranty or breach of covenant. -40-
6.11 S-8 Registration. Not later than thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, Parent agrees to file (to the extent available) with the Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-8 registering that number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the number of shares of Parent Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of all Company Options assumed by Parent with Parent Options pursuant to Section 1.6(a) hereof. 6.12 Affiliate Agreements. Set forth in Section 6.12 of the Company Disclosure Schedule is a list of names of those persons who, in the Company's reasonable judgment, are or may be "affiliates" of the Company within the meaning of Rule 145 (each such person a "Company Affiliate") promulgated under the Securities Act ("Rule 145"). The Company shall provide Parent such information and documents as Parent shall reasonably request for purposes of reviewing such list. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause (i) each Company Affiliate who is also a Key Employee to execute and deliver an Affiliate Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E (an "Affiliate Agreement") concurrently with the execution of this Agreement and (ii) each Company Affiliate who is not also a Key Employee to execute and deliver an Affiliate Agreement prior to the Closing. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause each person who becomes a Company Affiliate after the date hereof to execute and deliver an Affiliate Agreement promptly after becoming a Company Affiliate. 6.13 Nasdaq Listing. Parent agrees to use reasonable best efforts to authorize for listing on Nasdaq upon the Effective Time the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable, and those required to be reserved for issuance, in connection with the Merger, upon official notice of issuance. 6.14 Treatment of 401(k) Plans. (a) Castle Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan. The Company and Siemens or its ERISA Affiliates shall take all actions necessary or appropriate so that effective no later than immediately prior to the Effective Time: (i) Siemens or any of its ERISA Affiliates (other than the Company and the Company Subsidiaries) shall become the sole sponsor of the Castle Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan and (ii) the Company shall take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary to permit the transfer of the account balances relating to those employees of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries who are transferring employment to Parent or its affiliates at the Effective Time to the Unisphere Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan. On and after the Effective Time, Parent, the Company and their affiliates shall have no liability with respect to the Castle Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan. (b) Argon and Unisphere 401(k) Plans. Prior to the Effective Time, Siemens and the Company shall take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary to transfer the account balances under the Argon Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan and the Unisphere Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan relating to those employees of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries who are transferring employment within the Siemens controlled group prior to the Effective Time to another defined contribution plan sponsored by a member of the Siemens controlled group. The Company shall retain the sole sponsorship of the Argon Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan and the Unisphere Networks, Inc. 401(k) Plan after the Effective Time. On and after the Effective Time, Siemens and its affiliates shall have no liability with respect to such plans (except inasmuch as Losses (as defined herein) result from a breach of representations and warranties in Article III hereof). -41-
(c) Cooperation. Parent shall, and shall cause its affiliates to, cooperate in the performance of all actions deemed necessary or appropriate to effect this Section 6.14, including, without limitation, assistance with the preparation of any government filings, sharing of records and assistance in performing any required non-discrimination testing. 6.15 Resignation of Officers and Directors. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the resignations of such officers and directors of the Company Subsidiaries as Parent may request, effective as of the Effective Time. 6.16 Regulatory Filings. As soon as may be reasonably practicable, to the extent applicable, Siemens AG, a corporation organized under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany and the "ultimate parent entity" (as defined in the HSR Act) of Siemens ("Siemens AG"), and Parent each shall file, and Siemens AG shall use reasonable best efforts to cause any applicable Stockholder to file, with the United States Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice ("DOJ") Notification and Report Forms relating to the transactions contemplated herein as required by the HSR Act as well as comparable pre-merger notification forms required by the merger notification or control laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction that Parent and Siemens have reasonably determined to be required. The Company and Parent each shall, and Siemens shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the Company to, promptly (a) supply the others with any information which reasonably may be required in order to effectuate such filings and (b) supply any additional information which reasonably may be required by the FTC, the DOJ or the competition or merger control authorities of any other jurisdiction and which the parties may reasonably deem appropriate; provided, however, that Parent shall not be required to agree to any divestiture by Parent or the Company or any of Parent's affiliates of share capital stock or of any business, assets or property of Parent or its affiliates or of the Company or its affiliates, or the imposition of any limitation on the ability of any of them to conduct their businesses or to own or exercise control of such assets, property and stock. 6.17 Termination of Warrants. The Company shall use its best efforts to terminate all outstanding unexercised Company Warrants, if any, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. 6.18 Spreadsheet. The Company shall prepare a spreadsheet (the "Spreadsheet") in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Parent, which shall separately list, as of the Closing, (i) all Stockholders, the number of shares of Company Capital Stock held by such persons, the Cash Exchange Ratio and Stock Exchange Ratio applicable to each holder and the amount of cash and the number of shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued to each holder and (ii) all holders of Company Options and Company Warrants, if any, and the number of shares of Company Capital Stock underlying each such Company Option and Company Warrants, if any. 6.19 Voice Transfer Agreements. Neither Siemens nor the Company shall take any action to amend the Voice Transfer Agreements without the prior written consent of Parent. 6.20 Cessation of Participation in Benefit Plans. Prior to the Closing, the Company shall cause all employees who will not be employees of an ERISA Affiliate after the Closing to cease participation in all "employee benefit plans," within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, policies -42-
and arrangements that are sponsored by the Company or any Company Subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, any plans that will be sponsored by the Company or any Company Subsidiaries following the Closing. 6.21 Termination of Indebtedness. The Company and Siemens shall cause all indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company and all indebtedness for borrowed money owed by any Stockholder to the Company to be cancelled, repaid or converted into Company Capital Stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time. Immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall (i) first utilize any cash to reduce the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest outstanding on the Siemens Note and (ii) convert the remaining aggregate principal amount and accrued interest outstanding on the Siemens Note into Company Common Stock. The number of shares of Company Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Siemens Note shall equal the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest outstanding on the Siemens Note immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by the fair market value per share of the Company Common Stock as of such date (based on the Merger Consideration). 6.22 Intellectual Property Matters. (a) Siemens hereby agrees on behalf of itself and its applicable affiliates to comply with the applicable provisions of the pre-existing cross-license agreements identified in Section 6.22(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (the "Cross-Licenses") to provide Parent and its affiliates, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries with continuing benefits and rights from such Cross-Licenses after the Closing to the extent available under such Cross-Licenses. Siemens shall notify Parent of all obligations that a Cross-License may require Parent or the Company to undertake before Parent or Company receives the continuing benefits or rights under such Cross-License. Parent acknowledges that Siemens and its affiliates shall have no responsibility for Parent and its affiliates, Sub, and, following the Closing, the Company and Company Subsidiaries' failure to meet any of their applicable obligations under such Cross-Licenses. (b) Siemens hereby agrees that it will not, nor will its affiliates, assert any infringement or misappropriation claims against Parent, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries and their affiliates to the extent that Parent, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries and their affiliates use any Intellectual Property owned by Siemens and its affiliates (other than the trademarks, service marks and other source identifiers) that exists as of the Closing in connection with the manufacture, use and sale of the product and service lines in the Business that is conducted as of the Closing. Siemens hereby agrees that it will not, nor will its affiliates, assert any infringement or misappropriation claims against the customers of Parent, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries and their affiliates to the extent that such customers use any such Intellectual Property owned by Siemens and its affiliates (other than the trademarks, service marks and other source identifiers) that exists as of the Closing in connection with such customers' use of such product and service lines that are sold directly or indirectly by the Parent, Sub, Company and the Company Subsidiaries and their affiliates in the Business that is conducted as of the Closing. The non-assert by Siemens and its affiliates in this Section 6.22(b) is non-transferable, whether by assignment, change of control or otherwise, by Parent, Sub, Company, Company Subsidiaries and such customers. -43-
(c) Parent, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries hereby agree that they will not assert any infringement or misappropriation claims against Siemens and its affiliates to the extent that Siemens and its affiliates use any Company Intellectual Property (other than the trademarks, service marks and other source identifiers) that exists as of the Closing in connection with the product and service lines in the businesses of Siemens and its affiliates that are conducted as of the Closing, other than the product and service lines of the Business conducted as of the Closing. Parent, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries hereby agree that they will not assert any infringement or misappropriation claims against the customers of Siemens and its affiliates to the extent that such customers use any Company Intellectual Property (other than the trademarks, service marks and other source identifiers) that exists as of the Closing in connection with product or service lines sold directly or indirectly by Siemens and its affiliates in the businesses of Siemens and its affiliates that are conducted as of the Closing, other than the product and service lines of the Business conducted as of the Closing. The non-assert by Parent, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries in this Section 6.22(c) is non-transferable, whether by assignment, change of control or otherwise, by Siemens and its affiliates and such customers. (d) During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement or the Closing, in the event that Siemens and its affiliates enter into any new patent cross-licenses with a third party that may impact the Patents included in the Company Registered Intellectual Property, subject to any confidentiality or other restrictions, Siemens shall notify Parent of the identity of such third party and reasonably describe any impact on such Patents. 6.23 License. (a) To the extent any Intellectual Property owned by Company and Company Subsidiaries is transferred to Siemens or its affiliates, including without limitation Siemens ICN, Castle Networks, Inc. and Argon Networks, Inc., pursuant to the Voice Transaction, Siemens on behalf of itself and its applicable affiliates hereby grants to Parent and its subsidiaries, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries a sublicensable, transferable non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable license to such transferred Intellectual Property only to the extent used by Company and Company Subsidiaries in the Business that is conducted as of the Closing. To the extent any Intellectual Property licensed by Company and Company Subsidiaries is transferred to Siemens or its affiliates, including without limitation Siemens ICN, Argon Networks, Inc. and Castle Networks, Inc., pursuant to the Voice Transaction, Siemens on behalf of itself and its applicable affiliates hereby grants to Parent and its subsidiaries, Sub, Company and Company Subsidiaries, to the extent allowed under and subject to the terms of the applicable underlying license agreement governing such transferred Intellectual Property, a sublicensable, transferable, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable license to such Intellectual Property only to the extent used by Company and Company Subsidiaries in the Business that is conducted as of the Closing. (b) Parent, Sub, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries hereby grant to Siemens and its affiliates a sublicensable, transferable, non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable license to the Company Intellectual Property only to the extent such Company Intellectual Property is required to be used by the Voice Business that is conducted as of the Closing. -44-
6.24 Equitable Remedy. Each of Siemens and Parent agrees that it would be impossible or inadequate to measure and calculate the other party's damages from any breach of the covenants set forth in Section 6.22 and Section 6.23. Accordingly, each of Siemens and Parent agrees that if it breaches any provision of Section 6.22 or Section 6.23, the other party will have available, in addition to any right or remedy otherwise available, the right to obtain an injunction from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining such breach or threatened breach and to specific performance of any such provision of this Agreement. Each of Siemens and Parent further agrees that no bond or other security shall be required in obtaining such equitable relief, nor will proof of actual damages be required for such equitable relief. 6.25 Siemens Retained Marks. As between the parties, Parent and Sub hereby acknowledge that all right, title and interest in and to the name "Siemens," together with any mark, logo or name incorporating "Siemens" (the "Siemens Retained Marks") are owned exclusively by Siemens, and that, except as provided below, any and all right of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to use the Siemens Retained Marks shall terminate as of the Closing and shall immediately revert back to Siemens. Parent and Sub further acknowledge that it has no rights whatsoever to use the Siemens Retained Marks, except as expressly agreed to by Siemens in writing. 6.26 Company Retained Marks. As between the parties, Siemens hereby acknowledges that all right, title and interest in and to the name "Unisphere," together with any mark, logo or name incorporating "Unisphere" (the "Company Retained Marks") are owned exclusively by the Company, and that, except as provided below, any and all right of Siemens or Siemens affiliate to use the Company Retained Marks shall terminate as of the Closing and shall immediately revert back to the Company. Siemens further acknowledges that it has no rights whatsoever to use the Company Retained Marks, except as expressly agreed to by Parent in writing. 6.27 Release of Indemnity Obligations. (a) Set forth in Section 6.27(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule is (i) a list of any and all obligations of Siemens or its affiliates (A) to guaranty the payment or performance of the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any Liability, or (B) to indemnify the Company or any Company Subsidiary or otherwise hold any of them harmless pursuant to any agreement or other arrangement entered into prior to the Closing (collectively, the "Siemens Indemnity Obligations") and (ii) a list of any and all obligations of the Company or its affiliates (A) to guaranty the payment or performance of Siemens of any of its affiliates of any Liability, or (B) to indemnify Siemens or any of its affiliates or otherwise hold any of them harmless pursuant to any agreement or other arrangement entered into prior to the Closing (collectively, the "Company Indemnity Obligations"). (b) Parent, the Company and Siemens shall use their reasonable best efforts to obtain, on or prior to the Closing, (i) a release and discharge of Siemens and its affiliates (as applicable, other than the Company or any Company Subsidiary), in form and substance satisfactory to Siemens, from the Siemens Indemnity Obligations set forth in Section 6.27(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) a release and discharge of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, in form and substance satisfactory to Parent, from the Company Indemnity Obligations set forth in Section 6.27(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. At the Closing, Parent shall execute and deliver to -45-
Siemens, for the benefit of Siemens and its affiliates, a general release and discharge, in form and substance satisfactory to Siemens, releasing and discharging Siemens and its affiliates (other than the Company or any Company Subsidiary) from any Siemens Indemnity Obligation not otherwise released or discharged as contemplated by Section 6.27(b) hereof and Parent hereby agrees to indemnity and hold Siemens, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents harmless from any Loss (as defined herein) arising out of or resulting from any such Siemens Indemnity Obligation. At the Closing, Siemens shall execute and deliver to Parent, for the benefit of Parent, the Company and all Company Subsidiaries, a general release and discharge, in form and substance satisfactory to Parent, releasing and discharging the Company and all Company Subsidiaries from any Company Indemnity Obligation not otherwise released or discharged as contemplated by Section 6.27(b) hereof and Parent hereby agrees to indemnity and hold Parent, the Company, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents harmless from any Loss arising out of or resulting from any such Company Indemnity Obligation. 6.28 Director and Officer Indemnification. (a) The certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall contain provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification than are set forth in Article Seventh and Eighth of the certificate of incorporation of the Company, which provisions shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years from the Effective Time in any manner that would affect adversely the rights thereunder of individuals who, at or prior to the Effective Time, were directors or officers of the Company, unless such modification shall be required by law. (b) The Surviving Corporation shall use its reasonable best efforts to maintain in effect for six years from the Effective Time, if available, the current directors and officers' liability insurance policies maintained by the Company (provided that the Surviving Corporation may substitute therefor policies of at least the same coverage containing terms and conditions that are not materially less favorable) with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time relating to such directors of the Company who were, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, neither employees of the Company nor employees of Siemens or its affiliates; provided, however, that in no event shall the Surviving Corporation be required to expend pursuant to this Section 6.28(b) more than an amount per year equal to 200% of the current annual premiums paid by the Company for such insurance (which premiums the Company represents and warrants to be $73,042 in the aggregate). (c) In the event the Company or the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity or such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfer all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of the Company or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, or at Parent's option, Parent shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.28. 6.29 Company Options. Siemens, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries shall use their commercially reasonable best efforts to assist Parent with the implementation and completion -46-
of a repricing program, mutually agreed by Parent and Siemens, for certain of the Company Options. Parent and Siemens hereby agree that the repricing pursuant to such repricing program shall occur prior to the Closing (but no earlier than one (1) business day prior to the Closing) and shall have the effect of repricing the exercise prices of the Company Options held by all Company employees at the time of such repricing (excluding any employees of the Voice Business) to be equal to the fair market value of the Company Common Stock at the time of such repricing. In the event that Parent chooses to condition such repricing upon the waiver by such employees of certain acceleration of vesting provisions related to such Company Options (an "Exchange Repricing"), Siemens and the Company shall cooperate with Parent to prepare an exchange offer disclosure document to be circulated to such employees, which disclosure document shall be subject to Parent's final approval before any such circulation. Pursuant to Section 8.2(c) hereof, Parent hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Siemens harmless against all Losses (as defined herein) incurred or sustained by Siemens as a result of such Exchange Repricing ("Exchange Repricing Losses"). 6.30 Preparation of Financials. (a) When so requested by Parent (including after the Closing), Siemens shall, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its auditors to, assist Parent in preparing any financial statements related to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries during the period before the Closing required, or in Parent's reasonable judgment advisable, to be included in any annual, quarterly or other report, registration statement, prospectus, form, report, proxy statement, schedule or other document to be filed by Parent with the SEC, any foreign regulatory authority or stock exchange. Siemens shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its auditors to deliver any necessary consent in connection with such financial statements for the purposes of such filing. (b) When so requested by Siemens (including after the Closing), Parent shall, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its auditors to, assist Siemens in preparing any financial statements related to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries during the period before the Closing required, or in Siemens' reasonable judgment advisable, to be included in any annual, quarterly or other report, registration statement, prospectus, form, report, proxy statement, schedule or other document to be filed by Siemens with the SEC, each in the form required by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or the rules promulgated thereunder. Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its auditors to deliver any necessary consent in connection with such financial statements for the purposes of such filing. 6.31 New Employment Arrangements. Parent shall promptly notify Siemens of all agreements or arrangements entered into after the date hereof by Parent (or by the Surviving Corporation at Parent's request) and any of the Company's employees. 6.32 Approval of Siemens AG Supervisory Board. No later than seven (7) days after the date hereof, Siemens shall have obtained the Siemens AG Approval. 6.33 Siemens AG Assignment. In the event that Parent reasonably determines that either or both of the agreements which were assigned to Siemens AG and acknowledged in the consents set forth on Section 3.12(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedules (collectively, the "Siemens AG -47-
Agreements") are used in the Business as of the date hereof and Parent requests that such Siemens AG Agreements be assigned to Parent, the Company or an affiliate thereof, Siemens shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause Siemens AG to assign such Siemens AG Agreements (or otherwise provide the benefits under such Siemens AG Agreements to Parent, the Company, or any affiliate thereof) as set forth in Parent's notice, including, but not limited to, soliciting Next Level Communications to provide consent to such assignment. ARTICLE VII CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER 7.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of the parties hereto to effect the Merger and the other transactions contemplated herein shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived, in whole or in part, if Siemens and Parent so agree: (a) No Order. No Governmental Entity shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is then in effect and which has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise restricting, preventing or prohibiting consummation of the Merger. (b) HSR Act. The applicable waiting periods, together with any extensions thereof, under the HSR Act relating to the transactions contemplated hereby shall have expired or been terminated and all foreign antitrust approvals that Parent and Siemens jointly reasonably determine to be required to be obtained prior to the Merger in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby have been obtained. (c) Permit or Registration Statement. The Commissioner shall have issued an Issuance Permit in connection with the Hearing or the Registration Statement shall have been declared effective under the Securities Act and shall not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop order. (d) Approval of Siemens AG Supervisory Board. Siemens shall have obtained the Siemens AG Approval. (e) Nasdaq Listing. The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to the Stockholders in the Merger and such other shares of Parent Common Stock reserved for issuance in connection with the Merger shall have been approved for listing on Nasdaq, subject to official notice of issuance. (f) Stockholder Approval. Stockholders holding a sufficient number of shares of Company Common Stock as required under the Company's certificate of incorporation, bylaws and Delaware Law shall have approved this Agreement, the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby. -48-
7.2 Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Sub. The obligations of Parent and Sub to effect the Merger and the other transactions contemplated herein shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived, in whole or in part, exclusively by Parent and Sub: (a) Representations and Warranties of the Company and Siemens. (i) The representations and warranties of the Company and Siemens contained in this Agreement (other than the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 (Company Capital Structure) and Section 3.4 (Authority)) shall be true and correct on the day they were made and on and as of the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were made on and as of such time (other than the representations and warranties of the Company and Siemens as of a specified date, which shall continue to be so true and correct as of such date) except for any such failure to be true and correct as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Company Material Adverse Effect (except that for the purposes of this section references to materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect contained in such representations and warranties shall be disregarded) and (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2 (Company Capital Structure) and Section 3.4 (Authority), which shall be true and correct in all material respects on the day they were made and on and as of the Closing Date (other than the representations and warranties of the Company and Siemens as of a specified date, which shall continue to be so true and correct as of such date). (b) Representations and Warranties of Siemens. The representations and warranties of Siemens contained in Article II of this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on the day they were made and on and as of the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were made on and as of such time (other than the representations and warranties of Siemens as of a specified date, which shall continue to be so true and correct as of such date). (c) Covenants of the Company and Siemens. The Company and Siemens have performed in all material respects all of their respective obligations under this Agreement to be performed by them on or prior to the Closing and they are not in material breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement; provided, however, that the failure of the Company or Siemens to perform the obligations set forth in Sections 6.15 and 6.18 of this Agreement shall not be deemed a failure of the condition set forth in this Section 7.2(c) to be satisfied. (d) Governmental Litigation. There shall be no action, suit, claim, order, injunction or proceeding of any nature pending, or overtly threatened, by a Governmental Entity against Parent or the Company, their respective properties or any of their respective officers or directors arising out of, or in any way connected with, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the terms of this Agreement. (e) Third Party Consents. Company shall have delivered to Parent all consents, waivers and approvals of parties to any Contract as are required thereunder in connection with the Merger or for any such Contract to remain in full force and effect without limitation, modification or alteration after the Effective Time except for any such consents, waivers or approvals which, if not obtained, would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. -49-
(f) Legal Opinions. Parent shall have received a legal opinion from in-house legal counsel to the Company and to Siemens, each in customary form reasonably acceptable to Parent. (g) Non-Competition Agreement. Each Non-Competition Agreement with each Key Employee shall be in full force and effect. (h) Certificates of the Company and Siemens. Parent shall have received a certificate, validly executed by either the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Company for and on its behalf, to the effect that, as of the Closing, the conditions set forth in Sections 7.2(a), (c), (d), (e) and (k) hereof have been satisfied. Parent shall have received a certificate, validly executed by an officer of Siemens for and on its behalf that, as of the Closing, the condition set forth in Section 7.2(b) hereof has been satisfied. (i) Stockholder Agreement. Siemens shall have executed and delivered the Stockholder Agreement and such agreement shall be in full force and effect. (j) Distribution Agreement. The Company and Siemens AG shall have executed and delivered the Distribution Agreement, and such agreement shall be in full force and effect. (k) Termination of Indebtedness. The Company, Siemens and the Stockholders shall have taken all necessary actions to cause all outstanding indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company to Siemens or any Stockholder to be cancelled, repaid or converted into Company Common Stock according to its terms. 7.3 Conditions to Obligations of the Company and Siemens. The obligations of the Company and Siemens to effect the Merger and the transactions contemplated herein shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived, in whole or in part, exclusively by Siemens: (a) Representations and Warranties of Parent and Sub. (i) The representations and warranties of Parent and Sub contained in this Agreement (other than the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.2 (Authority) and Section 4.5 (Parent Capital Structure)) shall be true and correct on the day they were made and on and as of the Closing Date as though such representations and warranties were made on and as of such time (other than the representations and warranties of Parent and Sub as of a specified date, which shall continue to be so true and correct as of such date) except for any such failure to be true and correct as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (except that for the purposes of this section references to materiality or Parent Material Adverse Effect contained in such representations and warranties shall be disregarded) and (ii) the representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.2 (Authority) and Section 4.5 (Parent Capital Structure), which shall be true and correct in all material respects on the day they were made and on and as of the Closing Date (other than the representations and warranties of Parent and Sub as of a specified date, which shall continue to be so true and correct as of such date). -50-
(b) Covenants of Parent and Sub. Parent and Sub have performed in all material respects all of their respective obligations under this Agreement to be performed by them on or prior to Closing and Parent and Sub are not in material breach of any covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement. (c) Stockholder Agreement. Parent shall have executed and delivered the Stockholder Agreement and such agreement shall be in full force and effect. (d) Distribution Agreement. Parent shall have executed and delivered the Distribution Agreement, and such agreement shall be in full force and effect. (e) Certificate of Parent and Sub. The Company and Siemens shall have each received a certificate executed on behalf of Parent and Sub, in each case by Parent's Chief Financial Officer to the effect that, as of the Closing, the condition set forth in Section 7.3(a) hereof was satisfied. (f) Legal Opinion. The Company and Siemens shall have received a legal opinion from in-house legal counsel to Parent in customary form reasonably acceptable to Siemens. ARTICLE VIII SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INDEMNITY 8.1 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The representations and warranties of the Company and Siemens contained in this Agreement, or in any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, shall survive for a period of nine (9) months following the Closing Date (the expiration of such period, the "Survival Date"). The representations and warranties of Parent and Sub contained in this Agreement, or in any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, shall survive until the Survival Date. 8.2 Indemnification. (a) Siemens agrees to indemnify and hold Parent and its officers, directors, and affiliates, including the Surviving Corporation, (the "Parent Indemnified Parties"), harmless against all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, deficiencies, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses of investigation and defense (hereinafter individually a "Loss" and collectively "Losses") incurred or sustained by the Parent Indemnified Parties, or any of them, directly or indirectly, as a result of (i) any breach or inaccuracy of a representation or warranty of the Company and/or Siemens contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) any failure by the Company and/or Siemens to perform or comply with any covenant applicable to any of them contained in this Agreement; or (iii) any Benefit Liabilities. Subject to Section 8.2(f) hereof, Siemens shall not have any right of contribution from the Company hereunder with respect to any Loss claimed by a Parent Indemnified Party. -51-
(b) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Voice Transaction Agreements, Siemens hereby agrees from and after the Closing, to indemnify and hold the Parent Indemnified Parties harmless for any and all Losses incurred or sustained by the Parent Indemnified Parties, or any of them, directly or indirectly as a result of the Voice Business, the Voice Transfer Agreements, the Voice Transaction, or the employment or service of any individual whose employment or service related primarily to the Voice Business, including without limitation compensation or benefits owed to any such individual (collectively, the "Voice Losses"). (c) Parent agrees to indemnify and hold Siemens and its officers, directors, and affiliates (other than the Surviving Corporation, the Company, the Company Subsidiaries and Parent) (the "Siemens Indemnified Parties"), harmless against all Losses incurred or sustained by them, or any of them, directly or indirectly, as a result of (i) any breach or inaccuracy of a representation or warranty of the Parent and/or Sub contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or other instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) failure by Parent or the Surviving Corporation to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement required to be performed after the Closing, (iii) any Exchange Repricing Losses, (iv) any of the Company's Third Party Expenses, (v) any Company Benefit Plan or (vi) Parent's employment of the Employees on or after the Closing Date (except with respect to clauses (v) and (vi), inasmuch as such Losses arise as a result of claims for benefits under any Benefit Plan, result from a breach of representations and warranties in Article III hereof or result from the plan referred to in Section 6.14(a)hereof). (d) Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, no party liable for indemnification (an "Indemnifying Party") pursuant to Section 8.2(a)(i) or Section 8.2(c)(i) shall be required to indemnify and hold the party seeking such indemnification (the "Indemnified Party") harmless for any and all Losses unless and until the aggregate amount of Losses recoverable under such section or sections exceeds $3,500,000 (the "Deductible"), in which case the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to recover all Losses in excess of the Deductible. (e) For the purposes of determining the amount of a Loss recoverable pursuant to Section 8.2(a)(i) hereof (but not for the purpose of determining the existence of a breach or inaccuracy pursuant to such Section 8.2(a)(i)), all references to materiality and Company Material Adverse Effect in such representation or warranty shall be disregarded. For the purposes of determining the amount of a Loss recoverable pursuant to Section 8.2(c) hereof (but not for the purpose of determining the existence of a breach or inaccuracy pursuant to such Section 8.2(c)), all references to materiality and Parent Material Adverse Effect in such representation or warranty shall be disregarded. (f) In the case of a specific Loss giving rise to indemnification hereunder (other than any Loss which is itself a Tax or a Loss in respect of a Tax which is otherwise subject to Article IX), if an Indemnified Party (i) shall receive any amount of money (A) received by an insured from an insurance carrier, (B) paid by an insurance carrier on behalf of an insured, in either case net of any applicable deductible, retention or cost of reserve paid or held by or for the benefit of such insured (the "Insurance Proceeds") in relation to such Loss or (C) received any indemnity, contribution or other similar payment from any third party with respect to such Loss, or (ii) shall actually realize any Tax savings that would not have been so realized but for such Loss ("Tax Savings Actually -52-
Realized"), then (x) at any time subsequent to the actual receipt from the party liable for such indemnification (an "Indemnifying Party") of a payment in full of indemnification of such Loss hereunder, such Indemnified Party shall reimburse the Indemnifying Party for any such indemnification payment made up to the amount of such Insurance Proceeds or other amounts actually received or Tax Savings Actually Realized or (y) at any time prior to the receipt of any indemnification payment in respect of such Loss hereunder, the indemnification to be paid shall be paid net of the amount of any such Insurance Proceeds or other amounts actually received or Tax Savings Actually Realized. The Indemnified Parties shall use reasonable efforts to seek and recover any Insurance Proceeds, Tax Savings Actually Realized and any indemnity, contribution or similar payments available to each of them with respect to any Loss for which such Indemnified Party seeks indemnification pursuant to this Article VIII. Notwithstanding anything in this section, nothing herein shall permit an Indemnifying Party to delay or refrain from making any payment to any Indemnified Party because of the availability or alleged availability of any insurance policy or Insurance Proceeds or Tax savings. (g) To the extent that any Parent Indemnified Party would be entitled to indemnity for any individual Loss under more than one of Sections 8.2(a) or (b) hereof, such Parent Indemnified Party shall be entitled in its sole discretion to choose one of such sections under which to recover for indemnity, which choice shall be binding on all Parent Indemnified Parties and no Parent Indemnified Party may recover for indemnification for such Loss under any other such Section; provided, however, that no Parent Indemnified Party shall be permitted to make claims indemnity under more than one of Sections 8.2(a) or (b) hereof unless such claims are made to the Indemnifying Party at the same time; provided, however, that no claim for any Loss under Section 8.2 (a)(ii) or (iii) or 8.2(b) shall be considered for the purposes of determining whether the Deductible has been exceeded. 8.3 Claims for Indemnification. (a) Any Indemnified Party seeking indemnification pursuant to Article VIII shall give prompt notice in writing to the Indemnifying Party of any matter which any such Indemnified Party has determined has given rise to a right of indemnification under this Agreement, stating the amount of the Loss, if known, and method of computation thereof (the "Claim Notice"); provided, however, that the failure to provide such notice shall not release the Indemnifying Party from any of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent such Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. Except as set forth below, upon notice duly given by a Parent Indemnified Party to an Indemnifying Party of a Claim Notice, such Indemnifying Party shall pay the Parent Indemnified Party as promptly as practicable: (i) an amount in cash equal to the Cash Portion (as defined herein) of such Losses and (ii) a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Stock Portion (as defined herein) of such Losses (with such shares valued at the Indemnification Price (as defined herein)). Except as set forth below, upon notice duly given by a Siemens Indemnified Party to an Indemnifying Party of a Claim Notice, such Indemnifying Party shall pay the Siemens Indemnified Party as promptly as practicable an amount in cash equal to such Losses. If the Indemnifying Party does not dispute its obligation to indemnify the Indemnified Party against any Losses set forth in the Claim Notice, within 30 days after receipt of such notice, such Indemnifying Party shall be deemed -53-
to have irrevocably acknowledged that the Indemnified Party is entitled to the full amount of the Losses set forth in such notice. For purposes of this Agreement, "Cash Portion" shall mean the percentage (rounded up to the nearest whole number) that the Cash Consideration represents of the Total Consideration (with the Stock Consideration valued at the Trading Price) as of the Closing Date, and "Stock Portion" shall mean the percentage (rounded down to the nearest whole number) that the Stock Consideration (as valued at the Trading Price) represents of the Total Consideration as of the Closing Date. For purposes of this Agreement, "Indemnification Price" shall mean the average closing sale price of one share of Parent Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq for the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending three (3) trading days immediately preceding the date it is determined that such claim for indemnification is owed by the Indemnifying Party. (b) Resolution of Conflicts; Arbitration. (i) If, within 30 days after notice duly given to the Indemnifying Party of such a Claim Notice, such Indemnifying Party disputes its obligations to indemnify the Indemnified Party against any Losses set forth in such notice and such Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party in writing of such dispute, the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party hereby agree to negotiate in good faith in an attempt to resolve such dispute. (ii) If such dispute is not resolved within 30 days after notice duly given to the Indemnified Party of such dispute, the Indemnified Party may demand arbitration of such dispute unless the amount of the Loss relates to a Third Party Claim, in which event arbitration shall not be commenced until such amount is ascertained or both parties agree to arbitration, and in either such event the matter shall be settled by arbitration conducted by one arbitrator mutually agreeable to Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party. In the event that, within 30 days after submission of any dispute to arbitration, Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party cannot mutually agree on one arbitrator, then, within 15 days after the end of such 30 day period, the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party shall each select one arbitrator. The two arbitrators so selected shall select a third arbitrator. If the Indemnifying Party fails to select an arbitrator during this 15 day period, then the parties hereto agree that the arbitration will be conducted by one arbitrator selected by the Indemnified Party. (iii) Any such arbitration shall be held in New York, New York, under the rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator(s) shall determine how all expenses relating to the arbitration shall be paid, including without limitation, the respective expenses of each party, the fees of each arbitrator and the administrative fee of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator or arbitrators, as the case may be, shall set a limited time period and establish procedures designed to reduce the cost and time for discovery while allowing the parties an opportunity, adequate in the sole judgment of the arbitrator or majority of the three arbitrators, as the case may be, to discover relevant information from the opposing parties about the subject matter of the dispute. The arbitrator, or a majority of the three arbitrators, as the case may be, shall rule upon motions to compel or limit discovery and shall have the authority to impose sanctions, including attorneys' fees and costs, to the same extent as a competent court of law or equity, should the arbitrators or a majority of the three arbitrators, as the case may be, determine that discovery was sought without substantial justification or that discovery was refused or objected to -54-
without substantial justification. The decision of the arbitrator or a majority of the three arbitrators, as the case may be, as to the validity and amount of any claim in such dispute shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon the parties hereto. Such decision shall be written and shall be supported by written findings of fact and conclusions which shall set forth the award, judgment, decree or order awarded by the arbitrator(s). Within thirty (30) days of a decision of the arbitrator(s) requiring payment by one party to another, such party shall make the payment to such other party. (iv) Judgment upon any award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. (c) Notices and Defense of Actions. (i) The obligations and Liabilities of the Indemnifying Party under this Article VIII with respect to Losses arising from claims of any third party which are subject to the indemnification provided for in this Article VIII ("Third Party Claims") shall be governed by and contingent upon the additional terms and conditions set forth in this Article VIII. If an Indemnified Party shall receive notice of any Third Party Claim in writing, the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party prompt notice of such Third Party Claim in writing; provided, however, that the failure to provide such notice shall not release the Indemnifying Party from any of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent such Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. (ii) The Indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume and control the defense of such Third Party Claim at its expense and through counsel of its choice if (i) it gives notice of its intention to do so to the Indemnified Party within 30 days of the duly given notice from the Indemnified Party and (ii) it acknowledges in writing that such Third Party Claim is a claim subject to indemnification hereunder. In the event the Indemnifying Party exercises the right to undertake any such defense against any such Third Party Claim as provided above, the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense, but the expenses of the Indemnified Party shall be paid by the Indemnified Party. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in such defense and make available to the Indemnifying Party all witnesses, pertinent records, materials and information in the Indemnified Party's possession or under the Indemnified Party's control relating thereto as is reasonably required by the Indemnifying Party, and the Indemnifying Party shall reimburse the Indemnified Party for all its reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection therewith. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing, if the Indemnifying Party exercises the right to undertake such defense against any such Third Party Claim and the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party have adverse or potentially adverse interests in the Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party may participate in such defense and employ separate counsel, at the Indemnifying Party's expense, but the Indemnifying Party shall control such defense. No such Third Party Claim may be settled by the Indemnifying Party without the written consent of the Indemnified Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, unless such settlement involves only the payment of money (which payment obligation is borne exclusively by the Indemnifying Party), involves a full and unconditional release of the Indemnified Party and does not contain any prohibitions, limitations or restrictions on the conduct of the Indemnified Party's business. -55-
(iii) If the Indemnifying Party shall fail to undertake any such defense, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to assume and control the defense thereof, at the Indemnifying Party's expense, and through counsel of the Indemnified Party's choice. In the event the Indemnified Party is conducting the defense against any such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party (i) may participate in such defense, but the expenses of the Indemnifying Party shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party and (ii) shall cooperate with the Indemnified Party in such defense and make available to the Indemnified Party at the Indemnifying Party's expense, all such witnesses, records, materials and information in the Indemnifying Party's possession or under the Indemnifying Party's control relating thereto as is reasonably required by the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnified Party assumes the defense against any such Third Party Claim, such Indemnified Party agrees to keep the Indemnifying Party informed as to the status of such Third Party Claim. If the Indemnified Party assumes the defense against any such Third Party Claim and proposes to settle such claim or proceeding prior to a final judgment thereon or to forego any appeal with respect thereto, then the Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party prompt written notice thereof and shall not settle any such Third Party claim without the written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). 8.4 Maximum Payments. (a) The maximum amount a Parent Indemnified Party may recover from Siemens for Losses pursuant to Section 8.2(a) hereof shall be limited to an amount equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the Total Consideration (with the Stock Consideration valued at the Trading Price). (b) The maximum amount a Siemens Indemnified Party may recover from Parent for Losses pursuant to Section 8.2(c) hereof shall be limited to an amount equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the Total Consideration (with the Stock Consideration valued at the Trading Price). ARTICLE IX TAX MATTERS 9.1 Indemnity. (a) Siemens Corporation agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Parent and its officers, directors, and affiliates, including the Surviving Corporation (the "Parent Indemnified Parties") against the following Income Taxes and, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.4, against any loss, damage, liability or expense, including reasonable fees for attorneys and other outside consultants, incurred in contesting or otherwise in connection with any such Income Taxes: (i) Taxes imposed on the Company or any Company Subsidiary with respect to taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date (including but not limited to the Taxes attributable to the Voice Transaction); (ii) with respect to taxable periods beginning on or before the Closing Date and ending after the Closing Date, Taxes imposed on the Company or any Company Subsidiary which are allocable, pursuant to Section 9.1(b), to the portion of such period ending on the Closing Date; and (iii) Taxes imposed on any member of any affiliated group with which any of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries file or have filed a Return on a consolidated or combined basis for a taxable -56-
period ending on or before the Closing Date. Parent shall be responsible for Taxes and associated expenses not allocated to Siemens pursuant to the first sentence hereof. (b) In the case of Taxes that are payable with respect to a taxable period that begins before the Closing Date and ends after the Closing Date, the portion of any such Tax that is allocable to the portion of the period ending on the Closing Date shall be: (i) in the case of Taxes that are either (x) based upon or related to income or receipts, or (y) imposed in connection with any sale or other transfer or assignment of property (real or personal, tangible or intangible) deemed equal to the amount which would be payable if the taxable year ended with the Closing Date; and (ii) in the case of Taxes imposed on a periodic basis with respect to the assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or otherwise measured by the level of any item, deemed to be the amount of such Taxes for the entire period (or, in the case of such Taxes determined on an arrears basis, the amount of such Taxes for the immediately preceding period), multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of calendar days in the period ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of calendar days in the entire period. 9.2 Returns and Payments. (a) From the date of this Agreement through and after the Closing Date, Siemens shall prepare and file or otherwise furnish in proper form to the appropriate Governmental Entity (or cause to be prepared and filed or so furnished) in a timely manner all Tax returns, reports and forms ("Returns") relating to the Company and its Company Subsidiaries that are due on or before or relate to any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date (and Parent shall do the same with respect to any taxable period ending after the Closing Date). Returns of the Company and its Company Subsidiaries not yet filed for any taxable period that begins before the Closing Date shall be prepared in a manner consistent with past practices employed with respect to the Company and its Company Subsidiaries. With respect to any Return required to be filed by Parent or Siemens with respect to the Company and its Company Subsidiaries and as to which an amount of Tax is allocable to the other party under Section 9.1(b), the filing party shall provide the other party and its authorized representatives with a copy of such completed Return and a statement certifying the amount of Tax shown on such Return that is allocable to such other party pursuant to Section 9.1(b), together with appropriate supporting information and schedules at least 10 business days prior to the due date (including any extension thereof) for the filing of such Return, and such other party and its authorized representatives shall have the right to review and comment on such Return and statement prior to the filing of such Return. (b) Siemens shall pay or cause to be paid when due and payable all Taxes with respect to the Company and each Company Subsidiary which are the responsibility of Siemens under this Article IX and Parent shall so pay or cause to be paid Taxes for any taxable period after the Closing Date which are the responsibility of Parent under this Agreement (subject to its right of -57-
indemnification from Siemens for Taxes attributable to the portion of any Tax period that includes the Closing Date pursuant to Section 9.1(a) and Section 9.1(b). 9.3 Refunds. Any Tax refund (including any interest with respect thereto) relating to the Company or any Company Subsidiary for any taxable period ending on or before the Closing Date shall be the property of Siemens, and if received by Parent, the Company or any Company Subsidiary, shall be paid over promptly to Siemens. Parent shall not, and shall not cause or permit any of the Company or its Company Subsidiaries to, carryback any net operating loss, capital loss, Tax credit or other similar Tax attribute attributable to Parent or any of the Company or its Company Subsidiaries from a taxable period ending after the Closing Date into a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date of Siemens or the Company and its Company Subsidiaries, without Siemens' prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in Siemens' sole and absolute discretion. In the absence of Siemens' prior written consent, Siemens shall not be required to pay to Parent or any Company or its Company Subsidiary any refund or credit of Taxes that results from the carryback to any taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date of any net operating loss, capital loss, Tax credit or other similar Tax attribute attributable to Parent or any of the Company or its Company Subsidiaries from a taxable period ending after the Closing Date. 9.4 Contests. (a) After the Closing, Parent will promptly notify within 10 days Siemens in writing of any written notice of a proposed assessment or claim in an audit or administrative or judicial proceeding of Parent or of the Company or any Company Subsidiary which, if determined adversely to the taxpayer, would be grounds for indemnification under this Article IX; provided, however, that a failure to give such notice will not affect Parent's right to indemnification under this Article IX except to the extent that such that failure effectively precluded Siemens from avoiding all or a portion of the Tax liability in question. (b) In the case of an audit or administrative or judicial proceeding that relates to periods ending on or before the Closing Date, provided that Siemens acknowledges in writing its liability under this Agreement to hold Parent, the Company and its Company Subsidiaries harmless against the full amount of any adjustment which may be made as a result of such audit or proceeding that relates to periods ending on or before the Closing Date (or, in the case of any taxable year that includes the Closing Date, against an adjustment allocable under Section 9.1(b) to the portion of such year ending on or before the Closing Date), Siemens shall have the right at its expense to participate in and control the conduct of such audit or proceeding but only to the extent that such audit or proceeding relates solely to a potential adjustment for which Siemens could be held liable hereunder; Parent also may participate in any such audit or proceeding and, if Siemens does not assume the defense of any such audit or proceeding, Parent may defend the same in such manner as it may deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, settling such audit or proceeding after giving ten business days' prior written notice to Siemens setting forth the terms and conditions of settlement. -58-
(c) With respect to issues relating to a potential adjustment for which both Siemens and Parent or the Company or any Company Subsidiary could be liable, each party may participate in the audit or proceeding. (d) Neither Parent nor Siemens shall enter into any compromise or agree to settle any claim pursuant to any Tax audit or proceeding which would adversely affect the other party for such year or a subsequent year without the written consent of the other party, which consent may not be unreasonably withheld. Parent and Siemens agree to cooperate, and Parent agrees to cause the Company and its Company Subsidiaries to cooperate, in the defense against or compromise of any claim in any audit or proceeding. 9.5 Cooperation and Exchange of Information. Siemens and Parent will provide each other with such cooperation and information as either of them reasonably may request of the other (and Parent shall cause the Company and its Company Subsidiaries to provide such cooperation and information) in filing any Tax return, report or form, amended Tax return or claim for refund, determining any liability for Taxes or a right to a refund of Taxes or participating in or conducting any audit or other proceeding in respect of Taxes relating to the Company and its Company Subsidiaries. Such cooperation and information shall include providing copies of relevant Tax returns or portions thereof, together with accompanying schedules and related work papers and documents relating to rulings or other determinations by taxing authorities. Siemens shall make its employees available, and Parent shall make its employees available (and shall cause the employees of the Company and its Company Subsidiaries to be available) on a mutually convenient basis to provide explanations of any documents or information provided hereunder. Parent will retain and will cause the Company and its Company Subsidiaries to retain all Tax returns, schedules and work papers and all material records or other documents in its possession relating to Tax matters of the Company and its Company Subsidiaries for the taxable period first ending after the Closing Date and for all prior taxable periods until the later of (i) the expiration of the statute of limitations of the taxable periods to which such Tax returns and other documents relate, without regard to extensions, or (ii) seven years following the due date (without extension) for such Tax returns. After such time, before Parent shall dispose of any such documents, Parent shall, by 90 days' prior written notice to Siemens, give Siemens the opportunity (at Siemens' expense) to remove and retain all or any part of such documents as Siemens may select. Any information obtained under this Section 9.5 shall be kept confidential, except as may be otherwise necessary in connection with the filing of returns or claims for refund or in conducting an audit or other proceeding. 9.6 Conveyance Taxes. Siemens and Parent shall each pay one half of any real property transfer or gains, sales, use, transfer, value added, stock transfer, and stamp taxes, any transfer, recording, registration, and other fees, and any similar Taxes which become payable in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and shall file such applications and documents as shall permit any such Tax to be assessed and paid on or prior to the Closing Date in accordance with any available per sale filing procedure. Parent shall execute and deliver all instruments and certificates necessary to enable Siemens to comply with the foregoing. -59-
9.7 Miscellaneous. (a) Siemens and Parent agree to treat all payments made by either of them to or for the benefit of the other (including any payments to the Company or any Company Subsidiary) under this Article IX, under other indemnity provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Article VIII) and for any misrepresentations or breaches of warranties or covenants as adjustments to the purchase price or as capital contributions for Tax purposes and that such treatment shall govern for purposes hereof except to the extent that the Laws of a particular jurisdiction provide otherwise, in which case such payments shall be made in an amount sufficient to indemnify the relevant party on an after-Tax basis. (b) Any indemnifiable amount otherwise payable by Siemens shall be reduced by any Tax benefit actually realized by Parent, the Company or any of its Company Subsidiaries in a taxable period or portion thereof ending after the Closing Date (a "Post-Closing Date Tax Benefit") as a result of either an adjustment to Taxes for which Siemens is responsible under Article IX (such as a timing adjustment resulting in a Tax deduction for the Company or any Company Subsidiary for a period after the Closing Date) or a Tax deduction resulting from an indemnifiable payment. If a payment is made by Siemens in accordance with its indemnification obligation, and if in a subsequent taxable year a Post-Closing Date Tax Benefit that was not previously taken into account pursuant to the preceding sentence to reduce an amount otherwise payable by Siemens is actually realized by Parent, the Company or any Company Subsidiary, Parent shall pay to Siemens at the time of such realization the amount of such Post-Closing Date Tax Benefit to the extent that the Post-Closing Date Tax Benefit would have resulted in a reduction in the amount paid by Siemens if the Post-Closing Date Tax Benefit had been obtained in the year of such payment. A Post-Closing Date Tax Benefit will be considered to be realized for purposes of this Section 9.7(b) at the time that it is reflected on a Tax return of Parent, the Company or any Company Subsidiary. (c) Any tax sharing agreement or arrangement between Siemens and any of the Company or Company Subsidiaries shall be terminated in its entirety immediately prior to the Closing and neither Company nor any Company Subsidiary will have any liability or obligation under such agreement or arrangement after the Closing. (d) Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the obligations of Siemens to indemnify and hold harmless Parent, the Company and its Company Subsidiaries pursuant to this Article IX shall terminate at the close of business on the day following the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations with respect to the Tax liabilities in question (giving effect to any waiver, mitigation or extension thereof). (e) From and after the Closing Date, Siemens shall not without the prior written consent of Parent (which may, in its sole and absolute discretion, withhold such consent) make, or cause or permit to be made, any material Tax election that would affect any of the Company or any Company Subsidiaries. (f) To the extent any provision of Article VIII is inconsistent with the provisions of this Article IX, the provisions of this Article IX shall govern. -60-
For purposes of this Article IX, "Parent" and "Siemens," respectively, shall include each member of the affiliated group of corporations of which it is or becomes a member (other than the Company and its Company Subsidiaries, except to the extent expressly referenced). ARTICLE X TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 10.1 Termination. Except as provided in Section 10.2 hereof, this Agreement may be terminated and the Merger abandoned at any time prior to the Closing: (a) by unanimous agreement of Siemens and Parent; (b) by Parent or Siemens if the Closing Date shall not have occurred by September 30, 2002 (or, in the event of the use of a Registration Statement for the Stock Consideration, December 31, 2002); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 10.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the Merger to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes breach of this Agreement; (c) by Parent or Siemens if: (i) there shall be a final non-appealable order of a federal or state court in effect preventing consummation of the Merger, or (ii) there shall be any statute, rule, regulation or order enacted, promulgated or issued or deemed applicable to the Closing by any Governmental Entity that would make consummation of the Merger illegal; (d) by Parent if there shall be any action taken, or any statute, rule, regulation or order enacted, promulgated or issued or deemed applicable to the Merger by any Governmental Entity, which would: (i) prohibit Parent's ownership or operation of any portion of the business of the Company or (ii) compel Parent or the Company to dispose of or hold separate all or any portion of the business or assets of the Company or Parent as a result of the Merger; (e) by Parent if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company or Siemens contained in this Agreement such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.2(a) hereof would not be satisfied and such breach has not been cured within twenty (20) calendar days after written notice thereof to the Company and Siemens; provided, however, that no cure period shall be required for a breach which by its nature cannot be cured; (f) by Siemens if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a) hereof would not be satisfied and such breach has not been cured within twenty (20) calendar days after written notice thereof to Parent; provided, however, that no cure period shall be required for a breach which by its nature cannot be cured; or (g) by Parent if there has been a breach of the provisions of Section 6.32 hereof and such breach has not been cured within one (1) business day after written notice thereof to Siemens. -61-
10.2 Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 10.1 hereof, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability or obligation on the part of Parent, the Company or Siemens, or their respective officers, directors or stockholders, if applicable; provided, however, that each party hereto shall remain liable for any willful breaches of this Agreement prior to its termination; and provided further, however, that, the provisions of Sections 6.5, 6.6 and 6.7 hereof, Article XI hereof and this Section 10.2 shall remain in full force and effect and survive any termination of this Agreement pursuant to the terms of this Article X. 10.3 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed by or on behalf of the parties hereto. 10.4 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Closing, Parent, on the one hand, and the Company and Siemens, on the other hand, may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations of the other party hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto, and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit of such party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party. ARTICLE XI GENERAL PROVISIONS 11.1 Definitions. For all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: (a) "affiliate" of a specified person shall mean any person who, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified person. (b) "Business" shall mean the business conducted by the Company and all of its subsidiaries and business divisions, including without limitation, the manufacture, development and sale of the Company's products as currently manufactured, developed and sold by the Company, and excluding the Voice Business. (c) "Cash Exchange Ratio" shall mean an amount equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Total Cash Consideration by (y) the Total Outstanding Shares, rounded to the nearest thousandth ($0.001) (with amounts of 0.0005 and above rounded up). (d) "Commissioner" shall mean the California Commissioner of Corporations, or the staff of the California Department of Corporations on his or her behalf. (e) "Company Common Stock" shall mean shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company. -62-
(f) "Company Material Adverse Effect" shall mean any circumstance, change in or effect that is or is reasonably likely to be materially adverse to the assets, financial condition, business or results of operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (taken as a whole), other than any circumstance, change in or effect on the Company or any Company Subsidiary arising out of (i) circumstances, changes or effects that generally affect the industries in which the Company and the Company Subsidiaries operate or sell to or through (but which do not disproportionately affect the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), (ii) changes in financial or securities markets, (iii) changes in general economic, legal, regulatory or political conditions (but which do not disproportionately affect the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), or (iv) any effect resulting from the announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. (g) "Company Options" shall mean all issued and outstanding options or other rights (including commitments to grant options or other rights, but excluding Company Warrants) to purchase or otherwise acquire Company Capital Stock (whether or not vested) held by any person or entity. (h) "Company Restricted Stock" shall mean shares of Company Common Stock subject to a right of repurchase by the Company. (i) "Company Warrants" shall mean all issued and outstanding warrants to purchase Company Common Stock held by any person or entity. (j) "GAAP" shall mean United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods indicated. (k) "Hearing" shall mean the hearing held by the Commissioner to consider the terms, conditions and fairness of the transactions contemplated hereby pursuant to Section 25142 of the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended. (l) "Hearing Notice" shall mean the notice sent to the Stockholders pursuant to, and meeting the requirements of, Article 2 and Subchapter 1 of the California Administrative Code, Title 10, Chapter 3, Subchapter 2, as amended concerning the Hearing. (m) "Information Statement" shall the information statement delivered to the Stockholders in connection with the Stockholders Meeting. (n) "Issuance Permit" shall mean the permit issued by the Commissioner at or after the Hearing. (o) "Key Employees" shall mean the employees listed in Schedule 11.1(o) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. -63-
(p) "Knowledge" of any person which is not an individual shall mean, with respect to any specific matter, the actual knowledge of such person's executive officers and any other officer having primary responsibility for such matter (q) "Option Exchange Ratio" shall mean an amount equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the sum obtained by adding the Total Cash Consideration plus the product obtained by multiplying (A) the Trading Price by (B) the Total Stock Consideration by (y) the product obtained by multiplying the Total Outstanding Shares by the Trading Price. (r) "Parent Common Stock" shall mean shares of the common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, of Parent. (s) "Parent Option" shall mean any option to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock issued pursuant to the terms of Section 1.6(c) hereof in connection with the assumption of a Company Option. (t) "Permit Application" shall mean the application to issue securities by permit filed with the Commissioner. (u) "Registration Statement" shall mean a registration statement on Form S-4 (or any successor form) with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued in the Merger, if necessary, as contemplated by Section 6.2. (v) "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. (w) "Siemens Note" shall mean the Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company in favor of Siemens Corporation, dated January 10, 2001, as amended and restated on February 8, 2001, November 15, 2001 and May 14, 2002. (x) "Stock Exchange Ratio" shall mean an amount equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Total Stock Consideration, by (y) the Total Outstanding Shares, rounded to the nearest thousandth (0.001) (with amounts 0.0005 and above rounded up). (y) "Stockholder" shall mean any holder of any Company Capital Stock immediately prior to the Effective Time. (z) "Stockholders Meeting" shall mean the special meeting of the Stockholders (or written consent in lieu thereof) contemplated by Section 6.3(a). (aa) "subsidiary" or "subsidiaries" of a person shall mean an affiliate controlled by such person, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries. (bb) "Total Cash Consideration" shall mean $375,000,000. (cc) "Total Consideration" shall mean the Total Cash Consideration and the Total Stock Consideration. -64-
(dd) "Total Outstanding Shares" shall mean the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock (including any other rights whether vested or unvested convertible into, exercisable for or exchangeable for, shares of Company Common Stock on an as-converted, exercised or exchanged basis, but excluding Company Options) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. For the avoidance of doubt, the definition of "Total Outstanding Shares" includes the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock issuable upon conversion of that portion of the Siemens Note (including accrued interest thereon) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. (ee) "Total Stock Consideration" shall mean 36,500,000 shares of Parent Common Stock. (ff) "Trading Price" shall mean the average closing sale price of one share of Parent Common Stock as reported on Nasdaq for the ten (10) consecutive trading days ending three (3) trading days immediately preceding the Closing Date. 11.2 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally or by commercial messenger or courier service, or mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) or sent via facsimile (with acknowledgment of complete transmission) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice); provided, however, that notices sent by mail will not be deemed given until received: (a) if to Parent or Sub, to: Juniper Networks, Inc. 1194 N. Mathilda Avenue Sunnyvale, California 94089 Attention: General Counsel Telephone No.: (408) 745-2000 Facsimile No.: (408) 745-8910 with copies to: Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation 650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 Attention: Katharine A. Martin, Esq. Telephone No.: (650) 493-9300 Facsimile No.: (650) 493-6811 and Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation One Market, Spear Tower, Suite 3300 San Francisco, California 94105 Attention: Steve L. Camahort, Esq. Telephone No.: (415) 947-2000 -65-
Facsimile No.: (415) 947-2099 (b) if to the Company, to: Unisphere Networks, Inc. 10 Technology Park Drive Westford, Massachusetts 01886 Attention: Chief Executive Officer Telephone No.: (978) 589-5000 Facsimile No.: (978) 589-0099 with a copy to: Choate Hall & Stewart Exchange Place Boston, Massachusetts 02109 Attention: Robert Rothberg, Esq. Telephone No.: (617) 248-5000 Facsimile No.: (617) 248-4000 (c) if to Siemens Corporation, to: Siemens Corporation 153 East 53rd Street New York, New York 10022 Attention: Senior Vice President and General Counsel Telephone No.: (212) 258-4488 Facsimile No.: (212) 258-4490 with a copy to: Shearman & Sterling 599 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10022 Attention: Stephen M. Besen, Esq. Telephone No.: (212) 848-4000 Facsimile No.: (212) 848-7179 11.3 Interpretation. The words "include," "includes" and "including" when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words "without limitation." The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All references to dollars in this agreement shall be mean U.S. dollars. The parties agree that it is understood that representations and warranties in Article III do not apply to the Voice Business (the "Voice Exclusion"), except that the Voice Exclusion will not apply to representations and warranties for which application of the Voice Exclusion would result in Parent and Sub not having recourse under either Section 8.2(a)(i) or 8.2(b) with respect to Losses suffered as a result of breaches or inaccuracies of such representations and warranties arising out of or relating to the Voice Business or the Voice Transaction. -66-
11.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other party, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. 11.5 Entire Agreement; Assignment. This Agreement, the Exhibits hereto, the Related Agreements, the Confidential Disclosure Agreement, the Company Disclosure Schedule and the documents and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto referenced herein: (i) constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, (ii) are not intended to confer upon any other person (other than any Indemnified Party) any rights or remedies hereunder, and (iii) shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise, except that Parent may assign its rights and delegate its obligations hereunder to its wholly-owned subsidiaries as long as Parent remains ultimately liable for all of Parent's obligations hereunder. 11.6 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied is intended to or shall confer upon any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 11.7 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement or the application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such void or unenforceable provision. 11.8 Other Remedies. Any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. 11.9 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws thereof. Prior to the Effective Time, all actions and proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and determined exclusively in any court of chancery in the State of Delaware. The parties hereto hereby (a) submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of any court of chancery in the State of Delaware for the purpose of any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party hereto, and (b) irrevocably waive, and agree not to assert by way of motion, defense, or otherwise, in any such action, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the action is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the -67-
venue of the action is improper, or that this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein may not be enforced in or by any of the above- named courts. 11.10 Rules of Construction. The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefor, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document. 11.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY HERETO IN NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] -68-
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Sub, the Company and Siemens have caused this Agreement to be signed, all as of the date first written above. JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. By: /s/ Lisa C. Berry By: /s/ James A. Dolce, Jr. Name: Lisa C. Berry Name: James A. Dolce, Jr. Title: Vice President, General Title: President & CEO Counsel and Secretary HOMER ACQUISITION CORPORATION SIEMENS CORPORATION By: /s/ Lisa C. Berry By: /s/ E.R. Lupone Name: Lisa C. Berry Name: E.R. Lupone Title: Secretary and Director Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary By: /s/ William G. Moran Name: William G. Moran Title: Vice President, Mergers and Acquisitions SIGNATURE PATE TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

EXHIBIT 2.2 STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT This Stockholder Agreement (hereinafter the "Agreement") is made as of May 17, 2002, effective as of the Effective Time as defined in the Acquisition Agreement (as defined below), by and between Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and Siemens Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Stockholder"). RECITALS A. The Company and Stockholder have entered into that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Stockholder, Unisphere Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and Homer Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company dated as of even date herewith (the "Acquisition Agreement"); B. As a condition precedent to the Company entering into the Acquisition Agreement and completing the transactions contemplated therein, simultaneously with entering into the Acquisition Agreement, Stockholder is entering into this Agreement; C. The Company and Stockholder desire, in connection with the execution of the Acquisition Agreement, to make certain covenants and agreements with one another pursuant to this Agreement; NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and promises set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE I STANDSTILL OBLIGATIONS AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 1.1 The Stockholder's Standstill Obligations. (a) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, directly or indirectly, acquire or Beneficially Own Voting Stock or authorize or make a tender offer, exchange offer or other offer or proposal, whether oral or written, to acquire Voting Stock, if the effect of such acquisition or Beneficial Ownership would be to increase above the Standstill Limit the Voting Stock represented by all Voting Stock Beneficially Owned by Stockholder (including without limitation any 13D Group to which Stockholder or any Stockholder Controlled Person is a party). (b) Stockholder shall not be deemed to have violated its covenants under this Section 1.1 solely by virtue of (and only to the extent of) any increase in the total Voting Stock represented by Voting Stock Beneficially Owned by Stockholder if such increase is the result of (i) a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or similar event, or (ii) Stockholder being acquired by or merged with a person (who is not an Affiliate of Stockholder or a Stockholder Controlled Person) who Beneficially Owns any shares of Voting Stock at the time of such acquisition or merger; provided that a purpose of such acquisition or merger is not to evade the restrictions set forth in this Agreement and that Stockholder is not acting in concert with such person with an intent to evade the restrictions set forth in this Agreement.
(c) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, solicit or participate in any solicitation of proxies in opposition to the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company with respect to any Voting Stock, nor shall they seek to advise or influence any person with respect to the voting of any Voting Stock in opposition to the recommendation of the Board of Directors of the Company (other than as expressly provided in Section 2.1 of this Agreement). (d) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, deposit any Voting Stock in a voting trust or, except as otherwise provided or contemplated herein, subject any Voting Stock to any arrangement or agreement with any person with respect to the voting of such Voting Stock. (e) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, join a 13D Group (other than a group comprising solely Stockholder and Stockholder Controlled Persons) or other group, or otherwise act in concert with any third person for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of Voting Stock or Non-Voting Convertible Securities. (f) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, otherwise act, alone or in concert with others, to seek control of the management, Board of Directors or policies of the Company. (g) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, make any public announcement with respect to, or submit a proposal for, or offer of (with or without conditions) any extraordinary transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries or business divisions or any of its securities or assets. (h) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, take any action that could reasonably be expected to require the Company to make a public announcement regarding the possibility of any of the events described in clauses (a) through (g) above. (i) During the Standstill Period, Stockholder shall not, nor shall Stockholder permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to, nor shall Stockholder act in concert with nor permit any Stockholder Controlled Person to act in concert with any person to, request the Company or any of its representatives, directly or indirectly, to amend or waive any provision of this Section 1.1. 1.2 Transfer and Volume Restrictions.
(a) Stockholder shall not, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, pledge, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, transfer the economic risk of ownership of, or otherwise dispose of (each, a "Transfer"), any Voting Stock or Non-Voting Convertible Securities except as provided in this Section 1.2; provided, however that Stockholder may Transfer Voting Stock or Non-Voting Convertible Securities to any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG which, prior to such Transfer, executes a copy of this Agreement, agreeing to be bound by all of its terms, and delivers such executed copy to the Company. Any attempted Transfer not in compliance with this Section 1.2 shall be null and void ab initio. (b) Stockholder shall not Transfer any Voting Stock or Non-Voting Convertible Securities (including without limitation any Shares) during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending on the three-month anniversary of the Closing. (c) During the Volume Restriction Period, Stockholder shall be permitted to Transfer a number of shares of Company Common Stock (in each case, as adjusted for stock splits, reverse stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar transactions) not to exceed (i) 3,000,000 in the aggregate during any one (1) 90-day period for the first 270-day period of the Volume Restriction Period, and (ii) 6,000,000 in the aggregate during any one (1) 90-day period thereafter; provided, however, that in the event that Stockholder is precluded from making a Transfer otherwise permitted by this Section 1.2(c) because the prohibitions in Section 1.3 hereof are in effect, during the 90-day period following the end of the prohibitions in Section 1.3 hereof, Stockholder shall be permitted to Transfer an additional number of shares of Company Common Stock not to exceed the total number of shares of Company Common Stock that Stockholder otherwise would have been permitted to Transfer under this Section 1.2(c) had such prohibitions in Section 1.3 not been in effect. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.2, Stockholder shall be permitted to (i) Transfer its Voting Stock and Non-Voting Convertible Securities, as applicable, Beneficially Owned by it in connection with any tender offer or exchange offer that has been approved by the Company's Board of Directors and (ii) Transfer its Voting Stock in connection with the payment of any indemnification claim pursuant to Article VIII of the Acquisition Agreement. 1.3 Market Stand-off. Upon the effective date of a registration statement for an underwritten public offering by the Company of shares of Company Common Stock or securities which are convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act and ending the earlier of ninety (90) days after such effective date, or such shorter period as may be required by the underwriter, Stockholder hereby agrees not to, directly or indirectly, sell, offer to sell, contract to sell (including, without limitation, any short sale), loan, grant any option for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any securities of the Company (other than those included in the registration) to the extent requested by the Company and its underwriter, provided that Stockholder shall not be bound by this restriction to the extent that the Company has a similar market stand-off contractual right with other parties and does not enforce such right. Stockholder agrees that the Company may instruct its transfer agent to place stop-transfer notations in its records to enforce the provisions of this section. Stockholder agrees that, if so
requested, Stockholder will execute an agreement with the managing underwriter of such offering containing terms which are materially consistent with the provisions of this section. 1.4 Notification of Change in Beneficial Ownership. Stockholder shall notify the Company in writing of any proposed change in Beneficial Ownership of Voting Stock by Stockholder or any Stockholder Controlled Person at least one (1) business day after such change or any commitment to make such change, including the name of the transferee and the material terms of such change. ARTICLE II VOTING OBLIGATIONS 2.1 The Stockholder's Voting Obligations. (a) During the Voting Period, Stockholder shall take such action as may be required so that all Voting Stock Beneficially Owned by Stockholder or any Stockholder Controlled Person (and shall use all reasonable efforts to cause any Shares held by an Affiliate of Stockholder or any 13D Group of which Stockholder or any Affiliate of Stockholder is a party) are voted for or cast or cause to be voted or cast according the recommendation of the Company's Board of Directors. (b) During the Voting Period, Stockholder, as the holder of shares of Voting Stock, shall be present, in person or by proxy, (and shall cause any Stockholder Controlled Persons Beneficially Owning Voting Stock to be so present and shall use reasonable efforts to cause its Affiliates and all 13D Groups of which it or any of its Affiliates is a party Beneficially Owning Voting Stock to be so present) at all meetings of stockholders of the Company so that all shares of Voting Stock Beneficially Owned by it, any of its Affiliates, any 13D Groups of which it or any of its Affiliates is a party and any Stockholder Controlled Person may be counted for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at such meetings. ARTICLE III REGISTRATION RIGHT 3.1 Demand Registration Right. (a) If at any time beginning nine (9) months after the Closing Date (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) Stockholder requests in writing (the "Stockholder Demand") that the Company file a registration statement (a "Registration Statement") for a public offering of the Shares, the Company shall, subject to Section 3.2, file such Registration Statement with the SEC within forty-five (45) days after its receipt of such request. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such Registration Statement to be declared effective as soon thereafter as practicable and keep such registration statement effective until the Stockholder notifies the Company in writing that the Company is no longer required to keep such Registration Statement effective. In no event, however, shall the Company be required to cause more than one (1) Registration Statement pursuant to this section to be declared effective by the SEC.
(b) The Company shall make reasonably available for inspection by the Stockholder, the underwriter (if any) and their representatives retained in connection with the registration all relevant financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company and cause the Company's officers, directors and employees to supply all information reasonably requested by Stockholder, the underwriter or any of their representatives in connection with the registration. (c) The Company shall enter into such agreements (including, if the offering is an underwritten offering, an underwriting agreement) as are customary in transactions of such kind and take such other actions as are reasonably necessary in connection therewith in order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of the Shares. The Company shall (A) make such representations and warranties with respect to the Registration Statement or post-effective amendment or supplement thereto, prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, and documents incorporated by reference, if any, to Stockholder and the underwriter, if any, of the Shares in form, substance and scope as are customarily made by the Company in connection with offerings of shares of Company Common Stock in transactions of such kind; (B) obtain an opinion of counsel in customary form and covering matters of the type customarily covered by such an opinion, addressed to such underwriter, if any, and to Stockholder; (C) obtain a "comfort" letter or letters from the independent certified public accountants who have certified the Company's most recent audited financial statements that are incorporated by reference in the Registration Statement which is addressed to Stockholder and the underwriter, if any, such letter or letters to be in customary form and covering such matters of the type customarily covered by "comfort" letters of such type; and (D) deliver such documents and certificates as may be reasonably requested by Stockholder and the underwriter, if any, of the Shares to evidence compliance with any customary conditions contained in the underwriting agreement or other agreement entered into by the Company. 3.2 Conditions and Limitations on Registration Rights. The registration rights granted by this Agreement are subject to the following additional conditions and limitations: (a) Delays and Suspension. The Company may delay the filing of, or suspend or delay the effectiveness of a Registration Statement for a reasonable period of time (but not exceeding 90 days), if the Company determines, in its reasonable judgment, that such registration or offering would interfere with any financing, acquisition, corporate reorganization or other material transaction involving the Company or any of its Affiliates or would require premature disclosure thereof and promptly give the Stockholder, as applicable, written notice of such delay, provided, however, that the Company may postpone a filing in such manner only once in each twelve (12) month period. In such event, the Company's obligation under this Agreement to file a Registration Statement, seek effectiveness of a Registration Statement or keep such Registration Statement effective shall be deferred. If the Company (i) postpones the filing of a Registration Statement requested to be filed pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof or (ii) delays seeking effectiveness thereof, the Stockholder shall have the right to withdraw the request for registration by giving written notice to the Company within thirty (30) days after receipt of the notice of postponement and, in the event of such withdrawal, such request shall not be counted for purposes of the requests for registration to which the Stockholder is entitled pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof. If the Company suspends the
effectiveness of a Registration Statement, the Company will promptly deliver notice to the Stockholder of such suspension and will again deliver notice to the Stockholder when such suspension is no longer necessary and the duration for which the Company is required to keep a Registration Statement effective shall be extended by an additional number of days equal to the length of any suspension period. (b) Amended or Supplemented Prospectus. The Stockholder agrees that, as a condition to the receipt of the registration rights contained herein, upon receipt of any notice from the Company described in Section 3.2 hereof that suspends an effective Registration Statement, the Stockholder shall forthwith discontinue disposition of Shares until the Stockholder has received copies of a supplemented or amended prospectus from the Company, or until it is advised in writing by the Company that the use of the prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any additional or supplemental filings which are incorporated by reference into the prospectus. If so directed by the Company, the Stockholder will deliver to the Company all copies of the prospectus covering such Shares current at the time of receipt of such notice of suspension. 3.3 Indemnification by the Company. The Company will, and hereby does, indemnify and hold harmless, the Stockholder and its directors, officers, partners, agents and Affiliates and each other person who participates as an underwriter in the offering or sale of the Shares and each other person, if any, who controls Stockholder or any such underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act, insofar as losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any material fact contained in any registration statement under which Shares held by Stockholder were registered under the Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereto, or any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances in which they were made not misleading, and the Company will reimburse the Stockholder and each such director, officer, partner, agent or Affiliate, underwriter and controlling person for any legal or any other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, liability, action or proceeding; provided, that the Company shall not be liable in any such case to the Stockholder and its directors, officers, partners, agents and Affiliates or any underwriter to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect thereof) or expense arises out of or is based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, any such preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or supplement in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company through an instrument executed by or on behalf of such person, as the case may be, specifically stating that it is for use in the preparation thereof; and provided, further, that the Company shall not be liable to any person who participates as an underwriter in the offering or sale of Shares or any other person, if any, who controls such underwriter within the meaning of the Securities Act, in any such case to the extent that any such loss, claim, damage, liability (or action or proceeding in respect thereof) or expense arises out of such person's failure to send or give a copy of the final prospectus, as the same may be then supplemented or amended, to the person asserting an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or
omission or alleged omission at or prior to the written confirmation of the sale of Shares to such person if such statement or omission was corrected in such final prospectus so long as such final prospectus, and any amendments or supplements thereto, have been furnished to such underwriter. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of Stockholder or any such underwriter, director, officer, partner, agent or Affiliate or controlling person and shall survive the transfer of such securities by the Stockholder. 3.4 Indemnification by Stockholder. The Stockholder will, and hereby does, indemnify and hold harmless (in the same manner and to the same extent as set forth in Section 3.3) the Company, and each director of the Company, each officer of the Company and each other person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act, with respect to any statement or alleged statement in or omission or alleged omission from such registration statement, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained therein, or any amendment or supplement thereto, if such statement or alleged statement or omission or alleged omission was made in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Company through an instrument duly executed by the Stockholder specifically stating that it is for use in the preparation of such registration statement, preliminary prospectus, final prospectus, summary prospectus, amendment or supplement; provided, however, that the liability of Stockholder under this Section 3.4 shall be limited to the amount of proceeds received by Stockholder in the offering giving rise to such liability. Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect, regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Company or any such director, officer or controlling person and shall survive the transfer of such securities by Stockholder. 3.5 Notices of Claims, etc. Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding involving a claim referred to in Section 3.3 or 3.4, such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against an indemnifying party, give written notice to the latter of the commencement of such action or proceeding; provided, however, that the failure of any indemnified party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the indemnifying party of its obligations under Section 3.3 or 3.4, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by such failure to give notice. In case any such action is brought against an indemnified party, unless in such indemnified party's reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties is reasonably likely to exist in respect of such claim, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate in and to assume the defense thereof, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified to the extent that it may wish, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party, and after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof. The indemnifying party shall not be liable to the indemnified party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the indemnified party in connection with the defense of an indemnifiable action other than reasonable costs of investigation, unless in the indemnified party's reasonable judgment a conflict of interest between such indemnified and indemnifying parties arises in respect of such claim after the assumption of the defense thereof by the indemnifying party and the indemnified party notifies the indemnifying party of such indemnified party's judgment as to the existing conflict of interest and the basis therefor. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action or proceeding effected without its written consent, which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld. No indemnifying party shall, without the written consent of the indemnified party, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such indemnified party of a release from all liability in respect of such claim or litigation. 3.6 Contribution. If the indemnification provided for in Section 3.3 and 3.4 shall be judicially determined (by the entry of final judgment or decree by a court of competent jurisdiction and the expiration of time to appeal or the denial of the last right of appeal) to be unavailable to a party seeking indemnification under Section 3.3 or 3.4 hereof in respect of any loss, claim, damage or liability, or any action in respect thereof, then, in lieu of the amount paid or payable under Section 3.3 or 3.4 hereof, the indemnified party and the indemnifying party under Section 3.3 or 3.4 hereof shall contribute to the aggregate losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating the same), (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Company, on the one hand, and the Stockholder, on the other hand, with respect to the statements or omissions which resulted in such loss, claim, damage or liability, or action in respect thereof, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause (i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as shall be appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company, on the one hand, and the Stockholder from the offering of the securities covered by such registration statement. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. In addition, no person shall be obligated to contribute hereunder any amounts in payment for any settlement of any action or claim effected without such person's consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 3.7 Other Indemnification. Indemnification and contribution similar to that specified in Section 3.3 or 3.4 (with appropriate modifications) shall be given by the Company, on the one hand, and Stockholder, on the other hand, with respect to any required registration or other qualification of securities under any federal or state law or regulation of any governmental authority other than the Securities Act. 3.8 Information from Stockholder. In the event that either the Stockholder fails to furnish to the Company such information regarding itself, the Shares held by it, or the intended method of disposition of such securities as may be required to effect the registration of the Shares, the Company shall not be obligated to take any action pursuant to this Agreement with respect to such Shares. 3.9 Expenses of Registration. The Stockholder shall pay (i) all registration, filing and qualification fees (including SEC filing fees and the listing fees of the Nasdaq Stock Market or any stock exchange on which the Company securities are traded) attributable to the Shares registered under this Agreement, and any legal, accounting or other professional fees or expenses incurred by the Company up to a maximum of $250,000 (collectively, "Registration Expenses") and (ii) all underwriting discounts, selling commissions and stock transfer taxes, if any, attributable to the sale of such Shares registered by such Stockholder and any legal, accounting or other professional fees incurred by such Stockholder.
ARTICLE IV DEFINITIONS For the purpose of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings specified with respect thereto below: "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act; provided, however, that for purposes of this Agreement, the Stockholder and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Company (after the closing of the merger contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement), on the other, shall not be deemed to be "Affiliates" of one another. Any person shall be deemed the "Beneficial Owner" of and shall be deemed to "Beneficially Own" and to have "Beneficial Ownership" of any securities: (i) which such person (or, if such person is the Stockholder, any Stockholder Controlled Person) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 thereunder (or any comparable or successor law or regulation); (ii) which a person (or, if such person is the Stockholder, any Stockholder Controlled Person) has (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities), or (B) upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; or (iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other person (or any Affiliate thereof) with which a person (or, if such person is the Stockholder, any Stockholder Controlled Person) has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting, or disposing of any securities of the Company. "Company Common Stock" shall mean shares of the Common Stock of the Company and any securities into which such shares are exchanged or converted. "Control" or "Controlled by" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. "Non-Voting Convertible Securities" shall mean any securities which are convertible into, exchangeable for or otherwise exercisable to acquire Voting Stock of the Company, including convertible securities, warrants, rights or options to purchase Voting Stock.
"person" shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust, or other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. "Rule 144" shall mean Rule 144 as promulgated under the Securities Act. "SEC" shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission. "Securities Act" shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. "Shares" shall mean the shares of Company Common Stock issued by the Company to Stockholder (or its Affiliates) pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement (and all securities issued with respect to or in exchange for such shares pursuant to stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events). "Standstill Limit" shall mean the number of shares of Company Common Stock issued by the Company to Stockholder pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement (and all securities issued with respect to or in exchange for such shares pursuant to stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and similar events). "Standstill Period" shall mean the period beginning on the date hereof and ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the second (2nd) anniversary of the date of this Agreement, (ii) the date of any public announcement of a Third Party Takeover Proposal and (iii) the commencement of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or other similar proceedings affecting the Company. "Stockholder Controlled Person" shall mean any person over whom the Stockholder exercises or has the right or ability to exercise, directly or indirectly, Control. "Third Party Takeover Proposal" shall mean an offer, proposal, agreement or commitment by a person (other than Stockholder or any Stockholder Controlled Person) that has been publicly disclosed by the Company or such person that would result in any of the following: (i) a merger, consolidation or other business combination or transaction if the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of such merger, consolidation or other business combination or transaction, as a result of such share ownership, have Beneficial Ownership of voting securities representing less than 50% of the Total Current Voting Power of the surviving or parent entity following such merger, consolidation or other business combination or transaction; (ii) an acquisition by any person, entity or 13D Group of direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of Voting Stock of the Company representing 50% or more of the Total Current Voting Power of the Company (other than pursuant to a transaction described in clause (i) above); or (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company; provided, however, that no such offer, proposal, agreement or commitment that is not recommended by the Company's Board of Directors shall be considered a Third Party Takeover Proposal for purposes of this Agreement.
"Total Current Voting Power" shall mean, with respect to any entity, at the time of determination of Total Current Voting Power, the total number of votes which may be cast in the election of members of the board of directors of the entity if all securities entitled to vote in the election of such directors are present and voted (or, in the event the entity is not a corporation, the governing members, board or other similar body of such entity). "Transfer" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.2 hereof. "Volume Restriction Period" shall mean the period of time beginning on the three-month anniversary of the Closing (as defined in the Acquisition Agreement) and ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the date of any public announcement of a Third Party Takeover Proposal, (ii) the commencement of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or other similar proceedings affecting the Company and (iii) such time as Stockholder Beneficially Owns fewer than 6,000,000 shares of Voting Stock. "Voting Period" shall mean the period beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending at such time as Stockholder Beneficially Owns fewer than 6,000,000 shares of Voting Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Voting Period shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of (i) the date of any public announcement of a Third Party Takeover Proposal,(ii) the fifth (5th) anniversary of this Agreement and (iii) the commencement of any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, winding up or other similar proceedings affecting the Company. "Voting Stock" shall mean shares of the Company Common Stock and any other securities of the Company or its successor having the power to vote in the election of members of the Board of Directors of the Company or its successor. "13D Group" means any group of persons formed for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of Voting Stock which would be required under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, to file a statement on Schedule 13D (a "Schedule 13D") pursuant to Rule 13d-1(a) of the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act or a Schedule 13G of the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 13d-1(c) of the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act with the SEC as a "person" within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act if such group Beneficially Owned Voting Stock representing more than 5% of any class of Voting Stock then outstanding. ARTICLE V MISCELLANEOUS 5.1 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. (a) This Agreement is to be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws.
(b) Any legal action or other legal proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement may be brought or otherwise commenced in any court of chancery located in the State of Delaware. Each party to this Agreement: (i) expressly and irrevocably consents and submits to the jurisdiction of any court of chancery located in the State of Delaware (and each appellate court located in the State of Delaware) in connection with any such legal proceeding, including to enforce any settlement, order or award; (ii) agrees that any court of chancery located in the State of Delaware shall be deemed to be a convenient forum; and (iii) waives and agrees not to assert (by way of motion, as a defense or otherwise), in any such legal proceeding commenced in any court of chancery located in the State of Delaware, any claim that such party is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of such court, that such legal proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of such proceeding is improper or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof or thereof may not be enforced in or by such court. Each party hereto agrees to the entry of an order to enforce any resolution, settlement, order or award made pursuant to this Section 4.1 by any court of chancery located in the State of Delaware and in connection therewith hereby waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise, any claim that such resolution, settlement, order or award is inconsistent with or violative of the laws or public policy of the laws of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction. 5.2 Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assignees. 5.3 Entire Agreement; Amendment. This Agreement and the agreements referred to herein (to the extent referred to herein) constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the parties with regard to the subject hereof. Except as expressly provided herein, neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or terminated other than by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is sought. 5.4 Notices, etc. All notices and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be made in the manner and to the addresses set forth in the Acquisition Agreement. 5.5 Delays or Omissions. No delay or omission to exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to a party under this Agreement shall impair any such right, power or remedy nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach or default, or an acquiescence therein, or of or in any similar breach or default thereafter occurring; nor shall any waiver of any single breach or default be deemed a waiver of any other breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring.
5.6 Expenses. Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, the Company and Stockholder shall bear their own expenses incurred with respect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 5.7 SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE. THE PARTIES HERETO AGREE THAT IRREPARABLE DAMAGE WOULD OCCUR IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT WERE NOT PERFORMED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THEIR SPECIFIC INTENT OR WERE OTHERWISE BREACHED. IT IS ACCORDINGLY AGREED THAT THE PARTIES SHALL BE ENTITLED TO AN INJUNCTION OR INJUNCTIONS, WITHOUT BOND, TO PREVENT OR CURE BREACHES OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND TO ENFORCE SPECIFICALLY THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS HEREOF, THIS BEING IN ADDITION TO ANY OTHER REMEDY TO WHICH THEY MAY BE ENTITLED BY LAW OR EQUITY, AND ANY PARTY SUED FOR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY DEFENSE THAT A REMEDY IN DAMAGES WOULD BE ADEQUATE. 5.8 Parent Reporting. For so long as and to the extent necessary to permit the Stockholder to sell its Shares pursuant to Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act and, to the extent applicable, Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, the Company shall take all such actions as reasonably available to file, on a timely basis, all reports and data required to be filed with the SEC by it pursuant to Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), referred to in paragraph (c)(1) of Rule 144 (or, if applicable, the Company shall use reasonable efforts to make publicly available the information regarding itself referred to in paragraph (c)(2) of Rule 144), furnish to the Stockholder upon request a written statement as to whether the Company has complied with such reporting requirements during the twelve months preceding any proposed sale under Rule 145 and otherwise take all such actions as reasonably available to permit such sales pursuant to Rule 145 and Rule 144. The Company has filed, on a timely basis, all reports required to be filed with the SEC under Section 13 of the Exchange Act during the preceding twelve months. 5.9 Further Assurances. The parties hereto shall do and perform or cause to be done and performed all such further acts and things and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments or documents as any other party may reasonably request from time to time in order to carry out the intent and purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. Neither the Company nor the Stockholder shall voluntarily undertake any course of action inconsistent with satisfaction of the requirements applicable to them set forth in this Agreement and each shall promptly do all such acts and take all such measures as may be appropriate to enable them to perform as early as practicable the obligations herein and therein required to be performed by them. In addition, the Company hereby agrees that it will provide reasonable assistance to the Stockholder in the event during the Volume Restriction Period the Stockholder requests the ability to sell in any 90-day period a number of shares of Company Common Stock greater than the limitations set forth in Section 1.2(d) hereof. 5.10 Facsimile; Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile and in any number of counterparts, each of which may be executed by fewer than all of the parties, each of
which shall be enforceable against the parties actually executing such counterparts, and all of which together shall constitute one instrument. 5.11 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect without said provision as close as possible to the intent of the parties. 5.12 Interpretation. (a) The various section headings are inserted for purposes of reference only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provision hereof. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such terms, as well as to the noun and verb forms of such definitions. (b) Each party hereto acknowledges that it has been represented by competent counsel and participated in the drafting of this Agreement, and agrees that any applicable rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be applied in connection with the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 5.13 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY AND ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY HERETO IN NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. [THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. By: /s/ Lisa C. Berry --------------------------------------------- Name: Lisa C. Berry Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary SIEMENS CORPORATION By: /s/ E.R. Lupone --------------------------------------------- Name: E.R. Lupone Title: Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary By: /s/ William G. Moran --------------------------------------------- Name: William G. Moran Title: Vice President, Mergers and Acquisitions [SIGNATURE PAGE TO STOCKHOLDER AGREEMENT]

EXHIBIT 99.3 FOR JUNIPER NETWORKS: Kathy Durr Senior Public Relations Manager Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-745-5058 kdurr@juniper.net INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: Randi Paikoff Feigin Vice President, Investor Relations Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-745-2371 randi@juniper.net JUNIPER NETWORKS COMPLETES ACQUISITION OF SIEMENS' UNISPHERE NETWORKS SUBSIDIARY Combination Provides Best-in-Class Comprehensive Solutions Globally SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 2, 2002 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR), a leading provider of trusted infrastructures for the New Public Network, today announced it has completed the acquisition of Unisphere Networks, thereby expanding its ability to offer service providers and carriers a scalable Internet Protocol (IP) product and service portfolio on a global scale. The total value of the transaction at closing was approximately $585 million, which includes $375 million in cash and 36.5 million shares. It is expected to be slightly dilutive to Juniper Networks in the second half of 2002 and accretive in early 2003, excluding one-time restructuring charges. In addition, the reseller agreement between Siemens (NYSE:SI) and Juniper Networks commences today, enabling Siemens to resell Juniper Networks products, as well as providing customer service and support, to all service provider and carrier customers globally. This agreement will expand Juniper Networks access to Siemens' worldwide presence and customer base in 190 countries and will enable Siemens to deliver next-generation voice solutions with comprehensive IP routing technology leveraging Juniper Networks innovative IP product portfolio. Juniper Networks will report actual Q2'02 financial results on July 11, 2002, after the close of the market. ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS Juniper Networks leads the industry in turning network innovation into the reliable delivery of core, edge, mobile and cable Internet services at scale for the New Public Network. Headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, Juniper Networks offers additional information on its product and service offerings at www.juniper.net. Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. Broadband Cable Processor, ERX, ESP, G10, Internet Processor, JUNOS, JUNOScript, M5, M10, M20, M40, M40e, M160, MRX, M-series, SDX,
ServiceGuard, T640, T-series, UMC, and Unison are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's SEC filings, including its recent Form 10K.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20020813171550.txt.gz
TIME:20020813171550
EVENTS:	Acquisition or disposition of assets	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Acquisition or disposition of assets
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
         This Amended Current Report on Form 8-K amends and supplements the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 12, 2002 as set forth below.
Item 2. Acquisition or Disposition of Assets.
         On July 1, 2002, Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), completed its acquisition of Unisphere Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Unisphere"), a privately held provider of data networking equipment optimized for applications at the edge of service provider networks (the "Acquisition"). In the Acquisition, Homer Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and into Unisphere such that Unisphere became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company after the Acquisition. In exchange for their shares of Unisphere, the former shareholders of Unisphere received an aggregate of 36,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company and cash totaling $375 million. The cash portion of the consideration was paid from the Company's operating cash. Immediately prior to the Acquisition, Siemens Corporation owned approximately 98.4% of the outstanding capital stock of Unisphere.
         The shares of the Company's common stock were issued pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") in reliance on Section 3(a)(10) thereof.
         The Company's press release dated July 2, 2002 announcing the completion of the Acquisition is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7. Financial Statements, Pro Forma Financial Information and Exhibits.
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 23.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT The Board of Directors and Stockholders Unisphere Networks, Inc. and Subsidiaries: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-44116, 333-52260 and 333-75758) on Form S-3 and the registration statements (Nos. 333-32412, 333-44148, 333-52258, 333-57860, 333-57862, 333-57864, 333-75770, 333-85387, 333-92086, 333-92088 and 333-92090) on Form S-8 of Juniper Networks, Inc. of our report dated April 30, 2002, except as to Note 15, which is as of July 1, 2002, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Unisphere Networks, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2000 and 2001, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the period from January 12, 1999 (date of inception) to September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, which report appears in the Form 8-K of Juniper Networks, Inc. dated August 13, 2002. /s/ KPMG LLP Boston, Massachusetts August 13, 2002

Exhibit 99.1 UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) Consolidated Balance Sheets The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) Consolidated Statements of Operations The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (In thousands, except share data) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (In thousands, except per share amounts) (1) NATURE OF THE BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Unisphere Networks, Inc. (the "Company") was incorporated in Delaware on January 12, 1999 as Unisphere Solutions, Inc. and is an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG. The Company changed its name from Unisphere Solutions, Inc. to Unisphere Networks, Inc. in September 2000. The Company develops, markets and supports data and voice networking products for the delivery of integrated voice and high speed data services to businesses and residential users. In March 1999, Siemens purchased Argon Networks, Inc. ("Argon"). In April 1999, Siemens purchased Castle Networks, Inc. ("Castle") and Redstone Communications, Inc. ("Redstone"). All three companies were development-stage companies engaged in research and development of next generation products for the networking industry. In April 1999, Siemens contributed a research and development group for voice switching products to the Company as an equity contribution (net assets were equal to zero). In June 1999, Siemens contributed the stock of Argon, Castle and Redstone to the Company. In accordance with AICPA Interpretation AIN-APB 16, #39, Transfers and Exchanges Between Companies Under Common Control, the assets and liabilities of the businesses contributed to Unisphere were recorded at historical cost. The results of operations of Argon, Castle and Redstone are included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company from the respective dates of acquisition. The Company considers Redstone and Castle to be the predecessor business as these two businesses represent the primary ongoing business operations of the Company (See Note 14). The Company is subject to risks common to technology-based companies including, but not limited to, the development of new technology, development of markets and distribution channels, dependence on key personnel, and the ability to obtain additional capital as needed to meet its product plans. The Company has a limited operating history and has never achieved profitability. To date the Company has been funded by Siemens. On April 30, 2002, the Company sold its Voice product line ("Voice") to Siemens Information and Communication Networks, Inc. ("Siemens ICN") pursuant to the terms of a Stock Purchase Agreement (the "Agreement"), between the Company and Siemens ICN, as of the effective date ("Effective Date") of April 1, 2002. In connection with the sale of Voice, Siemens ICN paid $210 million to the Company's stockholders of record as of May 20, 2002. The net assets and liabilities of Voice were transferred to Siemens ICN at historical cost in accordance with AICPA Interpretation AIN-APB 16, #39, Transfers and Exchanges Between Companies Under Common Control. The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of Voice as discontinued operations for all periods presented. See Note 14. (2) SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company reflect the application of certain significant accounting policies as described below.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (a) PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Unisphere Networks, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. (b) UNAUDITED INTERIM FINANCIAL INFORMATION The interim consolidated financial data as of March 31, 2002 and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited; however, in the opinion of the Company, the interim data includes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire year. (c) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. (d) INVENTORIES Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out basis) or market (net realizable value). (e) PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated or amortized over the estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line method, based upon the following asset lives:
Computer and telecommunications equipment 2 to 3 years Furniture and office equipment 5 years Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or useful life of asset
The cost of significant additions and improvements is capitalized and depreciated while expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Upon retirement or sale, the cost and related accumulated depreciation of the assets are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the determination of net income or loss.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (f) INTANGIBLE ASSETS Intangible assets include goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from business combinations accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Goodwill was amortized on a straight-line basis over five years and other intangible assets were amortized on a straight-line basis over three years. The Company has adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 "Business Combinations" and No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." Accordingly, the Company reclassified the workforce intangible asset to goodwill and ceased the ratable amortization of goodwill on October 1, 2001. (g) IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND GOODWILL Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Intangible assets, including goodwill prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 142, are reviewed continually to determine whether events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful life. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. Recoverability of goodwill is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of goodwill to future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the business to which the goodwill relates. If such assets or goodwill are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets or goodwill exceeds the related fair value. Estimated fair value is generally based on either appraised value or measured by discounted estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate discounted future cash flows. During the second quarter of fiscal 2000, management of the Company cancelled Argon's original development effort of its gigabit switch router, which was the primary focus of Argon. The cancellation of the project was due to continuing technology problems, major delays and insufficient technical features for the competitive marketplace. The cancellation of this development effort included discarding and abandoning all software development and substantially all hardware components. As a result of the cancellation of the Argon gigabit switch router, the Company performed an impairment review of the goodwill generated from the Argon acquisition. At the time this impairment review was performed, it was determined that there would be no future cash flows generated from the Argon development concept. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $118,495 for the writedown of the remaining unamortized value of the Argon goodwill during the year ended September 30, 2000. The Company also performed an impairment review of the workforce intangible asset generated from the Argon acquisition. At the time this impairment review was performed, it was determined that there was a partial impairment of this asset, based on the higher than expected level of employee turnover experienced to date. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $315 for the writedown of a portion of the unamortized value of the Argon workforce intangible asset during the year ended September 30, 2000.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (h) FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses and the convertible promissory note approximate their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. (i) REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue from product sales is recognized upon shipment provided that there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectibility is deemed probable. If uncertainties exist, revenue is recognized when such uncertainties are resolved. A significant portion of the Company's sales are made through value-added resellers, including various Siemens sales entities. Under these arrangements, value-added resellers do not have a right of return and they purchase products from the Company after they have secured a sale to an end-user. Revenue from professional services is recognized when the services are completed. Revenue from technical support and maintenance contracts is recognized ratably over the period of the related agreements. A provision for sales returns and allowances is recorded at the time of revenue recognition based on estimated future returns and allowances. In addition, the Company records a warranty liability for parts and labor on its products at the time of revenue recognition. Warranty periods are generally one year from installation date. (j) RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS The Company's products are highly technical in nature and require a large and continuing research and development effort. All research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Software development costs incurred prior to the establishment of technological feasibility are charged to expense. Software development costs incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. Amortization is based on the straight-line method over the remaining estimated life of the product. To date, the period between achieving technological feasibility and the general availability of the related products has been short and software development costs qualifying for capitalization have not been material. Accordingly, the Company has not capitalized any software development costs. (k) ADVERTISING COSTS The Company expenses advertising costs in the period in which they are incurred. Advertising costs for the period ended September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001 were $736, $7,482 and $2,495, respectively. (l) OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) Other income (expense) consists of interest income, interest expense and other expenses. The Company recorded $0, $2,164 and $4,985 of losses on disposal of property and equipment for the period ended September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, respectively.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (m) INCOME TAXES Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company does not file separate income tax returns, but rather is included in the consolidated income tax returns of its parent, Siemens Corporation, a majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG. The Company has entered into a tax sharing agreement with Siemens Corporation. Under this agreement, the Company will reimburse Siemens Corporation for the Company's federal and state income tax liability computed as if its tax returns were filed on a stand alone basis. The Company may use the tax benefits of net operating losses and credits generated by the Company solely to reduce its liability to Siemens Corporation. Siemens Corporation is not obligated to reimburse the Company for any tax benefits in excess of the aggregate liability to Siemens Corporation up to the date of an initial public offering ("IPO") of the Company's stock. Subsequent to the date of an IPO, Siemens Corporation will reimburse the Company for any tax attributes utilized by Siemens Corporation when the Company could have used them on a separate return basis. The Company is obligated to pay Siemens Corporation for any adjustment made by a taxing authority in a consolidated tax year, the benefit of which is subsequently realized by the Company in a non-consolidated tax year. (n) NET LOSS PER SHARE Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the period by the weighted average number of unrestricted common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed by dividing the net loss for the period by the weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares outstanding during the period, if dilutive. Common equivalent shares are composed of restricted common shares and incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options. There were no dilutive common equivalent shares for the period ended September 30, 1999, the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001 and the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002. At September 30, 2000 and 2001, options to purchase 14,139 and 19,726 shares of common stock, respectively, at an average exercise price of $9.64 and $10.20 per share, respectively, and restricted common shares of 2,741 and 1,552, respectively, have not been included in the computation of diluted net loss per share as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. (o) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION The Company accounts for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in accordance with the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) Employees," ("APB No. 25") and complies with the disclosure provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS No. 123"). The Company amortizes deferred stock-based employee compensation expense for fixed awards using the straight-line method over the respective employees' vesting periods. (p) SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company has adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information," which requires companies to report selected information about operating segments, as well as enterprise-wide disclosures about products, services, geographic areas, and major customers. The Company has determined that it conducts its operations in one business segment. (q) CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK Financial instruments which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents and receivables. The Company invests its excess cash primarily in deposits with commercial banks. (r) RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Certain components and parts used in the Company's products are procured from a single source. The Company obtains some of its parts from one vendor only, even where multiple sources are available, to maintain quality control and enhance working relationships with suppliers. These purchases are made on a purchase order basis. In addition, the majority of the Company's products are manufactured by a single contract manufacturer. The failure of a supplier or the contract manufacturer to deliver on schedule could delay or interrupt the Company's delivery of products and thereby adversely affect the Company's revenue and results of operations. The Company is subject to the rapid technological change inherent in the networking industry. This change includes new product introduction, changes in customer requirements and new technologies. The Company works closely with its customers to understand its customers and the industry requirements. A delay in product and feature introductions could adversely affect the Company's results of operations.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (3) ACQUISITIONS On April 27, 1999, Siemens purchased Redstone. Under the terms of the Agreement, Siemens purchased all outstanding securities of Redstone for $450,000 in cash. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase. In conjunction with the acquisition, Siemens entered into a Milestone Incentive Compensation Plan whereby if certain performance criteria and development milestones were achieved, Siemens would compensate the employees of Redstone with cash incentives. In June 1999, Siemens contributed the stock of Redstone to the Company, which has accounted for the acquisition and Redstone's results of operations from the date of acquisition, as if the Company had effectively acquired Redstone. During the period ended September 30, 1999 and the year ended September 30, 2000, the Company expensed $35,000 and $15,000, respectively, related to the Milestone Incentive Compensation Plan for milestones which had been achieved as of those dates. No additional milestone payments remained as of September 30, 2000. On April 20, 1999, Siemens acquired Castle. Under the terms of the Agreement, Siemens purchased all outstanding securities of Castle for $300,000 in cash. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase. In June 1999, Siemens contributed the stock of Castle to the Company, which has accounted for the acquisition and Castle's results of operations from the date of acquisition, as if the Company had effectively acquired Castle. On March 12, 1999, Siemens acquired Argon. Under the terms of the Agreement, Siemens purchased all outstanding securities of Argon for $200,000 in cash. The transaction was accounted for as a purchase. In conjunction with the acquisition, Siemens entered into a Milestone Incentive Compensation Plan whereby if certain performance criteria and development milestones were achieved, Siemens would compensate the employees of Argon with cash incentives. In June 1999, Siemens contributed the stock of Argon to the Company, which has accounted for the acquisition and Argon's results of operations from the date of acquisition, as if the Company had effectively acquired Argon. No development milestones had been achieved during the period ended September 30, 1999, therefore no costs were accrued. At the time of acquisition, Siemens also initiated a retention bonus plan, for which the Company expensed $2,140 and $11,133 of cost related to time-based payments in the period ended September 30, 1999 and the year ended September 30, 2000, respectively. No additional retention bonus plan payments remained as of September 30, 2000. The amounts allocated to purchased in-process research and development was determined through established valuation techniques in the high-technology communications industry and were expensed upon acquisition, because technological feasibility had not been established and no future alternative uses existed.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) Summary of purchase transactions: All payments related to the milestone incentive compensation plans and retention plan were recorded as expense in the consolidated financial statements of Unisphere in the periods following the acquisitions. The expense was recorded as the milestones were achieved for the milestone plans and ratably over the retention period for the retention plan. For the period from January 12, 1999 (date of inception) to September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, aggregate expense of $37,140, $26,133 and $0, respectively, was recorded as follows in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations:
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (4) FINANCIAL STATEMENT DETAILS The following table summarizes balance sheet items by major component:
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (5) CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE The Company issued an amended and restated $67,000 convertible promissory note to Siemens in February 2001. In November 2001, the Company issued a second amended and restated convertible promissory to Siemens, pursuant to which the principal amount was increased to $147,000. Siemens has advanced $67,000 and $107,000 to the Company as of September 30, 2001 and March 31, 2002, respectively. The note accrues interest at 7.25% per year. The Company has recorded $3,476 and $3,154 of accrued interest for the year ended September 30, 2001 and the six months ended March 31, 2002. The principal and accrued interest is due or will convert into shares of the Company's common stock at the earlier of November 16, 2002 or the closing of an initial public offering of the Company's common stock. The Company's obligations under the note may be accelerated if an event of default occurs under the note. The number of shares to be issued upon such conversion is equal to the sum of the principal amount of the note plus accrued interest divided by the Company's per share initial public offering price. Upon the
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) November 16, 2002 due date or any accelerated due date, if not earlier converted, Siemens has the option to convert the note at the then fair market value of the Company's common stock. See Note 15. (6) WRITE-OFF OF OFFERING COSTS The Company recorded $1,209 and $1,482 of deferred costs directly attributable to its initial public offering of common stock during the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001. In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, during the year ended September 30, 2001, the Company wrote off $2,691 of deferred offering costs based upon management's view that market conditions have postponed the Company's offering by more than 90 days. (7) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES The Company's primary office facilities are leased under noncancelable operating leases that expire at various times through 2011. Rent expense under operating leases was $1,077, $3,927 and $5,152 for the period from inception through September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, respectively. At September 30, 2001, future minimum lease payments under all non-cancelable operating leases were as follows for fiscal years ending September 30:
2002 $ 4,822 2003 4,569 2004 4,305 2005 3,945 2006 4,347 Thereafter 19,748 -------- Total future minimum lease payments $ 41,736 ========
(8) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The Company has been funded since inception by Siemens. The funding was provided based on the Company's operating needs and was accounted for as a capital contribution through November 11, 2000. Total capital contributions from Siemens includes the contribution of the stock of Argon, Castle and Redstone, valued at $950,000, and capital contributions to fund operations of $49,951, $212,503 and $22,250 for the period ended September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, respectively. Subsequent to November 11, 2000, Siemens has provided funding to the Company in the form of a convertible promissory note (see Note 5). The Company has transactions in the normal course of business with Siemens group companies. Balances resulting from these transactions are reflected on the balance sheet as accounts receivable from related parties and accounts payable to related parties. Transactions included in the statement of operations for the period ended September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001 are as follows:
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (9) STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (a) COMMON STOCK The Company has authorized 115,361 shares of common stock, $.01 par value, of which 86,133, 90,285 and 90,639 shares were outstanding at September 30, 1999, 2000 and 2001, respectively. The holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held. On April 21, 2000, the Board of Directors approved a 1-for-3 reverse stock split. The accompanying financial statements reflect the effects of this reverse split for all periods presented. In April 2001, the Board of Directors increased the authorized common stock to 115,361 shares and increased the common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan to 29,227 shares. (b) NOTES RECEIVABLE FROM OFFICERS In connection with the sale of restricted stock and in accordance with the original terms of the awards, the Company accepted promissory notes from two officers in the amounts of $26,225 and $2,098, respectively, in August 2000. The notes are secured by the purchased shares and have recourse to the general assets of the officers with respect to 25% of the principal balance and 100% of the accrued interest on the notes. Interest paid is not refundable to the officers. The notes mature in January 2004 and bear interest at the six-month LIBOR index rate plus fifty basis points per annum (4.1% at September 30, 2001). In connection with the exercise of 67 stock options to purchase common stock and in accordance with the original terms of the award, the Company accepted a promissory note from one officer in the amount of $490 in December 2000. The note is secured by the purchased shares and has recourse to the general assets of the officer with respect to 25% of the principal balance and 100% of the accrued interest on the note. Interest paid is not refundable to the officer. In June 2001, the officer repaid the principal and interest on the note. In connection with the termination of one officer in July 2001, the Company repurchased 138 shares of restricted common stock and cancelled $1,444 of the balance of the promissory note. As of September 30, 2001, $138 of accrued interest is recorded in other current assets.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) (10) INCOME TAXES The Company prepared its tax provision as if it filed tax returns on a stand-alone basis. No current provision for federal or state income taxes has been recorded as the Company has incurred net operating losses since inception. The following table reconciles the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company's effective income tax rate: At September 30, 2000 and 2001, the Company had net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards resulting from current operations and from its acquisitions of Redstone, Castle and Argon. The Company has recorded a full valuation allowance against these net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, as well as the net deferred tax assets since management believes that, after considering all the available objective evidence, both positive and negative, it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. No deferred income tax provision has been recorded because of the valuation allowance. Temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following:
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) Subsequently reported tax benefits relating to the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2001 will be allocated as follows:
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) The Company has no federal and $370,107 of state net operating loss carryforwards as of September 30, 2001. The state net operating loss carryforwards will expire from 2002 through 2005. In addition, the Company has federal and state tax credit carryforwards of approximately $1,070 and $6,176, respectively, as of September 30, 2001 which will expire from 2011 through 2018. The utilization of the net operating losses may be limited pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382 as a result of prior and future ownership changes. In addition, to the extent these net operating losses can be utilized by Siemens Corporation, the Company is not entitled to any reimbursement under the existing tax sharing arrangement and the Company will not receive any current or future income tax benefit related to these net operating losses. (11) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION In July 1999, the Company adopted the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan provides for the granting of stock options to acquire common stock to employees, advisors and consultants of the Company. Options granted under the Plan may be either incentive stock options or non-statutory (i.e., nonqualified) stock options. Incentive stock options ("ISO") may be granted only to Company employees (including officers and directors who are also employees). Nonqualified stock options ("NSO") may be granted to Company employees, non-employee directors, advisors and consultants. The Company reserved 29,227 shares of common stock for issuance under the Plan as of September 30, 2001 and March 31, 2002. Options under the Plan may be granted for periods of up to ten years and at prices to be determined by the Board of Directors, provided, however, that (i) the exercise price of an ISO shall not be less than 100% of the estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant, and (ii) the exercise price of an ISO granted to a 10% shareholder shall not be less than 110% of the estimated fair value of the shares on the date of grant. Options granted generally vest over four years. A restricted stock award provides for the issuance of common stock to directors, officers, consultants and other key personnel at prices determined by the Board of Directors or a Committee selected by the Board of Directors. Participants' unvested shares are subject to repurchase by the Company at the original sale price. Generally, vesting occurs over a three to four year period. As of September 30, 2001 and March 31, 2002, the Company had the right to repurchase up to 1,552 and 1,070 unvested shares at the original sale price of $10.50 per share.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) The following table presents activity under the Plan for the period from January 12, 1999 (date of inception) to September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001: The following table summarizes stock options outstanding and exercisable at September 30, 2001: The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted in the period ended September 30, 1999 and the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001 was $0.00, $4.85, and $7.71, respectively. The weighted average modification date fair value of stock options modified in April 2000, as discussed below, was $3.62. Had compensation cost for the Company's stock-based compensation plan been determined based on the fair value at the grant dates for the awards under a method prescribed by SFAS No. 123, the Company's loss from continuing operations would have been $256,576, $336,568 and $129,551 and basic and diluted net loss per share from continuing operations would have been $2.98, $3.90 and $1.46 for the period ended September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, respectively. The Company calculated the fair value of each option on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) During the year ended September 30, 2000, the Company issued 176 non-qualified stock options to non-employees for services rendered and has valued these stock options using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company used a volatility factor of 65%, a risk free interest rate of 6.03%, a dividend rate of zero and the contractual lives of the grants, which ranged from one to ten years. During the year ended September 30, 2001, the Company issued 54 non-qualified stock options to non-employees for services rendered and has valued these stock options using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company used a volatility factor of 65%, a risk free interest rate of 6.00%, a dividend rate of zero and the contractual lives of the grants of ten years. The Company had 176 and 230 non-qualified stock options outstanding to non-employees at September 30, 2000 and 2001, respectively. The Company has fully amortized the deferred compensation expense of $630 and $167 during the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, respectively. During the year ended September 30, 2000, the Company sold 3,221 shares of restricted common stock and granted 4,530 stock options to purchase common stock at amounts lower than the estimated fair market value. Accordingly, the Company has recorded deferred compensation related to the restricted common stock and common stock options that were sold or issued at amounts less than estimated fair market value. During fiscal 2000, the Company recorded $48,045 in deferred compensation related to restricted common stock and stock options issued to employees of the Company. In addition, the Company recorded compensation expense of $9,308 and $677 in continuing and discontinued operations, respectively, in fiscal 2000 and $12,680 and $535 in continuing and discontinued operations, respectively, in fiscal 2001, related to the amortization of deferred compensation over the vesting period. In April 2000, the Company changed the exercise price of 2,344 employee stock options to purchase common stock. At September 30, 2000, stock options for the purchase of 370 shares of common stock had been exercised and 146 stock options had been cancelled. At September 30, 2001, stock options for the purchase of 532 shares of common stock had been exercised and 345 stock options had been cancelled. The remaining 1,467 stock options will become exercisable over a four-year period. During the year ended September 30, 2000, the Company recorded $22,654 in deferred compensation and $8,887 and $2,962 of non-cash expense in continuing and discontinued operations, respectively, related to these stock options. During the year ended September 30, 2001, the Company recorded a $15,741 decrease in deferred compensation and $4,496 and $1,449 of non-cash income in continuing and discontinued operations, respectively, related to these stock options due to a decrease in the fair market value of the Company's common stock. Deferred compensation amounts are being amortized over the vesting periods of the
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) applicable stock options. The Company cannot estimate the effect of stock-based compensation related to employee stock options for which the exercise price was changed since determination of variable stock-based compensation expense is based on the fair market value of the Company's common stock in future periods. During the year ended September 30, 2001, the Company recorded $1,092 of deferred compensation related to the acceleration of vesting on 311 stock options to employees upon termination from the Company. The Company has fully amortized the deferred compensation of $1,092 into expense during the year ended September 30, 2001. (12) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN The Company sponsors several defined contribution plans covering substantially all of its employees which are designed to be qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Eligible employees are permitted to contribute to the 401(k) plans through payroll deductions within statutory and plan limits. The Company recorded expense of $13, $0 and $0, related to the plans in the period from January 12, 1999 (date of inception) to September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, respectively. (13) GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION AND MAJOR CUSTOMERS The Company operates in a single industry segment encompassing the design, development, manufacture, marketing, and technical support of networking products and services. In the period ended September 30, 1999, the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001 and the six months ended March 31, 2002, Siemens accounted for approximately 79.9%, 64.4%, 44.8% and 37.3%, respectively, of net revenues. In addition, the Company had two customers who accounted for 28.6% and 19.3% of net revenues for the year ended September 30, 2000. Two other customers accounted for 17.9% and 14.7% of net revenues for the year ended September 30, 2001. In addition, two customers accounted for 37.7% and 13.1% of net revenues for the six months ended March 31, 2002.
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) Geographic revenues, which are attributed to countries based on the location of the customer, are as follows: There were no significant long-lived assets located in foreign countries at September 30, 2000 and 2001, and March 31, 2002. (14) DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS The Company divested its Voice product line pursuant to a definitive agreement signed on April 30, 2002 between the Company and Siemens ICN. The Company distributed net assets of the Voice product line to Castle and sold the stock of Castle to Siemens ICN for $210,000. The $210,000 proceeds were used to pay a $210,000 dividend to Company stockholders in May 2002. Voice is accounted for as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, its net assets and liabilities have been segregated from continuing operations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and its operating results are segregated and reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and cash flows, and related notes. For the period ended September 30, 1999, the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, and the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002, the results of discontinued operations were as follows:
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) The assets and liabilities identified as part of the disposition of Voice are recorded as assets and liabilities of discontinued operations; the cash flow of Voice is reported as net cash used in discontinued operations; and the results of operations of Voice is reported as loss from discontinued operations. Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations consist of the following: (15) SUBSEQUENT EVENT On July 1, 2002, the stock of the Company was sold to Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper") pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger ("Merger Agreement"). The total purchase price was approximately $630,000 including $375,000 in cash and 36,500
UNISPHERE NETWORKS, INC. (An indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (information as of and for the six months ended March 31, 2001 and 2002 is unaudited) shares of Juniper common stock. Additionally, in connection with the terms of the convertible promissory note (See Note 5), the Company converted the balance of the convertible promissory note at July 1, 2002 into 12,657 shares of the company's common stock prior to the sale. Adjustments, if any, related to the sale of the company have not been reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes.
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT The Board of Directors and Stockholders Unisphere Networks, Inc. and Subsidiaries: We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unisphere Networks, Inc. and Subsidiaries (an indirect majority-owned subsidiary of Siemens AG) as of September 30, 2000 and 2001, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows for the period from January 12, 1999 (date of inception) to September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. As discussed in Note 15, the Company was sold to Juniper Networks, Inc. on July 1, 2002. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Unisphere Networks, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2000 and 2001, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the period from January 12, 1999 (date of inception) to September 30, 1999 and for the years ended September 30, 2000 and 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. /s/ KPMG LLP Boston, Massachusetts April 30, 2002, except as to Note 15, which is as of July 1, 2002

Exhibit 99.2 UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information gives effect to the acquisition of Unisphere Networks ("Unisphere") by Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks"). The acquisition will be accounted for under the purchase method of accounting in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 141, "Business Combinations" (SFAS 141). Under the purchase method of accounting, the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. Estimates of the fair values of the assets and liabilities of Unisphere have been combined with the recorded values of the assets and liabilities of Juniper Networks in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information. The purchase price allocation for Unisphere is preliminary and unaudited. These allocations are subject to change pending the completion of an analysis of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The impact of such changes could be material. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2002 gives effect to the Unisphere acquisition as if it occurred on March 31, 2002. The Juniper Networks consolidated balance sheet information included therein was derived from its unaudited March 31, 2002 condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Unisphere consolidated balance sheet information included therein was derived from its unaudited March 31, 2002 consolidated balance sheet. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated statements of operations give pro forma effect to the acquisition as if the transaction was consummated on January 1, 2001. The information included in the 2001 unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated statement of operations includes the condensed consolidated statement of operations of Juniper Networks for the year ended December 31, 2001 and the condensed consolidated statement of operations of Unisphere for the year ended September 30, 2001, which were derived from their respective audited consolidated statements of operations for such years. The information included in the unaudited condensed combined consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2002 was derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations of Juniper Networks and Unisphere for this three-month period. Unisphere's revenues and net loss for the three-month period ended December 31, 2001, which are not presented in the aforementioned unaudited condensed combined consolidated statements of operations, were $60.3 million and $14.2 million, respectively. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information has been prepared by Company management for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the condensed consolidated financial position or results of operations in future periods or the results that actually would have been realized had Juniper Networks and Unisphere been a combined company during the specified periods. The pro forma adjustments are based on the information available at the time of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information, including the notes thereto, is qualified in its entirety by reference to, and should be read in conjunction with, the historical consolidated financial statements of Juniper Networks included in its Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed April 1, 2001 and May 15, 2002, respectively, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the historical consolidated financial statements of Unisphere included as exhibit 99.1 in this Form 8-K.
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET AS OF MARCH 31, 2002 (IN THOUSANDS) See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information.
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 2001 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information.
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2002 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS) See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial information.
NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION BASIS OF PRESENTATION Juniper Networks acquired Unisphere on July 1, 2002 for a total purchase price of approximately $901.3 million in a transaction accounted for as a purchase. Juniper Networks exchanged approximately $375 million of cash and 36.5 million shares of Juniper Networks common stock with a fair value of approximately $359.9 million for all of the outstanding stock of Unisphere. The common stock was valued using Juniper Networks' average closing stock price on the 2 days before and after the transaction was announced, which was $9.86 per share. Juniper Networks also assumed all of the outstanding stock options of Unisphere with a fair value of approximately $151.2 million. The options were valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the inputs of 0.8 for volatility, 2 years for expected life, 4% for the risk-free interest rate and a market value of $9.86 per share as described above. The estimated aggregate purchase price of $901.3 million includes an estimate of the direct costs associated with this transaction aggregating approximately $9.7 million and an estimated liability of approximately $5.5 million associated with the estimated costs of terminating certain employees of Unisphere and other exit activities. During the quarter ending September 30, 2002 Juniper Networks expects to incur additional costs for severance (related to its employees whose positions were eliminated) and other exit costs (related to facilities which will be closed) as a result of the acquisition of Unisphere. These amounts have not been finalized at this time. The acquisition will be accounted for under the purchase method of accounting in accordance with SFAS 141. Under the purchase method of accounting, the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. Preliminary estimates based on management's best estimates of the fair values of the assets and liabilities of Unisphere have been combined with the recorded values of the assets and liabilities of Juniper Networks in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. This allocation is subject to change pending completion of an analysis of the value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The impact of such changes could be material. PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS (1) To reflect the issuance of approximately $375.0 million in cash and 36.5 million shares of Juniper Networks Common Stock and the assumption of all outstanding options in conjunction with the Unisphere acquisition, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $901.3 million, including approximately $15.2 million of estimated transaction and exit costs. (2) To reflect the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired in connection with the Unisphere acquisition. The purchase price allocation is based on management's preliminary estimates of the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets, as well as acquired technology, certain of which has not reached technological feasibility and has no alternative future use. The purchased technology, service contract relationships and non-compete agreements will be amortized on a straight-line basis over two to six years. The backlog valuation, as depicted below, and inventory fair value mark-up of approximately $1.5 million, which is included in the fair value of net tangible assets acquired, will be charged to costs of goods sold over the period they are consumed, which is expected to be within the next six months. Deferred compensation on unvested stock options will be amortized over the vesting period using the graded vesting method. In accordance with SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets", the goodwill will not be amortized. The preliminary allocation of the total purchase price paid for the acquisition is summarized as follows (in thousands):
Fair value of net tangible assets acquired $ 39,897 In-process research and development 82,900 Purchased technology 61,500 Service contract relationships 6,900 Non-compete agreements 2,400 Order backlog 3,600 Goodwill 703,591 Deferred compensation on unvested stock options 499 --------- Total $ 901,287 =========
(3) To reflect the elimination of the stockholders' equity accounts (including deferred stock compensation and accumulated other comprehensive loss), discontinued operation accounts (which were not purchased by Juniper Networks), goodwill and amortization of goodwill of Unisphere. In addition, the convertible promissory notes and notes receivable from officers were eliminated because the convertible promissory notes converted to 12,657 shares of Unisphere common stock prior to the acquisition and the notes receivable from officers were forgiven by Unisphere's former parent company prior to the acquisition of Unisphere by Juniper Networks. There were no transactions between Juniper Networks and Unisphere during the periods presented in the accompanying unaudited condensed combined financial statements. (4) Juniper Networks will record an immediate write-off of in-process research and development at the consummation of the acquisition. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not include the charge for in-process research and development of approximately $82.9 million since it is considered a non-recurring charge. The charge will be recorded by Juniper Networks in the three months ended September 30, 2002. (5) To reflect the effect on interest income for approximately $375 million of cash paid by Juniper Networks. PRO FORMA NET LOSS PER SHARE The unaudited pro forma combined basic net loss per share is based upon the weighted average number of outstanding shares of common stock of Juniper Networks during the periods presented, plus the number of vested shares issued to consummate the acquisition of Unisphere as if the acquisition occurred on January 1, 2001. The unaudited pro forma combined diluted net loss per share is the same as the unaudited pro forma combined basic net loss per share as all common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive due to the loss position. RECLASSIFICATIONS Certain amounts in Unisphere's historical condensed financial information have been reclassified to conform to Juniper Networks' historical financial statement presentation.

EXHIBIT 99.4 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Scott Kriens, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Current Report of Juniper Networks, Inc. on Form 8-K dated August 13, 2002 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Current Report on Form 8-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Juniper Networks, Inc. By: /s/ Scott Kriens ------------------------------- Name: Scott Kriens Title: Chief Executive Officer I, Marcel Gani, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Current Report of Juniper Networks, Inc. on Form 8-K dated August 13, 2002 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Current Report on Form 8-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Juniper Networks, Inc. By: /s/ Marcel Gani ------------------------------- Name: Marcel Gani Title: Chief Financial Officer


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20030410162042.txt.gz
TIME:20030410162042
EVENTS:	Financial statements and exhibits	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits
(c) Exhibits
Item 9. Regulation FD Disclosure (Information Provided Under Item 12 Disclosure of Results of Operations and Financial Condition)
     On April 10, 2003, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") is issuing a press release and holding a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2003. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Juniper Networks is making forward-looking statements regarding 2003 during the conference call and is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expenses. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expenses that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators management uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 99.1 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS: PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACTS: Randi Paikoff Feigin Kathy Durr Tel: 408-745-2371 Tel: 408-745-5058 randi@juniper.net kdurr@juniper.net JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. REPORTS Q1'03 FINANCIAL RESULTS NET REVENUE $157.2M; GAAP EPS $0.01; NON-GAAP EPS $0.02 Sunnyvale, CA - April 10, 2003 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its first quarter results for the period ending March 31, 2003. Net revenues for the first quarter were $157.2 million, compared with $122.2 million for the same period last year, an increase of 29%. GAAP net income for the first quarter was $3.7 million or $0.01 per share, compared with a net loss of $46.0 million or $0.14 per share in the first quarter of 2002. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation and a gain on the sale of investments, was $6.3 million or $0.02 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $0.4 million or $0.00 per share in the first quarter of 2002. Cash provided by operations was $12.4 million for the first quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $12.0 million in the first quarter of 2002. "The first quarter was solid," said Scott Kriens, Chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "We are in a unique position to help our customers transform their business of networking." ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity - - bandwidth - into a dependable, secure, and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net. Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. Broadband Cable Processor, ERX, ESP, G1, G10, G-series, Internet Processor, JUNOS, JUNOScript, M5, M10, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, ServiceGuard, T320, T640, T-series, UMC, and Unison are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's SEC filings, including its most recent Form 10K. 1
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) (A) The balance sheet at December 31, 2002 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date. 2
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) 3
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. NON-GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (1) (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) (1) The non-GAAP statements exclude the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, the gain from the sale of investments and the impairment write-down of investments in all applicable periods. See reconciliation to GAAP information on page 5. 4
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP TO GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands) 5
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) (unaudited) 6


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20030528152430.txt.gz
TIME:20030528152430
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
Item 5. Other Events
     On May 27, 2003, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") issued the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. On May 28, 2003, the Company issued the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.2 to this report.
Item 7. Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

 
Exhibit 99.1
Juniper Networks, Inc. Offers $350 Million in Senior Convertible Notes
SUNNYVALE, CA  May 27, 2003  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today announced that it has agreed to sell 5-year zero-coupon senior convertible notes resulting in gross proceeds of $350 million, in a private offering. The notes will be convertible, under certain circumstances, into common stock of Juniper Networks. The initial purchaser of the notes will have an option to purchase additional notes which would result in additional gross proceeds to Juniper Networks of up to $50 million. Juniper Networks expects to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions and repurchases of its outstanding subordinated notes or its common stock.
This notice does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, securities. Any offers of the securities will be made only by means of a private offering circular. The notes and the shares of common stock of Juniper Networks issuable upon conversion of the notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity  bandwidth  into a dependable, secure, and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. Broadband Cable Processor, ERX, ESP, G1, G10, G-series, Internet Processor, JUNOS, JUNOScript, M5, M10, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, ServiceGuard, T320, T640, T-series, UMC, and Unison are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's SEC filings, including its most recent Form 10K.

 
EXHIBIT 99.2
Juniper Networks Prices $350M Senior Convertible Notes Due 2008
SUNNYVALE, CA  May 28, 2003  Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) today announced the pricing of $350 million of Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes Due June 15, 2008 in a private offering. The initial purchaser of the Notes will have an option to purchase up to $50 million of additional notes. The sale of the Notes is expected to close on June 2, 2003.
The Notes will not bear interest and will have a zero yield-to-maturity. They will be convertible, subject to certain conditions, into Juniper Networks common stock at a conversion price of approximately $20.14 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events. This represents a 45 percent conversion premium based on the closing price of $13.89 of Juniper Networks common stock on May 27, 2003. Each $1,000 principal amount at maturity will initially be convertible into 49.6512 shares of Juniper Networks common stock. Juniper Networks may not redeem the Notes prior to their maturity.
The Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Notes were placed in a private transaction pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933. Neither the Notes nor the common stock have been registered under the Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Act.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20030604114855.txt.gz
TIME:20030604114855
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 5. Other Events
     On June 3, 2003, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") issued the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Item 7. Exhibits
     
(c)  Exhibits
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 99.1 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS: PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACTS: Randi Paikoff Feigin Kathy Durr Tel: 408-745-2371 Tel: 408-745-5058 randi@juniper.net kdurr@juniper.net ADDITIONAL ZERO COUPON CONVERTIBLE SENIOR NOTES Sunnyvale, CA - June 3, 2003 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today announced that the initial purchaser has exercised its option to acquire an additional $50 million principal amount of zero coupon convertible senior notes due 2008. The notes will be convertible, under certain circumstances, into common stock of Juniper Networks. Juniper Networks expects to use the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions and repurchases of its outstanding subordinated notes or its common stock. This notice does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, securities. Any offers of the securities will be made only by means of a private offering circular. The notes and the shares of common stock of Juniper Networks issuable upon conversion of the notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20030710163654.txt.gz
TIME:20030710163654
EVENTS:	Financial statements and exhibits	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (c)  Exhibits
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
     On July 10, 2003, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") is issuing a press release and holding a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2003. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Juniper Networks is making forward-looking statements regarding 2003 during the conference call and is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators management uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 99.1 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACT: RANDI PAIKOFF FEIGIN KATHY DURR Tel: 408-745-2371 Tel: 408-745-5058 randi@juniper.net kdurr@juniper.net JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. REPORTS Q2'03 FINANCIAL RESULTS NET REVENUE $165.1M; GAAP EPS $0.03; NON-GAAP EPS $0.03 Sunnyvale, CA - July 10, 2003 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its second quarter results for the period ending June 30, 2003. Net revenues for the second quarter were $165.1 million, compared with $117.0 million for the same period last year, an increase of 41 percent. GAAP net income for the second quarter was $13.6 million or $0.03 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $6.2 million or $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2002. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes an adjustment to the purchase price of an acquisition, the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation, the gain on the sale of investments and the gain on the partial retirement of the convertible subordinated notes was $10.3 million or $0.03 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $0.4 million or $0.00 per share in the second quarter of 2002. Net revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2003 were $322.3 million, compared with $239.3 million for the same period last year, an increase of 35 percent. GAAP net income for the six months ended June 30, 2003 was $17.3 million or $0.04 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $39.8 million or $0.12 per share for the same period last year. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes an adjustment to the purchase price of an acquisition, the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation, the gain on the sale of investments, the write-down of investments and the gain on the partial retirement of the convertible subordinated notes was $16.6 million or $0.04 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $0.8 million or $0.00 per share for the same period last year. Cash provided by operations was $60.3 million for the second quarter, which brings cash provided by operations for the six months ended June 30, 2003 to $72.7 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $39.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2002. "The second quarter was strong," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "We continue to be encouraged by both the broadband momentum around the world as well as the sound financial footing of Juniper Networks in the marketplace." Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 10, 2003 at 1:45 p.m. PT/4:45 p.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. In addition, there will be an audio replay available through August 10, 2003 at http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html or you can call the replay at 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140) and enter the reservation number, 21154140, through July 17, 2003. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends. 1
ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity - - bandwidth - into a dependable, secure, and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net. Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. Broadband Cable Processor, ERX, ESP, E-series, G1, G10, G-series, Internet Processor, Juniper Your Net, JUNOS, JUNOScript, M5, M10, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, ServiceGuard, T320, T640, T-series, UMC, and Unison are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's SEC filings, including its most recent Form 10K. 2
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) (A) The balance sheet at December 31, 2002 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date. 3
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) (1) Amortization of deferred stock compensation relates to the following cost and expense categories by period:
Cost of revenues $ 130 $ 291 $ 239 $ 633 Research and development 1,850 (8,031) 3,512 3,159 Sales and marketing 373 (610) 700 1,096 General and administrative 147 342 269 733 ------ ------- ------ ------ Total $2,500 $(8,008) $4,720 $5,621 ====== ======= ====== ======
4
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. NON-GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (1) (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) (1) The non-GAAP statements exclude an adjustment to the purchase price of an acquisition, the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, the gain from the sale of investments, the impairment write-down of investments and the gain on the retirement of convertible subordinated notes. See reconciliation to GAAP information below. 5
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP TO GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands) 6
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) (unaudited) 7


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20031009163312.txt.gz
TIME:20031009163312
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (c)  Exhibits
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
     On October 9, 2003, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") is issuing a press release and holding a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2003. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Juniper Networks is making forward-looking statements regarding 2003 during the conference call and is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators management uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 99.1 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACT: RANDI PAIKOFF FEIGIN KATHY DURR Tel: 408-745-2371 Tel: 408-745-5058 randi@juniper.net kdurr@juniper.net JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. REPORTS Q3'03 FINANCIAL RESULTS NET REVENUE $172.1M; GAAP EPS $0.02; NON-GAAP EPS $0.04 Sunnyvale, CA - October 9, 2003 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its third quarter results for the period ending September 30, 2003. Net revenues for the third quarter were $172.1 million, compared with $152.0 million for the same period last year, an increase of 13 percent. GAAP net income for the third quarter was $7.2 million or $0.02 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $88.3 million or $0.24 per share in the third quarter of 2002. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes restructuring expenses, in-process research and development expenses, integration expenses, the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation, the write-down of investments and the gain on the partial retirement of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes was $14.7 million or $0.04 per share, compared with non-GAAP net loss of $8.4 million or $0.02 per share in the third quarter of 2002. Net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2003 were $494.4 million, compared with $391.3 million for the same period last year, an increase of 26 percent. GAAP net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2003 was $24.5 million or $0.06 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $128.1 million or $0.37 per share for the same period last year. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes an adjustment to the purchase price of an acquisition, restructuring expenses, in-process research and development expenses, integration expenses, the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation, the gain on the sale of investments, the write-down of investments and the gain on the partial retirement of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes was $31.3 million or $0.08 per share, compared with non-GAAP net loss of $7.5 million or $0.02 per share for the same period last year. Cash provided by operations was $42.9 million for the third quarter, which brings cash provided by operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2003 to $115.6 million, compared to cash used in operations of $3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2002. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the third quarter were $4.6 million and $11.1 million respectively. "The quarter was once again strong, confirmed by all marketplace and financial metrics," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "Juniper continues to benefit immensely from the alignment we have built with the business and networking strategy of our customers." Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 9, 2003 at 1:45 p.m. PT/4:45 p.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. In addition, there will be an audio replay available through November 9, 2003 at http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html or you can call the replay at 1
800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140) and enter the reservation number, 21162087, through October 16, 2003. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends. ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity - - bandwidth - into a dependable, secure, and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net. Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. Broadband Cable Processor, ERX, ESP, E-series, G1, G10, G-series, Internet Processor, Juniper Your Net, JUNOS, JUNOScript, M5, M10, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, ServiceGuard, T320, T640, T-series, UMC, and Unison are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's SEC filings, including its most recent Form 10K. 2
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) (A) The balance sheet at December 31, 2002 has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements at that date. 3
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) 4
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. NON-GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (1) (in thousands, except per share amounts) (unaudited) (1) The non-GAAP statements exclude an adjustment to the purchase price of an acquisition, the restructuring expenses, the in-process research and development expenses, the integration expenses, the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, the gain from the sale of investments, the impairment write-down of investments and the gain on the retirement of convertible subordinated notes. See reconciliation to GAAP information below. 5
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP TO GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands) 6
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) (unaudited) 7


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20040115163222.txt.gz
TIME:20040115163222
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (c) Exhibits
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
     On January 15, 2004, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") is issuing a press release and holding a conference call regarding its financial results for the fourth quarter and annual periods ending December 31, 2003. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Juniper Networks is making forward-looking statements regarding 2004 during the conference call and is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators management uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 99.1 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACT: RANDI PAIKOFF FEIGIN KATHY DURR Tel: 408-745-2371 Tel: 408-745-5058 randi@juniper.net kdurr@juniper.net JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. REPORTS Q4'03 AND YEAR END 2003 FINANCIAL RESULTS Q4'03 NET REVENUE $207.0M; GAAP EPS $0.04; NON-GAAP EPS $0.07 2003 NET REVENUE $701.4M; GAAP EPS $0.10; NON-GAAP EPS $0.15 Sunnyvale, CA - January 15, 2004 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the fourth quarter and annual periods ending December 31, 2003. Net revenues for the fourth quarter were $207.0 million, compared with $155.3 million for the same period last year, an increase of 33 percent. GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $14.7 million or $0.04 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $8.5 million or $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter of 2002. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes restructuring expenses, the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation, and the loss on the partial retirement of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes was $27.7 million or $0.07 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $2.7 million or $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter of 2002. Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2003 were $701.4 million, compared with $546.5 million for year ended December 31, 2002, an increase of 28 percent. GAAP net income for the year ended December 31, 2003 was $39.2 million or $0.10 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $119.7 million or $0.34 per share for the same period last year. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes restructuring expenses, in-process research and development expenses, integration expenses, the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation, an adjustment to the purchase price of an acquisition, the gain on the sale of investments, the write-down of investments and the gain (loss) on the partial retirement of the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes was $59.0 million or $0.15 per share, compared with non-GAAP net loss of $4.8 million or $0.01 per share for the same period last year. Cash provided by operations was $62.9 million for the fourth quarter, which brings cash provided by operations for the year ended December 31, 2003 to $178.6 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2002. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the fourth quarter were $5.3 million and $8.2 million respectively. "The fourth quarter was exceptionally strong, and the value Juniper brings to market is clearly reflected in all aspects of our financial results," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "We are pleased with our progress throughout 2003, and encouraged by the confidence our customers have placed in Juniper as we look forward to 2004." Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 15, 2004 at 1:45 p.m. PT/4:45 p.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. In addition, there will be an audio replay available at http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html or you can call the replay at 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140) and enter the reservation number, 21180428, through January 22, 2004. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends. ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. - 1 -
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity - - bandwidth - into a dependable, secure and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information-intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. The Infranet Initiative uses Juniper Networks MINT (Model for InfraNet Transformation) as its underlying framework. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net. Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. ERX, ESP, E-series, Internet Processor, J-Protect, JUNOS, JUNOScript, JUNOSe, M5, M7i, M10, M10i, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, T320, T640, and T-series are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners. This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that if they ever materialize or prove incorrect, could cause the results of Juniper Networks to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including but not limited to any projections of earnings, revenues, margins, synergies or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing; and other risks that are described from time to time in Securities and Exchange Commission reports filed after Juniper Networks' Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003. Juniper Networks assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. - 2 -
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) - 3 -
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts) - 4 -
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. NON-GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS (1) (in thousands, except per share amounts) (1) The non-GAAP statements exclude the restructuring expenses, the in-process research and development expenses, the integration expenses, the impact of the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, an adjustment to the purchase price of an acquisition, the gain from the sale of investments, the impairment write-down of investments and the gain (loss) on the retirement of convertible subordinated notes. See reconciliation to GAAP information below. - 5 -
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP TO GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands) - 6 -
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) - 7 -


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20040209163401.txt.gz
TIME:20040209163401
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 5. Other Events.
     On February 9, 2004, Juniper Networks, Inc. announced that it has agreed to acquire NetScreen Technologies, Inc. in a stock for stock merger transaction. Juniper Networks stock will be exchanged for NetScreen Technologies stock at a fixed exchange ratio of 1.404 shares of Juniper Networks common stock for each outstanding share of NetScreen Technologies common stock. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of calendar year 2004 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by the stockholders of both companies and regulatory approvals. A copy of the joint press release issued by Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies on February 9, 2004 concerning the foregoing transaction is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
     (c) Exhibits.
Table of Contents
================================================================================
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
Sunnyvale, CA  February 9, 2004  Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) has signed an agreement to acquire NetScreen Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: NSCN), in a stock for stock merger transaction. Based upon Juniper Networks closing stock price of $29.47 on February 6, 2004, the deal has an approximate value of $4 billion. Juniper Networks stock will be exchanged for NetScreen Technologies stock at a fixed exchange ratio of 1.404 shares of Juniper Networks common stock for each outstanding share of NetScreen Technologies common stock. The combined company will provide customers with mission critical networking requirements, including security, reliability and performance, each simultaneously without compromise.
The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of calendar year 2004 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by the stockholders of both companies and regulatory approvals. Upon closing, the transaction would be accretive to Juniper Networks on a non-GAAP basis, excluding purchase accounting adjustments.
"This is a combination of two strong companies. Both Juniper and NetScreen have proven their ability to execute separately, and together we will accelerate our ability to serve an expanded market with complementary best in class solutions," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "Our collective customers have told us security, reliability and performance are mission critical to their network users, and together we will deliver a compelling response to their needs."
"The NetScreen Technologies team is excited to be a part of the Juniper Networks franchise," said Robert Thomas, president and CEO, NetScreen Technologies. "Our delivery of purpose built security solutions complements Juniper Networks IP networking market leadership."
 
Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies will host a conference call web cast today, February 9, 2004 at 6:00 a.m. PT/9:00 a.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/announcement.html or http://ir.netscreen.com/ireye/ir_site.zhtml?ticker=nscn&script=2100. In addition, you can listen live by calling 800-729-7116 or 303-957-1355. There will be an audio replay available at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/announcement.html or http://ir.netscreen.com/ireye/ir_site.zhtml?ticker=nscn&script=2100. You can also call the replay at 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140) and enter the reservation number, 21185509, through February 16, 2004. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity  bandwidth  into a dependable, secure and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information-intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. The Infranet Initiative uses Juniper Networks MINT (Model for InfraNet Transformation) as its underlying framework. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net.
About NetScreen Technologies
NetScreen Technologies, Inc., is a leading developer of network security and access solutions for enterprises and carriers worldwide. NetScreen's solutions offer customers multiple layers of network and application-level protection in purpose-built appliances and systems that meet customers' security, performance and total cost of ownership objectives. NetScreen is located at 805 11th Ave., Sunnyvale, Calif., 94089. More information on NetScreen's products can be found at <http://www.netscreen.com> or by calling toll free at 1-800-638-8296.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws including, without limitation, statements regarding the following: the merger transaction and the benefits and synergies of the merger; the timing of the closing of the transaction; the expectation that the transaction would be accretive to Juniper Networks; and the markets, customers, products and technologies of the combined company. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions that could cause the actual results of Juniper Networks to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the following: the approval of the transaction by the stockholders of Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies; the satisfaction of closing conditions to the transaction, including the receipt of regulatory approvals; the successful and timely integration of NetScreen Technologies operations, technologies and employees with those of Juniper Networks; the ability to realize the anticipated benefits or synergies of the transaction in a timely manner or at all; fluctuations in the demand for the products of the combined company; possible development or marketing delays relating to product offerings of the combined company; the introduction of new products or technologies by competitors; and the ability of the combined company to achieve expected operating and financial results. A detailed discussion of other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included Juniper Networks' and NetScreen Technologies most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies undertake no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after this press release.
 
Additional Information And Where To Find It
Juniper Networks, Inc. and NetScreen Technologies, Inc. intend to file a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a joint proxy statement/prospectus in connection with the merger transaction involving Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies. Investors and security holders are urged to read this filing when it becomes available because it will contain important information about the merger. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents (when they are available) and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission's web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Juniper Networks by contacting Juniper Networks Investor Relations at 888-JUNIPER (888-586-4737) or 408-745-2000. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by NetScreen Technologies by contacting NetScreen Technologies Investor Relations at 408-543-2100.
Juniper Networks and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies in connection with the merger. Information regarding the special interests of these directors and executive officers in the merger will be included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus of Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies described above. Additional information regarding the directors and executive officers of Juniper Networks is also included in Juniper Networks's proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2003. This document is available free of charge at the Securities and Exchange Commission's web site at www.sec.gov and from Juniper Networks by contacting Juniper Networks Investor Relations at 888-JUNIPER (888-586-4737) or 408-745-2000.
NetScreen Technologies and its directors and executive officers also may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of NetScreen Technologies and Juniper Networks in connection with the merger. Information regarding the special interests of these directors and executive officers in the merger will be included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus of Juniper Networks and NetScreen Technologies described above. Additional information regarding these directors and executive officers is also included in NetScreen Technologies proxy statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2004. This document is available free of charge at the Securities and Exchange Commission's web site at www.sec.gov and from NetScreen Technologies by contacting NetScreen Technologies Investor Relations at 408-543-2100.
Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. ERX, ESP, E-series, Internet Processor, J-Protect, JUNOS, JUNOScript, JUNOSe, M5, M7i, M10, M10i, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, T320, T640, and T-series are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc.
NetScreen and the NetScreen logo are trademarks of NetScreen Technologies, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20040212171940.txt.gz
TIME:20040212171940
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 5. Other Events.
     On Feburary 9, 2004, Juniper Networks, Inc., Nerus Acquisition Corp. and NetScreen Technologies, Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, Juniper Networks stock will be exchanged for NetScreen Technologies stock at a fixed exchange ratio of 1.404 shares of Juniper Networks common stock for each outstanding share of NetScreen Technologies common stock. The acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of calendar year 2004 and is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by the stockholders of both companies and regulatory approvals. A copy of the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
     (c) Exhibits.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 99.1 AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION BY AND AMONG JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC., NERUS ACQUISITION CORP. AND NETSCREEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 9, 2004
TABLE OF CONTENTS -ii-
2.25 Company Affiliates......................................................... 29 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB.......................... 29 3.1 Incorporation and Qualification............................................ 29 3.2 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.................................... 30 3.3 Capitalization............................................................. 30 3.4 Parent Common Stock........................................................ 31 3.5 Authority Relative to this Agreement....................................... 31 3.6 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents................................. 31 3.7 Compliance; Permits........................................................ 32 3.8 SEC Filings; Financial Statements.......................................... 33 3.9 No Undisclosed Liabilities................................................. 34 3.10 Absence of Certain Changes or Events....................................... 34 3.11 Absence of Litigation...................................................... 35 3.12 Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus................... 35 3.13 Operations of Merger Sub................................................... 35 3.14 Brokers.................................................................... 35 3.15 Opinion of Financial Advisor............................................... 35 3.16 Intellectual Property...................................................... 36 3.17 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments...................................... 36 3.18 Board Approval............................................................. 36 3.19 Vote Required.............................................................. 37 ARTICLE IV CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME............................................... 37 4.1 Conduct of Business by Company............................................. 37 4.2 Conduct of Business by Parent.............................................. 40 ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS.............................................................. 41 5.1 Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement................... 41 5.2 Stockholder Meetings; Board Recommendations................................ 42 5.3 Company Acquisition Proposals.............................................. 44 5.4 Parent Takeover Proposals.................................................. 47 5.5 Confidentiality; Access to Information..................................... 47 5.6 Public Disclosure.......................................................... 48 5.7 Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Notification.............................. 48 5.8 Third Party Consents....................................................... 49 5.9 Stock Options; 401(k) Plan; Company Employee Plan Matters.................. 50 5.10 Form S-8................................................................... 51 5.11 Indemnification............................................................ 51 5.12 Nasdaq Listing............................................................. 52 5.13 Affiliates................................................................. 52 5.14 Section 16 Matters......................................................... 52 5.15 Regulatory Filings......................................................... 52 5.16 Parent Board Designees..................................................... 53 5.17 Merger Sub Compliance...................................................... 53
-ii-
ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER.......................................................... 54 6.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger............... 54 6.2 Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company............................ 55 6.3 Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub.......... 55 ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER................................................ 57 7.1 Termination................................................................ 57 7.2 Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination............................... 58 7.3 Fees and Expenses.......................................................... 59 7.4 Amendment.................................................................. 60 7.5 Extension; Waiver.......................................................... 60 ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS.............................................................. 60 8.1 Survival of Representations and Warranties................................. 60 8.2 Notices.................................................................... 60 8.3 Interpretation; Definitions................................................ 62 8.4 Counterparts............................................................... 63 8.5 Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries................................ 63 8.6 Severability............................................................... 63 8.7 Other Remedies; Specific Performance....................................... 63 8.8 Governing Law.............................................................. 64 8.9 Consent to Jurisdiction.................................................... 64 8.10 Rules of Construction...................................................... 64 8.11 Assignment................................................................. 64 8.12 Timing..................................................................... 64 8.13 Waiver of Jury Trial....................................................... 64
INDEX OF EXHIBITS Exhibit A-1 Form of Company Voting Agreement Exhibit A-2 Form of Parent Voting Agreement Exhibit B Form of Company Affiliate Agreement -iii-
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION is made and entered into as of February 9, 2004, by and among Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("PARENT"), Nerus Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ("MERGER SUB"), and NetScreen Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("COMPANY"). RECITALS A. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement (as defined in Section 1.2) and in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DELAWARE LAW"), Parent and Company intend to enter into a business combination transaction. B. The Board of Directors of Company has unanimously (i) determined that the Merger (as defined in Section 1.1) is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Company and fair to, and in the best interests of, Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and has approved the Merger (as defined in Section 1.1) and the other transactions contemplated hereby and (iii) determined to recommend that the stockholders of Company adopt this Agreement. C. The Board of Directors of Parent (i) has determined that the Merger is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Parent and is fair to, and in the best interests of, Parent and its stockholders, (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iii) has determined to recommend that the stockholders of Parent approve the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock (as defined in Section 1.6(a)) pursuant to the Merger (the "SHARE ISSUANCE"). D. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, (i) as a condition and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain affiliates of Company are entering into Voting Agreements in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-1 (the "COMPANY VOTING AGREEMENTS") and (ii) as a condition and inducement to Company's willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain affiliates of Parent are entering into Voting Agreements in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A-2 (the "PARENT VOTING AGREEMENTS"). E. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, as a condition and inducement to Parent's willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain affiliates of Company are entering into Affiliate Agreements in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the "COMPANY AFFILIATE AGREEMENTS"). F. The parties intend, by executing this Agreement, to adopt a plan of reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "CODE").
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, promises and representations set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE I THE MERGER 1.1 The Merger. At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 1.2), and subject to and upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the applicable provisions of Delaware Law, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into Company (the "MERGER"), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall cease, and Company shall continue as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Company as the surviving corporation after the Merger is hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "SURVIVING CORPORATION." 1.2 Effective Time; Closing. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the parties hereto shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger, and such other articles, certificates or other appropriate filing documents with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the relevant provisions of Delaware Law (collectively, the "CERTIFICATE OF MERGER") (the time of such filing (or such later time as may be agreed in writing by Company and Parent and specified in the Certificate of Merger) being the "EFFECTIVE TIME") as soon as practicable on or after the Closing Date (as herein defined). Unless the context otherwise requires, the term "AGREEMENT" as used herein refers collectively to this Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and the Certificate of Merger. The closing of the Merger (the "CLOSING") shall take place at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, California at a time and date to be specified by the parties, which shall be no later than the second business day after the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VI (other than those conditions which, by their terms, are to be satisfied or waived at the Closing), or at such other time, date and location as the parties hereto agree in writing (the "CLOSING DATE"). 1.3 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of Delaware Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time, all the property, rights, privileges, powers, and franchises of Company and Merger Sub shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of Company and Merger Sub shall become the debts, liabilities, and duties of the Surviving Corporation. 1.4 Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws. (a) At the Effective Time, the Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended as provided by law and such Certificate of Incorporation; provided, however, that at the Effective Time the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be changed to NetScreen Technologies, Inc. -2-
(b) At the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated to be identical to those in effect for Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time until thereafter amended. 1.5 Directors and Officers. The initial directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified. The initial officers of the Surviving Corporation shall be the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly appointed. 1.6 Effect on Capital Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Merger Sub, Company or the holders of any of the following securities, the following shall occur: (a) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Each share of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of Company (the "COMPANY COMMON STOCK") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than any shares of Company Common Stock to be cancelled pursuant to Section 1.6(b), will be cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted (subject to Sections 1.6(e) and (f)) into the right to receive that number of shares of Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share, of Parent (the "PARENT COMMON STOCK") equal to 1.404 (the "EXCHANGE RATIO"), upon surrender of the certificate representing such share of Company Common Stock in the manner provided in Section 1.7 (or in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, upon delivery of an affidavit (and bond, if required) in the manner provided in Section 1.9). If any shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time are unvested or are subject to a repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition under any applicable restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with Company, then the shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange for such shares of Company Common Stock will also be unvested and subject to the same repurchase option, risk of forfeiture or other condition, and the certificates representing such shares of Parent Common Stock may accordingly be marked with appropriate legends. Company shall take all action that may be necessary to ensure that, from and after the Effective Time, Parent is entitled to exercise any such repurchase option or other right set forth in any such restricted stock purchase agreement or other agreement with Company. (b) Cancellation of Company-Owned and Parent-Owned Stock. Each share of Company Common Stock held by Company or owned by Merger Sub, Parent or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Company or of Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled and extinguished without any conversion thereof. (c) Stock Options. At the Effective Time, all options to purchase Company Common Stock then outstanding under each of Company's 1997 Equity Incentive Plan, 2001 Equity Incentive Plan, OneSecure, Inc. 2000 Stock Option/Stock Issuance Plan, Neoteris 2001 Stock Plan, 2002 Stock Option Plan and any other plan or agreement pursuant to which options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock have been granted or are outstanding following their assumption by -3-
Company (collectively, the "COMPANY OPTION PLANS") shall be assumed by Parent in accordance with Section 5.9. Rights outstanding under Company's 2001 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "COMPANY ESPP") shall be treated as set forth in Section 5.9. (d) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each share of Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share, of Merger Sub (the "MERGER SUB COMMON STOCK") issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock, $0.00001 par value per share, of the Surviving Corporation. Each certificate evidencing ownership of shares of Merger Sub Common Stock shall evidence ownership of such shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation. (e) Adjustments to Exchange Ratio. The Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted to reflect appropriately the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification or other like change with respect to Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time. (f) Fractional Shares. Shares evidencing the right to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock that otherwise would be received by such holder) will not be delivered to former holders of Company Common Stock who surrender such Company Common Stock for exchange. Each former holder of shares of Company Common Stock who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock (after aggregating all fractional shares of Parent Common Stock to be received by such holder) shall receive from the Exchange Agent (as defined in Section 1.7) an amount of cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent) equal to the product of (i) such fraction of a share of Parent Common Stock, multiplied by (ii) the average closing price of Parent Common Stock, as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market's National Market ("NASDAQ"), for the five (5) trading days ending on and including the last full trading day prior to the Effective Time. 1.7 Surrender of Certificates; Payment of Cash and Stock Consideration. (a) Exchange Agent. Parent shall select a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to Company to act as the exchange agent (the "EXCHANGE AGENT") in the Merger. (b) Parent to Provide Common Stock and, if Applicable, Cash Consideration. Prior to or promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall enter into an agreement with the Exchange Agent, which shall provide that, promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall make available to the Exchange Agent, for exchange in accordance with this Article I, (i) the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1.6 in exchange for outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, (ii) cash in an amount sufficient for payment in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f), and (iii) any dividends or distributions to which holders of shares of Company Common Stock may be entitled pursuant to Section 1.7(d). -4-
(c) Exchange Procedures. As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record (as of the Effective Time) of a certificate or certificates (the "CERTIFICATES"), which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock which shares were converted into the right to receive shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 1.6, the right to receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f), and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section 1.7(d), (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall contain such other provisions as Parent may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates in exchange for certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock, cash in lieu of any fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section 1.7(d). Upon surrender of Certificates for cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by Parent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, the holders of such Certificates shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor certificates representing the number of whole shares of Parent Common Stock into which their shares of Company Common Stock were converted at the Effective Time, payment in lieu of fractional shares which such holders have the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d), and the Certificates so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. Until so surrendered, outstanding Certificates will be deemed from and after the Effective Time, for all corporate purposes to evidence only the ownership of the number of full shares of Parent Common Stock into which such shares of Company Common Stock shall have been so converted, the right to receive an amount in cash in lieu of the issuance of any fractional shares in accordance with Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d). (d) Distributions With Respect to Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions declared or made after the date of this Agreement with respect to Parent Common Stock with a record date after the Effective Time will be paid to the holders of any unsurrendered Certificate(s) with respect to the shares of Parent Common Stock represented thereby until the holders of record of such Certificate(s) shall surrender such Certificate(s). Subject to applicable law, following surrender of any such Certificate(s), the Exchange Agent shall deliver to the record holders thereof, without interest, (i) a certificate(s) representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange therefor along with payment in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and the amount of any such dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock and (ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time and a payment date subsequent to such surrender payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock. (e) Transfers of Ownership. If any certificate representing shares of Parent Common Stock is to be issued in a name other than that in which the Certificate surrendered in exchange therefor is registered, it will be a condition of the issuance thereof that the Certificate so surrendered will be properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for transfer and that the persons requesting -5-
such exchange will have paid to Parent or any agent designated by it any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the issuance of certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock in any name other than that of the registered holder of the Certificates surrendered, or established to the satisfaction of Parent or any agent designated by it that such tax has been paid or is not payable. (f) Required Withholding. Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent, and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or former holder of Company Common Stock such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or under any provision of state, local or foreign tax law or under any other applicable legal requirement. To the extent such amounts are so deducted or withheld, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been paid. (g) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.7, none of the Exchange Agent, Parent, the Surviving Corporation, or any party hereto shall be liable to a holder of shares of Parent Common Stock or Company Common Stock for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat, or similar law. 1.8 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. All shares of Parent Common Stock issued in exchange for shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with the terms hereof (together with any cash paid in respect thereof pursuant to Sections 1.6(f) and 1.7(d)) shall be deemed to have been issued in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Company Common Stock, and there shall be no further registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock which were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates are presented to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they shall be cancelled and exchanged as provided in this Article I. 1.9 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event that any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Exchange Agent shall issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, a certificate representing the shares of Parent Common Stock into which the shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificates was converted pursuant to Section 1.6, cash for fractional shares, if any, as may be required pursuant to Section 1.6(f) and any dividends or distributions payable pursuant to Section 1.7(d); provided, however, that Parent may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance of such certificates representing shares of Parent Common Stock and other distributions, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate to deliver a bond in such sum as it may reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Surviving Corporation, or the Exchange Agent with respect to the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed. -6-
1.10 Tax Consequences. It is intended by the parties hereto that the Merger shall constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code. The parties hereto adopt this Agreement as a "plan of reorganization" within the meaning of Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3(a) of the United States Income Tax Regulations. 1.11 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title, and possession to all assets, property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Company and Merger Sub, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation are fully authorized to take, and will take, all such lawful and necessary action. ARTICLE II REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF COMPANY Company represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub, subject to such exceptions as are specifically disclosed in writing in the disclosure letter and schedules thereto (which exceptions shall reference the specific section and, if applicable, subsection number of this Article II to which it applies, and any information disclosed in any such section or subsection shall be deemed to be disclosed only for purposes of such section or subsection, except to the extent it is readily apparent that the disclosure contained in such section or subsection contains enough information regarding the subject matter of other representations and warranties contained in this Article II so as to qualify or otherwise apply to such other representations and warranties), dated as of the date hereof (the "COMPANY SCHEDULE"), as follows: 2.1 Incorporation and Qualification; Subsidiaries. (a) Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Each of Company's subsidiaries is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. Each of Company and its subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, consents, certificates, approvals and orders ("APPROVALS") necessary to own, operate or lease the properties it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to have such Approvals has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 8.3(b)(ii)) on Company. Each of Company and its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except -7-
where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good standing has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Company. (b) Company has no subsidiaries except for the corporations identified in Section 2.1(b) of the Company Schedule. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has agreed to make or is obligated to make or is bound by any written or oral agreement, contract, subcontract, lease, permit, franchise, binding understanding, instrument, note, option, warranty, purchase order, license, sublicense, indenture, insurance policy, benefit plan, or legally binding commitment or undertaking of any nature, as of the date hereof or as may hereafter be in effect (a "CONTRACT") under which it may become obligated to make, any future investment in or capital contribution to any other entity. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any equity or similar interest in or any interest convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity or similar interest in, any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business, association or entity, except for passive investments of less than one percent (1%) in the equity interests of public companies as part of Company's cash management program. 2.2 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Company has made available to Parent a complete and correct copy of its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended to date (together, the "COMPANY CHARTER DOCUMENTS"). Such Company Charter Documents and equivalent organizational documents of each of its subsidiaries are in full force and effect. Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the Company Charter Documents, and no subsidiary of Company is in violation of its equivalent organizational documents, except, in the case of its subsidiaries, where such violation would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. 2.3 Capitalization. (a) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of Company consists of 510,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.001 par value per share (the "COMPANY PREFERRED STOCK"). At the close of business on February 6, 2004 (i) 92,511,115 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding, all of which are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable; (ii) no shares of Company Common Stock were held in treasury by Company or its subsidiaries; (iii) 19,164,404 shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options to purchase Company Common Stock under the Company Option Plans; (iv) 16,292,072 shares of Company Common Stock were available for future grant under the Company Option Plans; (v) 1,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock were available for future issuance under the Company ESPP; and (vi) no shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase Company Common Stock (the "COMPANY WARRANTS"). Except as set forth in the preceding sentence and except for exercise of outstanding options set forth in the preceding sentence between February 6, 2004 and the date hereof, as of the date hereof, Company has no shares of capital stock outstanding or securities exercisable or convertible into shares of capital stock of Company outstanding. As of the date hereof, no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued or -8-
outstanding. Section 2.3(a) of the Company Schedule sets forth the following information with respect to each Company Option (as defined in Section 5.9) outstanding as of the close of business on February 6, 2004: (i) the name and address of the optionee; (ii) the particular plan pursuant to which such Company Option was granted; (iii) the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Option; (iv) the exercise price of such Company Option; (v) the date on which such Company Option was granted; (vi) the applicable vesting schedule; and (vii) the date on which such Company Option expires. Section 2.3(a) of the Company Schedule also sets forth each outstanding Company Warrant as of the close of business on February 8, 2004, the name of the holder of such Company Warrant and the exercise price therefor. Company has made available to Parent accurate and complete copies of all Company Option Plans pursuant to which Company has granted such Company Options that are currently outstanding and the form of all stock option agreements evidencing such Company Options. All shares of Company Common Stock subject to issuance as aforesaid, upon issuance on the terms and conditions specified in the instrument pursuant to which they are issuable, would be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. There are no commitments or agreements of any character to which Company is bound obligating Company to accelerate the vesting of any Company Option as a result of the Merger. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, all outstanding Company Options, and all outstanding shares of capital stock of each subsidiary of Company have been issued and granted in compliance in all material respects with (i) all applicable securities laws and other applicable Legal Requirements (as defined below) and (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable Contracts. For the purposes of this Agreement, "LEGAL REQUIREMENTS" means any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, order, code, edict, decree, rule, regulation, ruling or requirement issued, enacted, adopted, promulgated, implemented or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Entity (as defined in Section 2.5(b)) and (ii) all requirements set forth in applicable contracts, agreements, and instruments. (b) Except for securities Company owns free and clear of all liens, pledges, hypothecations, charges, mortgages, security interests, encumbrances, claims, infringements, interferences, options, right of first refusals, preemptive rights, community property interests or restriction of any nature (including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction on the transfer of any security or other asset, any restriction on the possession, exercise or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset) directly or indirectly through one or more subsidiaries, and except for shares of capital stock or other similar ownership interests of subsidiaries of Company that are owned by certain nominee equity holders as required by the applicable law of the jurisdiction of organization of such subsidiaries (which shares or other interests do not materially affect Company's control of such subsidiaries), as of the date of this Agreement, there are no equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of any class of equity security of any subsidiary of Company, or any security exchangeable or convertible into or exercisable for such equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Except as set forth in Section 2.3(a), as of the date hereof, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, calls, rights (including preemptive rights), commitments or agreements of any character to which Company or any of its -9-
subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, or repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or cause the repurchase, redemption or acquisition of, any shares of capital stock, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of Company or any of its subsidiaries or obligating Company or any of its subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, equity security, call, right, commitment or agreement. As of the date of this Agreement, except as contemplated by this Agreement, there are no registration rights and there is, except for the Company Voting Agreements, no voting trust, proxy, rights plan, antitakeover plan or other agreement or understanding to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which they are bound with respect to any equity security of any class of Company or with respect to any equity security, partnership interest or similar ownership interest of any class of any of its subsidiaries. Stockholders of Company will not be entitled to dissenters' rights under applicable state law in connection with the Merger. 2.4 Authority Relative to this Agreement. Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to the adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of Company, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company and the consummation by Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Company, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Company are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated, subject to, with respect to the Merger, the adoption of this Agreement by Company's stockholders in accordance with Delaware Law and the Company Charter Documents and the filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law. As of the date of this Agreement, the Board of Directors of Company has unanimously approved and declared advisable this Agreement and the Merger and has recommended that Company's stockholders adopt this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes a legal and binding obligation of Company, enforceable against Company in accordance with its terms. 2.5 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company does not, and the performance of this Agreement by Company will not, (i) conflict with or violate (A) the Company Charter Documents or (B) the equivalent organizational documents of any of Company's subsidiaries; (ii) subject to the adoption of this Agreement by Company's stockholders and compliance with the requirements set forth in Section 2.5(b), to the knowledge of Company, conflict with, or result in any violation of, any Legal Requirements applicable to Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which either Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is bound or affected; or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under, or impair Company's or any of its subsidiaries' rights or alter the rights or obligations of any third party under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, -10-
any Contract to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which Company or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties are bound or affected, except, with respect to clauses (i)(B), (ii) and (iii), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other events which would not be material to Company. (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Company does not, and the performance of this Agreement by Company will not, require any consent, waiver, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any court, administrative agency, commission, or governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign (a "GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY"), except (A) for applicable rules, regulations and requirements, if any, of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "SECURITIES ACT"), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "EXCHANGE ACT"), state securities laws ("BLUE SKY LAWS"), the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the "HSR ACT"), and Nasdaq, and state takeover laws and the filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which Company is qualified to do business and (B) where the failure to obtain such consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company or a material adverse effect on the ability of Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement, prevent consummation of the Merger or otherwise prevent the parties hereto from performing their obligations under this Agreement. 2.6 Compliance; Permits. (a) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of any Legal Requirements applicable to Company or any of its subsidiaries or by which any of their respective properties is bound or affected, except for any conflicts, defaults or violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to Company. No investigation or review by any governmental or regulatory body or authority is pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened in writing against Company or its subsidiaries, nor has any governmental or regulatory body or authority indicated in writing to Company or any of its subsidiaries an intention to conduct the same, other than, in each such case, those the outcome of which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any current business practice of Company or any of its subsidiaries, any acquisition of material property by Company or any of its subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Company or any of its subsidiaries. (b) Company and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals from Governmental Entities (collectively, the "COMPANY PERMITS"), except where the failure to hold any such Company Permit, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to Company. Company and its subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the Company Permits, except where the failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to Company. -11-
2.7 SEC Filings; Financial Statements. (a) Each report, schedule, registration statement and definitive proxy statement filed or furnished by Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") since October 5, 2001, or required to be filed or furnished by Company with the SEC since October 5, 2001 (the "COMPANY SEC REPORTS"), is either (i) available on EDGAR or (ii) has been provided to Parent. The Company SEC Reports (i) complied in all material respects as of their respective dates with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (and if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of Company's subsidiaries is required to file any reports or other documents with the SEC. (b) Each of the (i) consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Company SEC Reports and (ii) unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Company as of December 31, 2003 (the "BALANCE SHEET DATE"), and the related unaudited consolidated statement of income, cash flow and stockholders' equity for the period then ended, was prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except (A) as may be indicated in the notes thereto or (B) in the case of unaudited financial statements, as may be permitted by Form 10-Q, Form 8-K or any successor form under the Exchange Act), and each fairly presented, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Company and its consolidated subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that were not and will not be material in amount or significance in any individual case or in the aggregate. (c) Company has previously furnished to Parent a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC but which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been filed by Company with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. (d) Each required form, report and document containing financial statements that has been filed with or submitted to the SEC since July 31, 2002 was accompanied by the certifications required to be filed or submitted by Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "SARBANES-OXLEY ACT") and, at the time of filing or submission of each such certification, such certification was true and accurate and complied with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (e) Company and each of its subsidiaries has established and maintains, adheres to and enforces a system of internal accounting controls which are effective in providing assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures that (i) require the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the -12-
assets of Company and its subsidiaries, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of Company and its subsidiaries are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations of management and the Board of Directors of Company and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of Company and its subsidiaries. Neither Company or any of its subsidiaries (including any current or former employee, consultant or director of Company or any of Company's subsidiaries) nor Company's independent auditors has identified or been made aware of (i) any significant deficiency or material weakness in the system of internal accounting controls utilized by Company or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves Company's management or other current or former employees, consultants directors of Company or any of Company's subsidiaries who have a role in the preparation of financial statements or the internal accounting controls utilized by Company or its subsidiaries, or (iii) any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing. (f) Since October 30, 1997, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries nor, to Company's knowledge, any director, officer, employee, auditor, accountant or representative of Company or any of its subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, in each case, regarding deficient accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of Company or any of its subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls or any material inaccuracy in Company's financial statements. No attorney representing Company or any of its subsidiaries, whether or not employed by Company or any of its subsidiaries, has reported to the Board of Directors of Company or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of Company evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by Company or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents. 2.8 No Undisclosed Liabilities. Since the Balance Sheet Date, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet, or in the related notes to the consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with GAAP that are, individually or in the aggregate, material to the business, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, capitalization, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except (i) liabilities provided for in Company's consolidated balance sheet and notes thereto as of the Balance Sheet Date, and (ii) liabilities incurred since the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice, and (iii) liabilities incurred after the date hereof pursuant to this Agreement or as permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.1. 2.9 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since the Balance Sheet Date, there has not been: (i) any Material Adverse Effect on Company; (ii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash, stock, or property) in respect of, any of Company's or any of its subsidiaries' capital stock, or any purchase, redemption or other acquisition by Company of any of Company's capital stock or any other securities of Company or its subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such shares or other securities -13-
except for repurchases from employees following their termination pursuant to the terms of their pre-existing stock option or purchase agreements; (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any of Company's or any of its subsidiaries' capital stock; (iv) any granting by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any increase in compensation or fringe benefits, except for normal increases of cash compensation to current non-officer employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or any payment by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any bonus, except for bonuses made to current non-officer employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or any granting by Company or any of its subsidiaries of any increase in severance or termination pay or any entry by Company or any of its subsidiaries into any currently effective employment, severance, termination or indemnification agreement or any agreement the benefits of which are contingent or the terms of which are materially altered upon the occurrence of a transaction involving Company of the nature contemplated hereby; (v) entry by Company or any of its subsidiaries into any licensing or other agreement with regard to the acquisition or disposition of any Intellectual Property (as defined in Section 2.18) other than licenses in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice; (vi) any material change by Company in its accounting methods, principles or practices, except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP; (vii) any revaluation by Company of any of its assets, including, without limitation, writing down the value of capitalized inventory or writing off notes or accounts receivable or any sale of assets of Company other than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice; or (viii) agreement by Company or any Company subsidiary, or any officer or employees on behalf of Company, to do any of the things described in the preceding clauses (i) through (vii) of this Section 2.9 (other than negotiations with Parent and its representatives regarding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement). 2.10 Absence of Litigation. There are no claims, actions, suits or proceedings, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to be material to Company, pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened in writing (or any governmental or regulatory investigation, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to be material to Company pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened in writing) against Company or any of its subsidiaries or any properties or rights of Company or any of its subsidiaries, before any court, arbitrator or administrative, governmental or regulatory authority or body, domestic or foreign. 2.11 Company Employee Plans. (a) Definitions. Except as otherwise provided for herein, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following respective meanings: "COBRA" shall mean the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended and as codified in Section 4980B of the Code and Section 601 et seq. or ERISA. "COMPANY EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean any plan, program, policy, practice, contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for compensation, severance, termination pay, deferred compensation, performance awards, stock or stock-related awards, fringe benefits or other employee benefits or remuneration of any kind, whether written, unwritten or otherwise, funded or unfunded, including, without limitation, each "employee benefit plan," -14-
within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is or has been maintained, contributed to, or required to be contributed to, by Company or any ERISA Affiliate for the benefit of any Employee, or with respect to which Company or any ERISA Affiliate has or may have any liability or obligation, including all International Employee Plans. "DOL" shall mean the United States Department of Labor. "EMPLOYEE," for purposes of this Section 2.11 and Section 4.1(b) only, shall mean any current or former employee, director or officer of Company or any ERISA Affiliate. "EMPLOYEE AGREEMENT" shall mean each management, employment, severance, retention, consulting or other agreement or contract between Company, or any ERISA Affiliate, and any Employee, other than standard offer letters used in Company's ordinary course of business that do not provide for severance or other payments after termination of employment or acceleration of any equity award. "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. "ERISA AFFILIATE," for purposes of this Section 2.11 only, shall mean any other person or entity under common control with Company within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code, and the regulations issued thereunder. "INTERNATIONAL EMPLOYEE PLAN" shall mean, other than statutorily required plans or arrangements, each Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement that has been adopted or maintained by Company or any ERISA Affiliate, whether formally or informally, or with respect to which Company or any ERISA Affiliate will or may have any liability with respect to Employees who perform services outside the United States. "IRS" shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service. "PENSION PLAN" shall mean each Company Employee Plan which is an "employee pension benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA. (b) Schedule. Section 2.11(b)(i) of the Company Schedule contains an accurate and complete list of each Company Employee Plan and each Employee Agreement. Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has made any plan or commitment to establish any new Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement, to modify any Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement (except to the extent required by law or to conform any such Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement to the requirements of any applicable law, in each case as previously disclosed to Parent in writing, or as required by this Agreement), or to enter into any Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement. Section 2.11(b)(ii) of the Company Schedule sets forth a table with the name and annual base salary of each current Employee. -15-
(c) Documents. Company has made available to Parent: (i) correct and complete copies of all material documents embodying each Company Employee Plan and each Employee Agreement, including, without limitation, all amendments thereto and all related trust documents, (ii) the three (3) most recent annual reports (Form Series 5500 and all schedules and financial statements attached thereto), if any, required under ERISA or the Code in connection with each Company Employee Plan, (iii) if the Company Employee Plan is funded, the most recent annual and periodic accounting of Company Employee Plan assets, (iv) the most recent summary plan description together with the summary(ies) of material modifications thereto, if any, required under ERISA with respect to each Company Employee Plan, (v) all material written agreements and contracts relating to each Company Employee Plan, including, without limitation, administrative service agreements and group insurance contracts, (vi) all communications material to any Employee or Employees relating to any Company Employee Plan and any proposed Company Employee Plans, which would result in a material liability to Company or to any ERISA Affiliate, relating to any amendments, terminations, establishments, increases or decreases in benefits, acceleration of payments or vesting schedules or other events which would result in any liability to Company, (vii) all correspondence to or from any Governmental Entity concerning any audit or examination by such Governmental Entity of any Company Employee Plan which would result in material liability to Company or to any ERISA Affiliate, (viii) all discrimination tests for each Company Employee Plan for the three (3) most recently completed plan years, (ix) the most recent IRS determination or opinion letter issued with respect to each Company Employee Plan, if applicable, (x) all registration statements, annual reports on Form 11-K and attachments thereto, and (xi) all prospectuses prepared or used during calendar year 2003 in connection with each Company Employee Plan. (d) Employee Plan Compliance. Company and its ERISA Affiliates have performed all obligations required to be performed by them under, are not in violation of, and neither Company nor its ERISA Affiliates have any knowledge of any violation by any other party to, any Company Employee Plan, except, in the aggregate, as would not reasonably be expected to be material to Company. Each Company Employee Plan has been established and maintained by Company and any ERISA Affiliates in accordance with its material terms and in compliance in all material respects with all applicable laws, statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including but not limited to ERISA and the Code. Any Company Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust intended to qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code could apply for, prior to the expiration of the requisite period under applicable Treasury Regulations or IRS pronouncements, or has obtained a favorable determination, notification, advisory and/or opinion letter, as applicable, as to its qualified status from the IRS. Any Company Employee Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and each trust related to any such Company Employee Plan and intended to qualify under Section 501(a) of the Code incorporates, or has been amended to incorporate, or time remains for making an amendment to incorporate, all provisions required to comply with the Tax Reform Act of 1986 and subsequent federal legislation. For each Company Employee Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, there has been no event, condition or circumstance that has adversely affected or is likely to adversely affect the qualified status of such Company Employee Plan. No "prohibited transaction," within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code or Sections 406 and 407 of ERISA, and not otherwise exempt under Section 408 of ERISA, -16-
has occurred with respect to any such Company Employee Plan. There are no actions, suits or claims pending or, to Company's or any ERISA Affiliates' knowledge, threatened (other than routine claims for benefits) against any Company Employee Plan or against the assets of any Company Employee Plan. Each Company Employee Plan can be amended, terminated or otherwise discontinued after the Effective Time in accordance with its terms, without liability to Parent, Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates (other than routine administration expenses incurred with respect to any such amendment, termination or discontinuance). There are no audits, inquiries or proceedings pending, or to Company's or any ERISA Affiliates' knowledge threatened by the IRS, DOL or any other Governmental Entity, with respect to any Company Employee Plan. Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate is subject to any penalty or Tax with respect to any Company Employee Plan under Section 502(i) of ERISA or Sections 4975 through 4980 of the Code that could result in material liability to Company. Company and its ERISA Affiliates have each timely made all contributions and other payments required by and due under the terms of each Company Employee Plan, except as would not reasonably be expected to result in material liability to Company. (e) No Pension or Welfare Plans. Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has ever maintained, established, sponsored, participated in or contributed to, any (i) Pension Plans subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code, (ii) "multiemployer plan" within the meaning of Section (3)(37) of ERISA, (iii) a "multiple employer plan" as defined in ERISA or the Code, or (iv) a "funded welfare plan" within the meaning of Section 419 of the Code. No Company Employee Plan provides health benefits that are not fully insured through an insurance contract. (f) No Post-Employment Obligations. No Company Employee Plan or Employee Agreement provides, or reflects or represents any liability to provide, post-termination or retiree welfare benefits to any person for any reason, except as may be required by COBRA or other applicable statute, and neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has ever represented, promised or contracted (whether in oral or written form) to any Employee (either individually or to Employees as a group) or any other person that such Employee(s) or other person would be provided with post-termination or retiree welfare or other non-pension benefits, except to the extent required by statute. (g) Past Acquisitions. Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate is currently obligated to provide an Employee with any compensation or benefits pursuant to an agreement (for example, an acquisition agreement) with a former employer of such Employee. (h) Health Care Compliance. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to Company, neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has violated any of the health care continuation requirements of COBRA, the requirements of FMLA, the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, the requirements of the Women's Health and Cancer Rights Act of 1998, the requirements of the Newborns' and Mothers' Health Protection Act of 1996, or any amendment to each such act, or any similar provisions of state law applicable to its Employees. (i) Effect of Transaction. The execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not (either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional -17-
or subsequent events) constitute an event under any Company Employee Plan, Employee Agreement, trust or loan that will or may result in any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise), acceleration, forgiveness of indebtedness, vesting, distribution, increase in benefits or obligation to fund benefits with respect to any Employee. Company is not, nor has it ever been, a party to or bound by any Tax indemnity agreement or any other agreement that will require Parent or the Surviving Corporation to "gross-up" or otherwise compensate any Employee because of the imposition of any excise Tax. Company has identified each employee who could reasonably be expected to constitute a "disqualified individual" under Section 280G of the Code and has made available to Parent all Company Employee Plans in which such Employees participate and Employee Agreements with respect to such Employees. (j) Employment Matters. Company and its ERISA Affiliates: (i) have withheld and reported all material amounts that are required by law or by agreement to be withheld and reported with respect to wages, salaries and other payments to Employees, (ii) are not materially liable for any (x) arrears of wages or any Taxes or (y) any penalty for failure to comply with respect to the matters described in clause (i), (iii) are not liable for any payment to any trust or other fund governed by or maintained by or on behalf of any Governmental Entity, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or obligations for Employees (other than routine payments to be made in the normal course of business and consistent with past practice), and (iv) are in material compliance with all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations respecting employment, employment practices, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours with respect to Employees. There are no pending, or to Company's knowledge, threatened claims or actions against Company under any workers' compensation policy or long-term disability policy. The services provided by each of the Employees are terminable at the will of Company or an ERISA Affiliate, and any such termination would result in no material liability to Company or to any ERISA Affiliate. (k) Labor. No work stoppage or labor strike against Company or any ERISA Affiliate is pending, threatened in writing or reasonably anticipated by Company or any ERISA Affiliate. To Company's and each ERISA Affiliate's knowledge, there are no activities or proceedings of any labor union to organize any Employees. There are no actions, suits, claims, labor disputes or grievances pending or, to Company's and each ERISA Affiliate's knowledge, threatened, in each case relating to any labor, discrimination or material safety matters involving any Employee, including, without limitation, charges of material unfair labor practices or discrimination complaints. Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in any unfair labor practices within the meaning of the National Labor Relations Act. Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate presently is, nor have they been in the past, a party to, or bound by, any collective bargaining agreement or union contract with respect to Employees, and no collective bargaining agreement is being negotiated by Company or any ERISA Affiliate. (l) International Employee Plan. Except as would not reasonably be expected to be material to Company, each International Employee Plan has been established, maintained and administered in compliance with its terms and conditions and with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutory or regulatory laws that are applicable to such International Employee Plan. -18-
Furthermore, no International Employee Plan has unfunded liabilities, that, as of the Effective Time, will not be offset by insurance or fully accrued. Except as required by law, no condition exists that would prevent Company or Parent from terminating or amending any International Employee Plan at any time for any reason without liability to Company or any ERISA Affiliates (other than routine administration expenses or routine claims for benefits). (m) Executive Loans. Neither Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has violated Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will not cause such a violation. (n) WARN Act. Since the enactment of the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (the "WARN ACT"), (i) neither Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has effected a "plant closing" (as defined in the WARN Act) affecting any site of employment or one or more facilities or operating units within any site of employment or facility, (ii) there has not occurred a "mass layoff" (as defined in the WARN Act) affecting any site of employment or facility of Company or any of it ERISA Affiliates, (iii) neither Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has engaged in layoffs or employment terminations sufficient in number to trigger application of any state, local or foreign law or regulation similar to the WARN Act and (iv) none of Company's nor any of its ERISA Affiliates' employees has suffered an "employment loss" (as defined in the WARN Act) during the one-year period prior to the date of this Agreement. 2.12 Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed with the SEC by Parent in connection with the issuance of the Parent Common Stock in or as a result of the Merger (the "S-4") will, at the time the S-4 becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; and (ii) the joint proxy statement/prospectus to be filed with the SEC by Company and Parent pursuant to Section 5.1 (the "JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS") will, at the dates mailed to the respective stockholders of Company and Parent, at the time of the stockholders' meeting of Company in connection with the adoption of this Agreement (the "COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING"), at the time of the stockholders' meeting of Parent in connection with the Share Issuance (the "PARENT STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING") and as of the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by Parent or Merger Sub which is included or incorporated by reference in any of the foregoing documents. 2.13 Restrictions on Business Activities. There is no agreement, commitment, judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon Company or its subsidiaries or to which Company or any of -19-
its subsidiaries is a party which has or would reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any business practice material to Company or any of its subsidiaries, any acquisition of property by Company or any of its subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Company or any of its subsidiaries as currently conducted. 2.14 Property. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries owns any real property. Section 2.14(a) of the Company Schedule is a complete and accurate list of all real property leases to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party and each amendment thereto. Each premises subject to a lease is hereinafter referred to as a "LEASED PROPERTY." Company has provided or made available to Parent true, complete and correct copies of each such lease; no term or condition of any such lease has been modified, amended or waived, in each case in any material respect, except as shown in such copies; each such lease constitutes the entire agreement of the landlord and the tenant thereunder; and there are no other agreements or arrangements whatsoever relating to Company's use or occupancy of any of the premises described in such leases. Company has not transferred, mortgaged or assigned any interest in any such lease, nor has Company subleased or otherwise granted rights of use or occupancy of any of the premises described therein to any other person. Company and each of its subsidiaries have good and valid title to all of their properties and assets (except for leased properties and assets), free and clear of all liens, charges and encumbrances, except (i) liens for Taxes not yet due and payable, (ii) as reflected in the financial statements contained in the Company SEC Reports, and (iii) for such liens or other imperfections of title, if any, as do not materially detract from the value of, or interfere with the present use of the property affected thereby; and all leases pursuant to which Company or any of its subsidiaries lease from others real or personal property are valid and effective in accordance with their respective terms, and there is not, under any of such leases, any existing material default or material event of default (or any event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a material default). All the plants, structures and equipment of Company and its subsidiaries, except such as may be under construction, are in good operating condition and repair, in all material respects, subject to normal wear and tear. There is no pending or, to Company's knowledge, threatened (in writing) condemnation or similar proceeding affecting any Leased Property or any portion thereof, and Company has no knowledge that any such action is currently contemplated. The use and occupancy of the Leased Property by Company or any subsidiary complies in all material respects with all applicable zoning restrictions and other Legal Requirements. 2.15 Taxes. (a) For the purposes of this Agreement, "TAX" or "TAXES" refers to any and all federal, state, local and foreign Taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, duties, impositions and liabilities relating to Taxes, including Taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use and occupation, and value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, excise and property Taxes, together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts and any obligations under any agreements or arrangements with any other person with respect to such amounts and including any liability for Taxes of a predecessor entity. -20-
(b) Company and each of its subsidiaries have timely filed, or will timely file, all material federal, state, local and foreign returns, estimates, information statements and reports relating to Taxes ("RETURNS") required to be filed by Company and each of its subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time with any Tax authority. Such Returns are, or will be when filed, true and correct in all material respects and have been or will be completed in accordance with applicable law, and Company and each of its subsidiaries have paid or will pay all Taxes shown to be due on such Returns. (i) As of the Effective Time, Company and each of its subsidiaries will have withheld with respect to its employees all federal and state income Taxes, Taxes pursuant to the Federal Insurance Contribution Act, Taxes pursuant to the Federal Unemployment Tax Act and other Taxes required to be withheld. (ii) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has been delinquent in the payment of any material Tax nor is there any material Tax deficiency outstanding, proposed or assessed against Company or any of its subsidiaries, nor has Company or any of its subsidiaries executed any unexpired waiver or extension of any statute of limitations on, or extending the period for the assessment or collection, of any Tax, nor has any such waiver or extension been requested from Company or any of its subsidiaries other than an extension resulting from the filing of a Return after its due date in the ordinary course of business. (iii) No audit or other examination of any Return of Company or any of its subsidiaries by any Tax authority is presently in progress, nor has Company or any of its subsidiaries been notified in writing of any request for such an audit or other examination. (iv) No adjustment relating to any Returns filed by Company or any of its subsidiaries has been proposed in writing formally or informally by any Tax authority to Company or any of its subsidiaries or any representative thereof. (v) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has any liability for any unpaid Taxes which has not been accrued for or reserved on Company's most recent consolidated balance sheet, whether asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise, which is material to Company, other than any liability for unpaid Taxes that may have accrued since the date of such balance sheet in connection with the operation of the business of Company and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course. (vi) As of the date of this Agreement, there is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, including, but not limited to, the provisions of this Agreement, covering any employee, former employee or director of Company or any of its subsidiaries that, individually or collectively, would reasonably be expected to give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be deductible by reason of Sections 280G, 404 or 162(m) of the Code. There is no contract, agreement, plan or arrangement to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound to compensate any individual for excise Taxes paid pursuant to Section 4999 of the Code. -21-
(vii) Except as between Company and its current subsidiaries, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is, or has ever been, a party to or bound by any Tax indemnity agreement, Tax sharing agreement, Tax allocation agreement or similar Contract (such agreements and Contracts, "TAX INDEMNITY AGREEMENTS"), including any obligation arising by reason of Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6, and neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has or, by reason of the consummation of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, will have any liability or obligation under any Tax Indemnity Agreement. (viii) No claim or action, suit, litigation, arbitration, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate proceeding), hearing, inquiry or investigation commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any court or other governmental body or any arbitrator or arbitration panel is pending or, to Company's knowledge, has been threatened in writing against or with respect to Company or any of its subsidiaries in respect of any Tax. (ix) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries will be required to include any material adjustment in taxable income for any Tax period (or portion thereof) ending after the Effective Time pursuant to Section 481 of the Code or any comparable provision under any Tax laws as a result of transactions or events occurring, or accounting methods employed, prior to the Closing. (x) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has constituted either a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" (as such terms are defined in Section 355(a) of the Code) in a distribution of stock qualifying for Tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code (A) in the two years prior to the date of this Agreement or (B) in a distribution that could otherwise constitute part of a "plan" or "series of related transactions" (within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the Code) in conjunction with the Merger. 2.16 Environmental Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company, Company and its subsidiaries (i) have obtained all applicable permits, licenses and other authorizations that are required under Environmental Laws (as defined below) necessary to the operation of Company's business or occupancy of the Leased Property; and (ii) is in compliance in all material respects with all material terms and conditions of such required permits, licenses and authorizations and all other material limitations, restrictions, conditions, standards, prohibitions, requirements, obligations, schedules and timetables contained in such laws or contained in any regulation, code, plan, order, decree, judgment, notice or demand letter issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder. As of the date hereof, Company has no knowledge of and has not received written notice of any event, condition, circumstance, activity, practice, incident, action or plan that is reasonably likely to interfere with or prevent continued compliance or that would give rise to any common law or statutory liability, or otherwise form the basis of, any Environmental Claim (as defined below) with respect to Company or any person whose liability for any Environmental Claim Company has retained or assumed either contractually or by operation of law. Except as would not be reasonably likely to result in material liability to Company or its subsidiaries, no Hazardous Materials (as defined below) are present in, on or under any properties owned, leased or used at any time (including both land and improvements thereon) by Company -22-
or any of its subsidiaries, so as to give rise to any liability or corrective or remedial obligation under any Environmental Laws. For the purposes of this Section 2.16, "ENVIRONMENTAL CLAIM" means any notice, claim, act, cause of action or investigation by any person alleging potential liability (including potential liability for investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental response costs, natural resources damages, property damages, personal injuries or penalties) arising out of, based on or resulting from (i) the presence, or release into the environment, of any Hazardous Materials or (ii) any violation, or alleged violation, of any Environmental Laws. For the purposes of this Section 2.16, "ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS" means all Legal Requirements relating to pollution of the environment (including ambient air, surface water, ground water, land surface or subsurface strata) or the protection of human health and worker safety, including, without limitation, laws and regulations relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, labeling, distribution, use, treatment, recycling, re-use, storage, disposal, transport or handling of, or exposure of any individual to, Hazardous Materials or products containing Hazardous Materials. "HAZARDOUS MATERIALS" means chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, wastes, toxic substances, radioactive and biological materials, asbestos-containing materials, hazardous substances, petroleum and petroleum products or any fraction thereof, excluding, however, Hazardous Materials contained in products typically used for office and janitorial purposes properly and safely maintained in accordance with Environmental Laws. 2.17 Brokers. Except for fees payable to J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc. pursuant to an engagement letter, a copy of which has been provided to Parent, Company has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. 2.18 Intellectual Property. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following definitions: "INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any or all of the following and all rights in, arising out of, or associated therewith: (i) all United States and foreign patents and applications therefor and all reissues, divisions, renewals, extensions, provisionals, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof; (ii) all inventions (whether patentable or not), invention disclosures, improvements, trade secrets, proprietary information, know how, technology, technical data and customer lists, and all documentation relating to any of the foregoing; (iii) all copyrights, copyright registrations and applications therefor and all other rights corresponding thereto throughout the world; (iv) all semiconductor and semiconductor circuit designs; (v) all rights to all mask works and reticles, mask work registrations and applications therefor; (vi) all industrial designs and any registrations and applications therefor throughout the world; (vii) all trade names, logos, common law trademarks and service marks; trademark and service mark registrations and applications therefor and all goodwill associated therewith throughout the world; and (viii) all databases and data collections and all rights therein throughout the world. "COMPANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any Intellectual Property that is owned by or exclusively licensed to Company or any of its subsidiaries, including the Company -23-
Registered Intellectual Property (as defined below), and used in Company's business as currently conducted. Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, Company Intellectual Property includes all Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed by Company related to Company's products, including, without limitation, all rights in any design code, documentation, and tooling for packaging of semiconductors in connection with all current products and products in design and development, that are used in Company's business as currently conducted. "REGISTERED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean all United States, international and foreign: (i) patents and patent applications (including provisional applications); (ii) registered trademarks, applications to register trademarks, intent-to-use applications, or other registrations or applications related to trademarks; (iii) registered copyrights and applications for copyright registration; and (iv) any mask work registrations and applications to register mask works. "COMPANY REGISTERED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" means any Registered Intellectual Property that is owned by, or filed in the name of, Company or any of its subsidiaries. (a) Section 2.18(a) of the Company Schedule lists all of Company Registered Intellectual Property and specifies, where applicable, the jurisdictions in which each such item of Company Registered Intellectual Property has been issued or registered. (b) To Company's knowledge, no Company Intellectual Property or software products owned by, or service offerings of, Company or any of its subsidiaries ("COMPANY PRODUCTS") are subject to any outstanding order, judgment, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental Entity materially restricting the use, transfer, or licensing thereof by Company or any of its subsidiaries. (c) Each material item of Company Registered Intellectual Property is subsisting (except in each case where Company has elected not to maintain or continue the prosecution of the same), and Company has made reasonable efforts to pay all necessary registration, maintenance and renewal fees currently due in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual Property and to file all necessary documents, recordations and certificates in connection with such Company Registered Intellectual Property with the relevant patent, copyright, trademark or other authorities in the United States or foreign jurisdictions, as the case may be, for the purposes of maintaining such Company Registered Intellectual Property, except where the failure to do so would not be material to the Company. To Company's knowledge, each patent and registered trademark of the Company is valid. (d) Company owns each material item of Company Intellectual Property free and clear of any encumbrance (excluding non-exclusive licenses and related restrictions granted in the ordinary course) that would reasonably be expected to materially interfere with the use by Company of such Company Intellectual Property, or any liens. Without limiting the foregoing: (i) Company is the owner or exclusive licensee of all registered trademarks that Company claims to own or have exclusive rights to and that are used in connection with the operation or conduct of the business of -24-
Company and its subsidiaries, including the sale, distribution or provision of any Company Products by Company or its subsidiaries; (ii) to the knowledge of Company, Company has all rights and licenses necessary to use any trademarks that are used in connection with the operation or conduct of the business of Company and its subsidiaries, including the sale, distribution or provision of any Company Products by Company or its subsidiaries; and (iii) except as set forth in Section 2.18(d) of the Company Schedule, Company owns exclusively, and has good title to, or has exclusive licenses to, all copyrighted works that are Company Products, except, in each case, where failure to have the ownership or rights set forth above would not be material to Company. (e) To the extent that any material technology, software or Intellectual Property has been developed or created independently or jointly by a third party for Company or any of its subsidiaries or is incorporated into any of the Company Products, Company has a written or electronic agreement with such third party with respect thereto and Company thereby either (i) has obtained ownership of, and is the exclusive owner of, or (ii) has obtained a license (sufficient for Company's use of such technology, software or Intellectual Property as currently conducted) to such third party's technology, software or Intellectual Property, by operation of law or by valid assignment or license, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to be material to Company. (f) To the Company's knowledge, the Company Intellectual Property and other Intellectual Property licensed by Company constitutes all the Intellectual Property necessary to the conduct of the business of Company as it currently is conducted, including, without limitation, the design, development, manufacture, use, import and sale of Company Products, except for items that may reasonably be expected to be commercially available for licensing on reasonable terms from third parties. (g) No person who has licensed any technology, software or Intellectual Property to Company has ownership rights or license rights granted by Company to improvements made by Company in such technology, software or Intellectual Property Rights, except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. (h) Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license with respect to, any Intellectual Property that is Company Intellectual Property, or permitted Company's rights in any material Company Intellectual Property to lapse or enter the public domain (except where Company has elected not to maintain or continue the prosecution of such Company Intellectual Property). (i) Section 2.18(i) of the Company Schedule lists all contracts, licenses and agreements to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party: (i) that explicitly grants a license to any Company Registered Intellectual Property (other than licenses granted in connection with the sale of Company products or related support and maintenance agreements); or (ii) pursuant to which Company grants to any third party any rights to embed, integrate, or bundle Company software code into or with such third party's software or hardware products for distribution and sale. -25-
(j) To Company's knowledge, all contracts, licenses and agreements to which Company is a party that are material to the business of Company as currently conducted and that grant to Company any rights to embed, integrate, bundle, or distribute any Intellectual Property of a third party into or with any Company Products ("IP RIGHTS AGREEMENTS") are in full force and effect (other than those which have expired by their terms or been terminated), except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Company. To Company's knowledge, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not violate, breach or give rise to any right to modify, cancel, terminate or suspend any IP Rights Agreement. To Company's knowledge, each of Company and its subsidiaries is in material compliance with all IP Rights Agreements and has not materially breached any material term of any IP Rights Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will (i) materially impair the right of Company or any of its subsidiaries to continue exercising any rights they currently have under any IP Rights Agreements, (ii) trigger any provisions in any IP Rights Agreements that would cause any material increase in royalties or other fees due under such agreements, (iii) create any additional material restrictions on the use of the licensed Intellectual Property or the operation of Company's business, (iv) result in Parent or any of its subsidiaries (other than Company following the Merger, but only to the extent existing prior to the Merger) granting any rights or license to any Intellectual Property of Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including a covenant not to sue with respect to any Intellectual Property of Parent of any of its subsidiaries), or (v) result in Parent or any of its subsidiaries (other than Company following the Merger, but only to the extent existing prior to the Merger) being bound by any material non-compete or other material restriction on the operation of the business of Parent or any of its subsidiaries. (k) To Company's knowledge, the operation of the business of Company and its subsidiaries as such business currently is conducted by Company or any of its subsidiaries, including without limitation (i) Company's and its subsidiaries' design, development, manufacture, distribution, reproduction, marketing or sale of the products or services of Company and its subsidiaries (including Company Products) and (ii) Company's use of any product, device or process, does not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party in any jurisdiction or constitute unfair competition or unfair trade practices under United States laws. (l) Since Company's initial public offering, neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice or subsequent correspondence from any third party that the operation of the business of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any act, product or service of Company or any of its subsidiaries infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property of any third party or constitutes unfair competition or trade practices under the laws of any jurisdiction. (m) To Company's knowledge, there are no material disputes between Company and any third parties regarding any material contracts, licenses or agreements between Company and any other person with respect to Company Intellectual Property including with respect to any material payments to be made or received by Company thereunder. -26-
(n) To Company's knowledge, no person is materially infringing or misappropriating any material Company Intellectual Property. (o) Except as would not have a material effect on the Company or its ability right to sell, make, have made or distribute its products, each of Company and each of its subsidiaries has taken reasonable steps to protect Company's and such subsidiary's rights in Company's material confidential information and trade secrets that Company wishes to protect or any material trade secrets or confidential information of third parties provided to Company or any of its subsidiary's under an obligation of confidentiality, and, without limiting the foregoing, each of Company and its subsidiaries has and enforces a policy requiring each employee and contractor to execute a proprietary information/confidentiality agreement substantially in the form provided to Parent. 2.19 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments. Neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by: (a) any Employee Agreement other than those that are terminable by Company or any of its subsidiaries without notice and without liability or financial obligation to Company or any subsidiary of Company; (b) any agreement or plan, including, without limitation, any stock option plan, stock appreciation right plan or stock purchase plan, any of the benefits of which will be increased, or the vesting of benefits of which will be accelerated, by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (either alone or in combination with any subsequent event or events) or the value of any of the benefits of which will be calculated on the basis of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (c) any agreement of indemnification or any guaranty by Company or any of its subsidiaries other than any agreement of indemnification entered into in connection with the sale or license by Company or any of its subsidiaries of products or services in the ordinary course of business; (d) any agreement, contract or commitment containing any covenant limiting in any material respect the right of Company or any of its subsidiaries to engage in any material line of business or to compete with any person or granting any exclusive distribution rights; (e) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force relating to the disposition or acquisition by Company or any of its subsidiaries after the date of this Agreement of a material amount of assets not in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to which Company or any of its subsidiaries has any material ownership interest in any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other business enterprise other than Company's subsidiaries; (f) any agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to provide source code to any third party for any product or technology that is material to Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole; -27-
(g) any material agreement, contract or commitment, other than standard end-user license, distribution and sale agreements and related maintenance and support agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business, currently in force to license any third party to manufacture or reproduce any Company product, service or technology or any material agreement, contract or commitment currently in force to sell or distribute any Company products, service or technology except agreements with distributors, VARs, service providers, enterprises or sales representatives in the normal course of business; (h) any mortgages, leases, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit agreements, security agreements or other agreements or instruments relating to the borrowing of money or extension of credit, other than accounts receivable and payables in the ordinary course of business; (i) any settlement agreements, the terms of which materially affect the conduct of Company's business; or (j) any other agreement, contract or commitment that has a value of $5,000,000 or more individually and not described in clauses (a) through (i) above. Neither Company or any of its subsidiaries nor, to Company's knowledge, any other party to a Company Contract (as defined below), is in breach, violation or default under, and neither Company nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the material terms or conditions of any of the agreements, contracts or commitments to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound, in each case, that are required to be disclosed in Section 2.19 of the Company Schedule (any such agreement, contract or commitment, a "COMPANY CONTRACT"), except for breaches, violations or defaults that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material Company. 2.20 Insurance. Company has provided or made available to Parent true, correct and accurate summaries of all insurance policies and fidelity bonds material to the business of Company and its subsidiaries. There is no material claim by Company or any of its subsidiaries pending under any of the insurance policies and fidelity bonds covering the assets, business, equipment, properties, operations, employees, officers and directors of Company and its subsidiaries as to which coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds. 2.21 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The financial advisor of Company, J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc., has delivered to Company its opinion dated as of the date of this Agreement to the effect that, as of such date, the Exchange Ratio is fair to the stockholders of Company from a financial point of view, a signed copy of which has been, or will be within three (3) days following the date of this Agreement, delivered to Parent. 2.22 Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Company has, as of the date of this Agreement, unanimously (i) determined that the Merger is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Company and is fair to, and in the best interests of, Company and its stockholders; (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement and approved the Merger and the -28-
other transactions contemplated hereby; and (iii) determined to recommend that the stockholders of Company adopt this Agreement. 2.23 Vote Required. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes that holders of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are entitled to vote with respect to the Merger is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Company's capital stock necessary to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 2.24 State Takeover Statutes. The Board of Directors of Company has approved the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and such approval is sufficient to render inapplicable to the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby the provisions of Section 203 of Delaware Law to the extent, if any, such section is applicable to the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. To the knowledge of Company, no other state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation applies to or purports to apply to the Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. 2.25 Company Affiliates. Set forth in Section 2.25 of the Company Schedule is a list of those persons who may be deemed to be, in Company's reasonable judgment, affiliates of Company within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act (each, a "COMPANY AFFILIATE"). ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB Parent and Merger Sub jointly and severally represent and warrant to Company, subject to such exceptions as are specifically disclosed in writing in the disclosure letter and schedules thereto (which exceptions shall reference the specific section and, if applicable, subsection number of this Article III to which it applies, and any information disclosed in any such section or subsection shall be deemed to be disclosed only for purposes of such section or subsection, except to the extent it is readily apparent that the disclosure contained in such section or subsection contains enough information regarding the subject matter of other representations and warranties contained in this Article III so as to qualify or otherwise apply to such other representations and warranties), dated as of the date hereof (the "PARENT SCHEDULE"), as follows: 3.1 Incorporation and Qualification. Parent is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted. Each of Parent's subsidiaries is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has the requisite corporate power and authority to own, lease and operate its assets and properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to do so would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse -29-
Effect on Parent. Each of Parent and its subsidiaries is in possession of all Approvals necessary to own, lease and operate the properties it purports to own, lease or operate and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted, except where the failure to have such Approvals has not had, and would not reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. Each of Parent and its subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed as a foreign corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its activities makes such qualification or licensing necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good standing has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. 3.2 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Parent has previously furnished to Company a complete and correct copy of its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended to date (together, the "PARENT CHARTER DOCUMENTS"). Such Parent Charter Documents and equivalent organizational documents of each of its subsidiaries are in full force and effect. Parent is not in violation of any of the provisions of the Parent Charter Documents, and no subsidiary of Parent is in violation of any of its equivalent organizational documents. 3.3 Capitalization. (a) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of Parent consists of (i) 1,000,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, $0.00001 par value per share (the "PARENT PREFERRED Stock"). At the close of business on February 6, 2004, (i) 395,286,504 shares of Parent Common Stock were issued and outstanding, all of which are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable; (ii) no shares of Parent Common Stock were held in treasury by Parent or by its subsidiaries; (iii) an aggregate of 63,969,930 shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options to purchase Parent Common Stock under all of Parent's stock option plans, including, without limitation, Parent's 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan and Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan; (iv) 32,835 shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding warrants to purchase Parent Common Stock; (v) 19,860,973 shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the conversion of Parent's Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due June 15, 2008; (vi) 866,528 shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the conversion of Parent's 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Noted due March 15, 2007; and (vii) 8,515,569 shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for issuance in connection with Parent's Employee Stock Purchase Program. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence and except for exercise of outstanding options set forth in the preceding sentence between February 6, 2004 and the date hereof, as of the date hereof, Parent has no shares of capital stock outstanding or securities exercisable or convertible into shares of capital stock of Parent outstanding. As of the date hereof, no shares of Parent Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding. Except as set forth in this Section 3.3(a), as of the date hereof, there are no subscriptions, options, warrants, equity securities, partnership interests or similar ownership interests, calls, rights (including preemptive rights), commitments or agreements of any character to which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which it is bound obligating Parent or any of its subsidiaries to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to -30-
be issued, delivered or sold, any shares of capital stock, partnership interests or similar ownership interests of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or obligating Parent or any of its subsidiaries to grant, extend, or enter into any such subscription, option, warrant, equity security, call, right, commitment or agreement. (b) The authorized stock of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, all of which are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of any preemptive rights in respect thereof, and all of which are owned by Parent. 3.4 Parent Common Stock. The Parent Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger has been duly authorized and will, when issued in accordance with this Agreement, be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and will not be subject to any restrictions on resale under the Securities Act, other than restrictions imposed by Rule 145 under the Securities Act. 3.5 Authority Relative to this Agreement. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and, subject to obtaining the approval of the stockholders of Parent of the Share Issuance, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated, subject only to the approval of the Share Issuance by Parent's stockholders in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq and the Parent Charter Documents and the filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law. The Board of Directors of Parent has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and has recommended that Parent's stockholders approve the Share Issuance. Parent, as the sole stockholder of Merger Sub, will, following the execution of this Agreement, adopt this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Company, constitutes a legal and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms. 3.6 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents. (a) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub does not, and the performance of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub will not, (i) conflict with or violate (A) the Parent Charter Documents or (B) the equivalent organizational documents of any of Parent's subsidiaries; (ii) subject to obtaining the approval of Parent's stockholders of the Share Issuance and compliance with the requirements set forth in Section 3.6(b), to the knowledge of Parent, conflict with, or result in any violation of, any Legal Requirements applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries or by which either Parent or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties is bound or affected; or (iii) result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under, or -31-
impair Parent's or any of this subsidiaries' rights or alter the rights or obligations of any third party under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Parent or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to, any Contract to which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which Parent or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties are bound or affected, except, with respect to clauses (i)(B), (ii) and (iii), for any such conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults or other events which would not be material to Parent. (b) The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub does not, and the performance of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub will not, require any consent, waiver, approval, authorization or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity, except (A) for applicable rules, regulations and requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, Blue Sky Laws, the HSR Act and Nasdaq, and state takeover laws and the filing and recordation of the Certificate of Merger as required by Delaware Law and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which Company is qualified to do business and (B) where the failure to obtain such consents, waivers, approvals, authorizations or permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent or a material adverse effect on the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement, prevent consummation of the Merger or otherwise prevent the parties hereto from performing their obligations under this Agreement. 3.7 Compliance; Permits. (a) Neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any Legal Requirements applicable to Parent or any of its subsidiaries or by which any of their respective properties is bound or affected, except for any conflicts, defaults or violations that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to be material to Parent. No investigation or review by any governmental or regulatory body or authority is pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing against Parent or its subsidiaries, nor has any governmental or regulatory body or authority indicated in writing to Parent or any of its subsidiaries an intention to conduct the same, other than, in each such case, those the outcome of which would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have the effect of prohibiting or materially impairing any current business practices of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, any acquisition of material property by Parent or any of its subsidiaries or the conduct of business by Parent or any of its subsidiaries. (b) Parent and its subsidiaries hold all permits, licenses, variances, exemptions, orders and approvals from Governmental Entities (collectively, the "PARENT PERMITS"), except where the failure to hold any such Parent Permit, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to Parent. Parent and its subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the Parent Permits, except where the failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to be material to Parent. -32-
3.8 SEC Filings; Financial Statements. (a) Each report, schedule, registration statement and definitive proxy statement filed or furnished by Parent with the SEC since April 21, 1999, or required to be filed or furnished by Parent with the SEC since April 21, 1999 (the "PARENT SEC REPORTS"), is either (i) available on EDGAR or (ii) has been provided to Company. The Parent SEC Reports (i) complied in all material respects as of their respective dates with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (ii) did not at the time they were filed (and if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date of this Agreement, then on the date of such filing) contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of Parent's subsidiaries is required to file any reports or other documents with the SEC. (b) Each of the consolidated financial statements (including, in each case, any related notes thereto) contained in the Parent SEC Reports was prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods involved (except (i) as may be indicated in the notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited financial statements, as may be permitted by Form 10-Q, Form 8-K or any successor form under the Exchange Act), and each fairly presented, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Parent and its consolidated subsidiaries at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for the periods indicated, except that the unaudited interim financial statements were or are subject to normal and recurring year-end adjustments that were not and will not be material in amount or significance in any individual case or in the aggregate. (c) Parent has previously furnished to Company a complete and correct copy of any amendments or modifications, which have not yet been filed with the SEC but which are required to be filed, to agreements, documents or other instruments which previously had been filed by Parent with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. (d) Each required form, report and document containing financial statements that has been filed with or submitted to the SEC since July 31, 2002, was accompanied by the certifications required to be filed or submitted by Parent's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and, at the time of filing or submission of each such certification, such certification was true and accurate and complied with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. (e) Parent and each of its subsidiaries has established and maintains, adheres to and enforces a system of internal accounting controls which are effective in providing assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures that (i) require the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Parent and its subsidiaries, (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of Parent and its subsidiaries are being made only in accordance with -33-
appropriate authorizations of management and the Board of Directors of Parent and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of Parent and its subsidiaries. Neither Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including any current or former employee, consultant or director of Parent or any of Parent's subsidiaries (each a "PARENT Employee")) nor Parent's independent auditors has identified or been made aware of (i) any significant deficiency or material weakness in the system of internal accounting controls utilized by Parent or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves Parent's management or other Parent Employees who have a role in the preparation of financial statements or the internal accounting controls utilized by Parent or its subsidiaries, or (iii) any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing. (f) Since June 25, 1999, neither Parent or any of its subsidiaries nor, to Parent's knowledge, any director, officer, employee, auditor, accountant or representative of Parent or any of its subsidiaries has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim, whether written or oral, in each case, regarding deficient accounting or auditing practices, procedures, methodologies or methods of Parent or any of its subsidiaries or their respective internal accounting controls or any material inaccuracy in Parent's financial statements. No attorney representing Parent or any of its subsidiaries, whether or not employed by Parent or any of its subsidiaries, has reported to the Board of Directors of Parent or any committee thereof or to any director or officer of Parent evidence of a material violation of securities laws, breach of fiduciary duty or similar violation by Parent or any of its officers, directors, employees or agents. 3.9 No Undisclosed Liabilities. Since December 31, 2003, neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has any liabilities (absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of a nature required to be disclosed on a balance sheet, or in the related notes to the consolidated financial statements, prepared in accordance with GAAP that are, individually or in the aggregate, material to the business, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, capitalization, condition (financial or otherwise) or results of operations of Parent and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except (i) liabilities provided for in Parent's consolidated balance sheet and notes thereto as of December 31, 2003, (ii) liabilities incurred since December 31, 2003 in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice, and (iii) liabilities incurred after the date hereof pursuant to this Agreement or as permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.2. 3.10 Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since December 31, 2003, there has not been: (i) any Material Adverse Effect on Parent; (ii) any declaration, setting aside or payment of any dividend on, or other distribution (whether in cash, stock, or property) in respect of, any of Parent's or any of its subsidiaries' capital stock, or any purchase, redemption or other acquisition by Parent of any of Parent's capital stock or any other securities of Parent or its subsidiaries or any options, warrants, calls or rights to acquire any such shares or other securities except for repurchases from employees following their termination pursuant to the terms of their pre-existing stock option or purchase agreements; (iii) any split, combination or reclassification of any of Parent's or any of its subsidiaries' capital stock; (iv) any material change by Parent in its accounting methods, principles or practices, except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP; (v) any revaluation by Parent of any of its assets, including, without limitation, writing down the value of capitalized inventory or -34-
writing off notes or accounts receivable or any sale of assets of Parent other than in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practice; or (vi) agreement by Parent or any Parent subsidiary, or any officer or employees on behalf of Parent, to do any of the things described in the preceding clauses (i) through (v) of this Section 3.10. 3.11 Absence of Litigation. There are no claims, actions, suits or proceedings, pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing (or any governmental or regulatory investigation, pending or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing) against Parent or any of its subsidiaries or any properties or rights of Parent or any of its subsidiaries, before any court, arbitrator or administrative, governmental or regulatory authority or body, domestic or foreign, except for such claims, actions, suits, proceedings or threats which would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. 3.12 Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the S-4 will, at the time the S-4 becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; and (ii) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus will, at the dates mailed to the respective stockholders of Company and Parent, at the time of the Company Stockholders' Meeting, at the time of the Parent Stockholders' Meeting and as of the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The S-4 will comply as to form in all material respects with the provisions of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent makes no representation or warranty with respect to any information supplied by Company which is contained in any of the foregoing documents. 3.13 Operations of Merger Sub. Merger Sub is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent, was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, has engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its operations only as contemplated by this Agreement. 3.14 Brokers. Except for fees payable to Goldman, Sachs & Co., Parent has not incurred, nor will it incur, directly or indirectly, any liability for brokerage or finders' fees or agents' commissions or any similar charges in connection with this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. 3.15 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The financial advisor of Parent, Goldman, Sachs & Co., has delivered to Parent its opinion dated as of the date of this Agreement to the effect that as of such date, the Exchange Ratio is fair to Parent from a financial point of view. -35-
3.16 Intellectual Property. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following definitions: "PARENT INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY" shall mean any Intellectual Property that is owned by or exclusively licensed to Parent or any of its subsidiaries and used in Parent's business as currently conducted. Without in any way limiting the generality of the foregoing, Parent Intellectual Property includes all Intellectual Property owned or exclusively licensed by Parent related to Parent's products, including, without limitation, all rights in any design code, documentation and tooling for packaging of semiconductors in connection with all current products and products in design and development, that are used in Parent's business as currently conducted. (a) To Parent's knowledge, no Parent Intellectual Property or software products owned by, or service offerings of, Parent or any of its subsidiaries (excluding any third party products or technology bundled, embedded or distributed with such software products or service offerings) ("PARENT PRODUCTS") are subject to any outstanding order, judgment, writ, injunction or decree of any court or Governmental Entity materially restricting the use, transfer, or licensing thereof by Parent or any of its subsidiaries. (b) Parent owns each material item of Parent Intellectual Property free and clear of any lien or encumbrance (excluding non-exclusive licenses and related restrictions granted in the ordinary course) that would reasonably be expected to materially interfere with the use by Parent of such Parent Intellectual Property. (c) To Parent's knowledge, the operation of the business of Parent and its subsidiaries as such business currently is conducted by Parent or any of its subsidiaries, including, without limitation, (i) Parent's and its subsidiaries' design, development, manufacture, distribution, reproduction, marketing or sale of the products or services of Parent and its subsidiaries (including Parent Products) and (ii) Parent's use of any product, device or process, does not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property of any third party in any jurisdiction or constitute unfair competition or unfair trade practices under United States laws, in each case other than as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. 3.17 Agreements, Contracts and Commitments. Neither Parent or any of its subsidiaries, nor, to Parent's knowledge, any other party to a Parent Contract (as defined below) is in breach, violation or default under, and neither Parent nor any of its subsidiaries has received written notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under, any of the terms or conditions of any of the agreements, contracts or commitments to which Parent or any of its subsidiaries is a party or by which they are bound (any such agreement, contract or commitment, a "PARENT CONTRACT"), except for breaches, violations or defaults that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent. 3.18 Board Approval. The Board of Directors of Parent has, as of the date of this Agreement, unanimously (i) determined that the Merger is consistent with and in furtherance of the long-term business strategy of Parent and is fair to, and in the best interests of, Parent and its -36-
stockholders; (ii) has approved this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (iii) determined to recommend that the stockholders of Parent approve the Share Issuance. 3.19 Vote Required. The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Parent Common Stock that cast votes regarding the Share Issuance in person or by proxy at the Parent Stockholders' Meeting is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of Parent's capital stock necessary to approve this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. ARTICLE IV CONDUCT PRIOR TO THE EFFECTIVE TIME 4.1 Conduct of Business by Company. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, Company shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, except as set forth in Section 4.1 of the Company Schedule or to the extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, (i) carry on its business, in the ordinary course, in substantially the same manner as heretofore conducted and in material compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, (ii) pay its debts and Taxes when due, subject to good faith disputes over such debts or Taxes, (iii) pay or perform other material obligations when due, and (iv) use its commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practices and policies to (A) preserve intact its present business organization, (B) keep available the services of its present officers and employees and (C) preserve its relationships with customers, suppliers, distributors, licensors, licensees, and others with which it has business dealings. In addition, except as set forth in Section 4.1 of the Company Schedule or to the extent that Parent shall otherwise consent in writing, during the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, Company shall not do any of the following and shall not permit its subsidiaries to do any of the following: (a) Waive any stock repurchase rights, accelerate, amend or change the period of exercisability of Company options or restricted stock, or reprice Company options granted under any Company Option Plans or authorize cash payments in exchange for any Company options granted under any of such plans; (b) Grant any severance or termination pay (cash, equity or otherwise) to any Employee, except pursuant to written agreements outstanding, or policies existing, on the date hereof that have been previously disclosed in writing to Parent in the Company Schedule, or adopt any new severance or termination plan, program or arrangement; (c) Transfer or license to any person or entity or otherwise extend, amend or modify any rights to the Company Intellectual Property that are material to the business of Company as currently conducted, or enter into grants to transfer or license to any person future patent rights, in -37-
each case other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; provided that in no event shall Company license on an exclusive basis or sell any Company Intellectual Property; (d) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends on or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock, equity securities or property) in respect of any capital stock or split, combine or reclassify any capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for any capital stock; (e) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of Company or its subsidiaries, except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of the employment relationship with any employee pursuant to stock option or purchase agreements in effect on the date hereof or issued in compliance with Section 4.1(f); (f) Issue, deliver, sell, authorize, pledge or otherwise encumber or propose any of the foregoing with respect to, any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or subscriptions, rights, warrants or options to acquire any shares of capital stock or any securities convertible into shares of capital stock, or enter into other agreements or commitments of any character obligating it to issue any such shares or convertible securities, other than the issuance, delivery and/or sale of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to (i) the exercise of Company Options, Company Warrants or other Company securities outstanding as of the date of this Agreement, (ii) the Company ESPP, and (iii) grants of Company Options to purchase no more than an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock to new hires in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices in amounts consistent with the limitations set forth in Section 4.1(f) of the Company Schedule and the vesting of which Company Options do not accelerate by the occurrence of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (either alone or in combination with any subsequent event or events) and which Company Options have a vesting schedule and other terms of exercisability no more favorable than Company's standard vesting schedule and the terms of exercisability contained in Company's standard form of option agreement, respectively; (g) Cause, permit or propose any amendments to the Company Charter Documents (or similar governing instruments of any of its subsidiaries); (h) Acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets or enter into any joint ventures or strategic partnerships; (i) Sell, lease, license, encumber or otherwise dispose of any properties or assets except (a) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (b) the sale, lease or disposition (other than through licensing) of properties or assets which are not material, individually or in the aggregate, to the business of Company and its subsidiaries; (j) Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person, issue or sell any debt securities or options, warrants, calls or other rights to -38-
acquire any debt securities of Company, enter into any "keep well" or other agreement to maintain any financial statement condition or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing other than in connection with the financing of ordinary course trade payables consistent with past practice; (k) Adopt, amend or terminate any Company Employee Plan or enter into any Company Employee Plan (other than offer letters and letter agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with employees who are terminable "at will"); provided, that such letters or letter agreements shall not provide for the extension, obligation or promise to pay any severance, whether in cash, equity or otherwise, or accelerate any equity compensation awards, including, without limitation, Company Options), pay any special bonus or special remuneration (cash, equity or otherwise) to any director or employee (other than payments to current non-officer employees in accordance with past practice), or increase the salaries or wage rates or fringe benefits (including rights to severance or indemnification) of its directors, officers, employees or consultants (other than increases for current non-officer employees in accordance with past practice); (l) Enter into any material Company Contracts relating to the distribution, sale, license or marketing by third parties of Company's products or products licensed by Company, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (m) Pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), or litigation (whether or not commenced prior to the date of this Agreement) other than the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or (ii) waive the benefits of, agree to modify in any manner, terminate, release any person from or fail to enforce any confidentiality or similar agreement to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a beneficiary; (n) Make any individual or series of related payments outside of the ordinary course of business in excess of $250,000 in the aggregate; (o) Modify, amend or terminate any material Contract to which Company or any subsidiary thereof is a party or waive, delay the exercise of, release or assign any material rights or claims thereunder, other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (p) Revalue any of its assets or, except as required by GAAP, make any change in accounting methods, principles or practices; (q) Intentionally take any action that could reasonably be expected to cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Code, whether or not otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Article IV, or fail to take any action reasonably necessary to cause the Merger to so qualify; -39-
(r) Make any Tax election that, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material respect the Tax liability or Tax attributes of Company or any of its subsidiaries or settle or compromise any material income Tax liability; (s) (i) Make any loan or advance to any person (except a subsidiary of Company) other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, but in no event in the amount (to persons other than subsidiaries) of more than $100,000 in the aggregate; provided, that in no event shall Company or any of Company's subsidiaries make any loan, or change the terms of any existing loans which loan or change would be in violation of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or (ii) make any capital contribution to, or investment in, any person (except in a wholly owned subsidiary of Company) other than investments in publicly traded securities which constitute cash equivalents in connection with Company's cash management program in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; (t) Release or waive any material rights for claims, or modify or amend in any manner materially adverse to Company, or terminate any confidentiality or standstill agreements to which Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party; (u) Adopt or amend any stockholder rights plan; (v) Incur or enter into any agreement, contract or commitment outside of the ordinary course of business in excess of $250,000 individually or $2,000,000 in the aggregate; (w) Hire any employee in any of the functions set forth in Section 4.1(w) of the Company Schedule; or (x) Agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described in Section 4.1(a) through (w) above. 4.2 Conduct of Business by Parent. During the period from the date of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to its terms or the Effective Time, Parent shall not do any of the following, except (i) as set forth in Section 4.2 of the Parent Schedule, or (ii) to the extent that Company shall otherwise consent in writing: (a) Purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, directly or indirectly, any shares of capital stock of Parent or its subsidiaries, except repurchases of unvested shares at cost in connection with the termination of the employment relationship with any employee pursuant to stock options or purchase agreements; (b) Cause, permit or propose any amendments to the Parent Charter Documents that may materially affect the holders of Parent Common Stock in an adverse manner; (c) Except after prior consultation in good faith with Company, acquire or agree to acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing any equity interest in or a portion of the assets of, or by any other manner, any business or any corporation, partnership, association or other -40-
business organization or division thereof, or otherwise acquire or agree to acquire any assets or enter into any joint ventures or strategic partnerships, except for any of the transactions described above in this clause (c) (i) in which the fair market value of the total consideration (including the value of indebtedness acquired or assumed) issued in exchange therefor shall not exceed $500,000,000 in the aggregate and (ii) which do not present a material risk of delaying the Merger or making it more difficult to obtain any approvals or consents necessary to consummate the Merger; (d) Intentionally take any action that could reasonably be expected to cause the Merger to fail to qualify as a "reorganization" under Section 368(a) of the Code, whether or not otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Article IV, or fail to take any action reasonably necessary to cause the Merger to so qualify; (e) Declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in cash or property in respect of, any capital stock; or (f) Agree in writing or otherwise to take any of the actions described in Section 4.2(a) or (e) above. ARTICLE V ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS 5.1 Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus; Registration Statement. (a) As promptly as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, Parent and Company shall jointly prepare and file with the SEC mutually acceptable proxy materials which shall constitute the "JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS," and Parent shall prepare and file the S-4 with the SEC. The Joint Proxy Statement Prospectus will be included in and will constitute part of the S-4 as Parent's prospectus. The S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Each of the parties hereto shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the S-4 to be declared effective under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after the date hereof and to keep the S-4 effective as long as is necessary to consummate the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby. Parent or Company, as the case may be, shall furnish all information concerning Parent or Company as the other party may reasonably request in connection with such actions and the preparation of the S-4 and the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. Each of Parent and Company will notify the other promptly upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or its staff in connection with the filing of, or amendments or supplements to, the S-4 and/or the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. Whenever any event occurs which is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and/or the S-4, Parent or Company, as the case may be, will promptly inform the other of such occurrence and cooperate in filing with the SEC or its staff, and/or mailing to stockholders of Parent and/or Company, such amendment or supplement. Each of Parent and Company shall cooperate and provide the other (and its counsel) with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on any amendment or supplement to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus -41-
and/or the S-4 prior to filing such with the SEC and shall provide each other with a copy of all such filings made with the SEC. As promptly as practicable after the SEC declares the S-4 effective, each of Parent and Company will cause the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus to be mailed to its respective stockholders. Parent shall take all action required under any applicable laws in connection with the issuance of shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to the Merger. (b) The Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall include (i) the approval of this Agreement, the Merger and other transactions contemplated hereby by the Board of the Directors of Company and the recommendation of the Board of Directors of Company to Company's stockholders that they vote in favor of adoption of this Agreement, subject to the right of the Board of Directors of Company to effect a Change of Recommendation (as defined in Section 5.3(c)), in compliance with Section 5.3 and (ii) the approval of this Agreement, the Merger and other transactions contemplated hereby by the Board of Directors of Parent and the recommendation of the Board of Directors of Parent to Parent's stockholders that they vote in favor of approval of the Share Issuance. (c) No amendment or supplement to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the S-4 shall be made without the approval of Parent and Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Each of the parties hereto shall advise the other parties hereto, promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the S-4 has been declared effective by the SEC or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order, of the suspension of the qualification of the Parent Common Stock issuable in connection with the Merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, or of any request by the SEC for amendment of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus or the S-4 or comments thereon and responses thereto or requests by the SEC for additional information. 5.2 Stockholder Meetings; Board Recommendations. (a) Company Stockholders' Meeting. (i) Promptly after the date hereof, Company will take all action necessary in accordance with Delaware Law and its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to convene the Company Stockholders' Meeting to be held as promptly as practicable, and in any event within forty-five (45) days after the declaration of effectiveness of the S-4, for the purpose of voting upon this Agreement and the Merger. Subject to Section 5.3(c), Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger and will take all other action necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent of its stockholders required by the rules of Nasdaq or Delaware Law to obtain such approvals ("COMPANY STOCKHOLDER VOTE"). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Company may adjourn or postpone the Company Stockholders' Meeting solely to the extent necessary to ensure that any necessary supplement or amendment to the Joint Prospectus/ Proxy Statement is provided to Company's stockholders in advance of a vote on this Agreement and the Merger or, if as of the time for which the Company Stockholders' Meeting is originally scheduled (as set forth in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus) there are insufficient shares of Company Common Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum -42-
necessary to conduct the business of the Company Stockholders' Meeting. Company shall ensure that the Company Stockholders' Meeting is called, noticed, convened, held and conducted, and that all proxies solicited by Company in connection with the Company Stockholders' Meeting are solicited, in compliance with Delaware Law, its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the rules of Nasdaq and all other applicable legal requirements. Company's obligation to call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company Stockholders' Meeting in accordance with this Section 5.2(a)(i) shall not be limited to or otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission to Company of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined in Section 5.3(a)) or by any Change of Recommendation (as defined in Section 5.3(c)). (ii) Except to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.3(c): (A) the Board of Directors of Company shall recommend that Company's stockholders vote in favor of adoption of this Agreement at the Company Stockholders' Meeting; (B) the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus shall include a statement to the effect that the Board of Directors of Company has recommended that Company's stockholders vote in favor of adoption of this Agreement at the Company Stockholders' Meeting; and (C) subject to Section 5.3(c), neither the Board of Directors of Company nor any committee thereof shall effect a Change of Recommendation. (b) Parent Stockholders' Meeting. (i) Promptly after the date hereof, Parent will take all action necessary in accordance with Delaware Law and its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to convene the Parent Stockholders' Meeting to be held as promptly as practicable, and in any event (to the extent permissible under applicable law and Parent's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws) within forty-five (45) days after the declaration of effectiveness of the S-4, for the purpose of voting upon the Share Issuance. Parent will use its commercially reasonable efforts to solicit from its stockholders proxies in favor of approval of the Share Issuance and will take all other action necessary or advisable to secure the vote or consent of its stockholders required by the rules of Nasdaq or Delaware Law to obtain such approval ("PARENT STOCKHOLDER VOTE"). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Parent may adjourn or postpone the Parent Stockholders' Meeting solely to the extent necessary to ensure that any necessary supplement or amendment to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus is provided to Parent's stockholders in advance of a vote on the Share Issuance or, if as of the time for which the Parent Stockholders' Meeting is originally scheduled (as set forth in the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus) there are insufficient shares of Parent Common Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of the Parent Stockholders' Meeting. Parent shall ensure that the Parent Stockholders' Meeting is called, noticed, convened, held and conducted, and that all proxies solicited by Parent in connection with the Parent Stockholders' Meeting are solicited, in compliance with Delaware Law, its Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the rules of Nasdaq and all other applicable legal requirements. (ii) (A) The Board of Directors of Parent shall recommend that Parent's stockholders vote in favor of and approve the Share Issuance; (B) the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus shall include a statement to the effect, that the Board of Directors of Parent has -43-
recommended that Parent's stockholders vote in favor of and approve the Share Issuance at the Parent Stockholders' Meeting; and (C) neither the Board of Directors of Parent nor any committee thereof shall withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, or propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw, amend or modify in a manner adverse to Company, the recommendation of the Board of Directors of Parent that Parent's stockholders vote in favor of and approve the Share Issuance. 5.3 Company Acquisition Proposals. (a) No Solicitation. From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time or termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VII, Company and its subsidiaries will not, nor will they authorize or permit any of their respective officers, directors, controlled affiliates or employees or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained by any of them to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly induce or knowingly encourage the making, submission or announcement of any Acquisition Proposal (as defined below), (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations with a third party regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect to, or take any other action to knowingly facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal, (iii) approve, endorse or recommend any Acquisition Proposal or (iv) enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract, agreement or commitment contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction (as defined below); provided, however, that, prior to the Company Stockholders' Meeting, nothing contained in this Section 5.3 shall prohibit the Board of Directors of Company from (i) complying with Rule 14d-9 or 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act; provided, that Company shall not effect a Change of Recommendation unless specifically permitted pursuant to Section 5.3(c)) or (ii) in response to an unsolicited, bona fide written Acquisition Proposal so long as, and only to the extent that, Company's Board of Directors in good faith after consultation with its outside financial and legal advisors, concludes that such Acquisition Proposal is, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Superior Proposal (as defined below), engaging in discussions or participating in negotiations with and furnishing information to the party making such Acquisition Proposal so long as, and only to the extent that, (A) the Board of Directors of Company determines in good faith after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take any such action would be reasonably likely to result in a breach of its fiduciary obligations to Company's stockholders, (B) (x) at least one (1) business day prior to furnishing any such information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such party, Company gives Parent written notice of Company's intention to furnish information to, or enter into discussions or negotiations with, such party and (y) Company receives from such party an executed confidentiality agreement on terms no less favorable to Company than those in the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined in Section 5.5(a)) and containing customary limitations on the use and disclosure of all written and oral information furnished to such party by or on behalf of Company, (C) prior to or contemporaneously with furnishing any such information to such party, Company furnishes such information to Parent (to the extent such information has not been previously furnished by Company to Parent), and (D) Company shall have complied in all material respects with this Section 5.3. Company and its subsidiaries will, and shall cause their respective officers, directors, controlled affiliates or employees or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained by any of them to, immediately cease any and all existing -44-
activities, discussions or negotiations with any parties conducted heretofore with respect to any Acquisition Proposal and will promptly request the return of all Company confidential information heretofore furnished in connection with an Acquisition Proposal. Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 5.3 by any officer, director, controlled affiliate or employee of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained by them shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 5.3 by Company. For purposes of this Agreement, (A) "ACQUISITION PROPOSAL" shall mean any inquiry, offer or proposal (other than an inquiry, offer or proposal by Parent) relating to any Acquisition Transaction; (B) "ACQUISITION TRANSACTION" shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions other than the Merger involving: (1) any acquisition or purchase from Company by any person or "group" (as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) of more than a 15% interest in the total outstanding voting securities of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any tender offer or exchange offer that if consummated would result in any person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of the total outstanding voting securities of Company or any of its subsidiaries or any merger, consolidation, business combination or similar transaction involving Company pursuant to which the stockholders of Company immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 85% of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction; (2) any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of business), acquisition or disposition of more than 15% of the assets of Company; or (3) any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization or other significant corporate reorganization of Company; and (C) "SUPERIOR PROPOSAL" shall mean an unsolicited, bona fide binding written offer made by a person to acquire, directly or indirectly, pursuant to a tender offer, exchange offer, merger, consolidation or other business combination, all or substantially all of the assets of Company or in excess of 50% of the outstanding voting securities of Company and as a result of which the stockholders of Company immediately preceding such transaction would cease to hold at least 50% of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction or any direct or indirect parent or subsidiary thereof, on terms that the Board of Directors of Company concludes in good faith, after consultation with its outside financial advisors, to be more favorable to Company's stockholders from a financial point of view than the terms of the Merger, taking into account all the terms and conditions of such proposal and this Agreement (including any proposal by either party to amend the terms of this Agreement); provided, however, that any such offer shall not be deemed to be a Superior Proposal if any financing required to consummate the transaction contemplated by such offer is not committed or if there is a due diligence condition to the parties' obligations to consummate the transaction that is the subject of the Superior Proposal. (b) Notification of Acquisition Proposals. In addition to the obligations of Company set forth in paragraph (a) of this Section 5.3, Company shall, as promptly as practicable, and in any event within twenty-four (24) hours, advise Parent orally and in writing of any request for information which Company reasonably believes would lead to an Acquisition Proposal or of any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which could reasonably be expected to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request, Acquisition Proposal -45-
or inquiry, the identity of the person or group making any such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry and copies of all written materials sent or provided to Company by or on behalf of any person or group or provided to such person or group by or on behalf of Company. Company will keep Parent informed in all material respects of the status and details (including material amendments or proposed amendments) of any such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry. In addition to the foregoing, Company shall (i) provide Parent with at least one (1) business day prior notice of any meeting of Company's Board of Directors at which Company's Board of Directors is reasonably expected to consider an Acquisition Proposal and (ii) provide Parent with at least two (2) business days prior written notice of a meeting of Company's Board of Directors at which Company's Board of Directors is reasonably expected to recommend a Superior Proposal to its stockholders and, together with such notice, a copy of the documentation relating to such Superior Proposal. (c) Changes of Recommendation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in response to the receipt of a Superior Proposal, the Board of Directors of Company may withhold, withdraw, amend or modify its recommendation in favor of the Merger, and, in the case of a Superior Proposal that is a tender or exchange offer made directly to its stockholders, may recommend that its stockholders accept the tender or exchange offer (any of the foregoing actions, whether by the Board of Directors of Company or a committee thereof, a "CHANGE OF RECOMMENDATION"), if all of the following conditions in clauses (i) through (v) are met: (i) A Superior Proposal has been made and has not been withdrawn; (ii) The Company Stockholders' Meeting has not occurred; (iii) Company shall have (A) provided to Parent written notice at least three (3) business days prior to publicly announcing its intention to effect a Change of Recommendation which shall state expressly (1) that it has received a Superior Proposal, (2) the material terms and conditions of the Superior Proposal and the identity of the person or group making the Superior Proposal, and (3) that it intends to effect a Change of Recommendation and the manner in which it intends to do so, (B) provided to Parent a copy of all written materials delivered to the person or group making the Superior Proposal in connection with such Superior Proposal, and (C) made available to Parent all materials and information made available to the person or group making the Superior Proposal in connection with such Superior Proposal; (iv) The Board of Directors of Company has concluded in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal advisors, that, in light of such Superior Proposal, the failure of the Board of Directors to effect a Change of Recommendation would be a breach of its fiduciary obligations to Company's stockholders under applicable law; and (v) Company shall have complied in all material respects with this Section 5.3. (d) Continuing Obligation to Call, Hold and Convene Company Stockholders' Meeting; No Other Vote. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the -46-
obligation of Company to call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company Stockholders' Meeting shall not be limited or otherwise affected by the commencement, disclosure, announcement or submission to it of any Acquisition Proposal, or by any Change of Recommendation. Company shall not submit to the vote of its stockholders any Acquisition Proposal or propose or agree to do so. 5.4 Parent Takeover Proposals. From and after the date of this Agreement until the earlier of the Effective Time or termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VII, Parent and its subsidiaries will not, nor will they authorize or permit any of their respective officers, directors, controlled affiliates or employees or any investment banker, attorney or other advisor or representative retained by any of them to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, knowingly induce or knowingly encourage the making, submission or announcement of any Takeover Proposal (as defined below), or (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations with a third party regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect to, or take any other action to knowingly facilitate any inquiries or the making of any proposal that is or would reasonably be expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal; provided, however, that in the event that Parent shall receive an unsolicited bona fide written offer for a Parent Takeover (as defined below), (i) Parent shall promptly notify Company that it has received such an offer and (ii) the provisions of this Section 5.4 shall no longer be applicable. As used in this Agreement, (i) "TAKEOVER PROPOSAL" shall mean any inquiry, offer or proposal for a Parent Takeover and (ii) "PARENT TAKEOVER" shall mean any of the following transactions: (A) a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Parent pursuant to which the stockholders of Parent immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 50% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction, or (B) a sale or other disposition by Parent of assets representing in excess of 50% of the aggregate fair market value of Parent's business immediately prior to such sale, or (C) the acquisition by any person or group (including by way of a tender offer or an exchange offer or issuance by Parent), directly or indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial ownership of shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Parent. 5.5 Confidentiality; Access to Information. (a) The parties acknowledge that Company and Parent have previously executed a Confidentiality Agreement, dated as of August 6, 2003 (the "CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT"), which Confidentiality Agreement will continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. (b) Between the date hereof and the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, Company will, and will cause its subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to give Parent and its authorized representatives (including Parent's external auditors) reasonable access to all employees, plants, offices, warehouses and other facilities and to all books and records and personnel files of current employees of Company and its subsidiaries as Parent may reasonably require, and will cause its officers and its subsidiaries to furnish Parent with such financial and operating data and other information with respect to the business and properties of Company and its subsidiaries as Parent may from time to time reasonably request. Between the date hereof and the Effective Time, Parent shall make available to Company, -47-
as reasonably requested by Company, a designated officer of Parent to answer questions and make available such information and documents regarding Parent as is reasonably requested by Company taking into account the nature of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The access described in this Section 5.5(b) shall be subject to the granting party's reasonable security measures and insurance requirements. Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to allow Parent access to the workpapers of its independent auditors prior to the Effective Time. (c) Between the date hereof and the earlier of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms and the Effective Date, Company shall furnish to Parent within two (2) business days following approval thereof by the audit committee of Company's Board of Directors (and in any event within thirty (30) business days after the end of each fiscal quarter) an unaudited balance sheet as of the end of such quarter and the related statements of earnings, stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for the quarter then ended, all of such financial statements to be prepared in accordance with GAAP in conformity with the practices consistently applied by Company with respect to such financial statements. 5.6 Public Disclosure. Parent and Company will consult with each other before issuing any press release or otherwise making any public statement with respect to the Merger, this Agreement or an Acquisition Proposal and will not issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, except as may be required by law or any listing agreement with a national securities exchange, in which case commercially reasonable efforts to consult with the other party will be made prior to any such press release or public statement. The parties have agreed to the text of the joint press release announcing the signing of this Agreement. 5.7 Commercially Reasonable Efforts; Notification. (a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the parties agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including using commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish the following: (i) the taking of all commercially reasonable acts necessary to cause the conditions precedent set forth in Article VI to be satisfied, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary actions or nonactions, waivers, consents, approvals, orders and authorizations from Governmental Entities and the making of all necessary registrations, declarations and filings (including registrations, declarations and filings with Governmental Entities, if any) and the taking of all commercially reasonable steps as may be necessary to avoid any suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding by any Governmental Entity, (iii) the defending of any suits, claims, actions, investigations or proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed and (iv) the execution or delivery of any additional instruments reasonably necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out the purposes of, this Agreement; provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement shall require Parent to agree to -48-
divestiture material to Parent or Company by Parent or Company or any of Parent's subsidiaries or affiliates of shares of capital stock or of any business, assets or property of Parent or its subsidiaries or affiliates or Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates or the imposition of any material limitation on the ability of any of them to conduct their businesses or to own or exercise control of such capital stock, assets or properties. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, Company and its Board of Directors shall, if any state takeover statute or similar statute or regulation is or becomes applicable to the Merger, this Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements or any of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Merger, this Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements and the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on the Merger, this Agreement, the Company Voting Agreements and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. (b) Each of Parent, Merger Sub and Company will notify the other promptly upon the receipt of: (i) any comments from any officials of any Governmental Entity in connection with any filings made pursuant hereto; and (ii) any request by any officials of any Governmental Entity for amendments or supplements to any filings made pursuant to, or information provided to comply in all material respects with, any Legal Requirements. Whenever any event occurs that is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to any filing made pursuant hereto, Parent, Merger Sub or Company, as the case may be, will promptly inform the others of such occurrence and cooperate in filing with the applicable Governmental Entity such amendment or supplement. (c) Company shall give prompt notice to Parent of any representation or warranty made by it contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or inaccurate, or any failure of Company to comply with or satisfy in any respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement, in each case, such that the conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a) or 6.3(b) would not be satisfied; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement. (d) Parent shall give prompt notice to Company of any representation or warranty made by it or Merger Sub contained in this Agreement becoming untrue or inaccurate, or any failure of Parent or Merger Sub to comply with or satisfy in any respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it under this Agreement, in each case, such that the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a) or 6.2(b) would not be satisfied; provided, however, that no such notification shall affect the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this Agreement. 5.8 Third Party Consents. As soon as practicable following the date hereof, Parent and Company will each use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any consents, waivers and approvals under any of its or its subsidiaries' respective agreements, contracts, licenses or leases required to be obtained in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. -49-
5.9 Stock Options; 401(k) Plan; Company Employee Plan Matters. (a) Stock Options. At the Effective Time, Parent shall assume all options to purchase Common Stock issued by Company pursuant to the Company Option Plans, whether vested or unvested and whether exercisable or unexercisable (each a "COMPANY OPTION"). Company's repurchase right with respect to any unvested shares acquired by the exercise of Company Options shall be assigned to Parent by virtue of the Merger and without any further action on the part of Company or the holder of such an award. Immediately after the Effective Time, each Company Option outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be deemed to constitute an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Option at the Effective Time, such number of shares of Parent Common Stock as is equal to the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to the unexercised portion of such option multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share of each such assumed Company Option shall be equal to the exercise price of such option immediately prior to the Effective Time divided by the Exchange Ratio, rounded up to the nearest whole cent. The term, vesting schedule, status as an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code, if applicable, and all other terms of the Company Options shall otherwise remain unchanged. It is the intention of the parties that the Company Options so assumed by Parent qualify following the Effective Time as incentive stock options as defined in Section 422 of the Code to the extent such Company Options qualified as incentive stock options prior to the Effective Time. (b) 401(k) Plans. Effective as of the day immediately preceding the Closing Date, Company and its subsidiaries, as applicable, shall each terminate any and all plans intended to include a Code Section 401(k) arrangement (unless Parent provides written notice to Company that such 401(k) plan(s) shall not be terminated). Unless Parent provides such written notice to Company, no later than two (2) business days prior to the Closing Date, Company shall provide Parent with evidence that such 401(k) plan(s) have been terminated (effective as of the day immediately preceding the Closing Date) pursuant to resolutions of Company's Board of Directors. The form and substance of such resolutions shall be subject to review and approval of Parent. Company also shall take such other actions in furtherance of terminating such 401(k) Plan(s) as Parent may reasonably require. (c) ESPP. The rights of participants in the Company ESPP with respect to any offering then underway under the Company ESPP shall be determined by treating the last business day prior to the Effective Time as the last day of such offering and by making such other pro rata adjustments as may be necessary to reflect the shortened offering but otherwise treating such shortened offering as a fully effective and completed offering for all purposes under the Company ESPP. Outstanding rights to purchase shares of Company Common Stock shall be exercised in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Company ESPP, and each share of Company Common Stock purchased pursuant to such exercise shall by virtue of the Merger, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into the right to receive a number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio, without issuance of certificates representing issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock to participants under the Company ESPP. As of the Effective Time, the Company ESPP shall be terminated. Prior to the Effective Time, -50-
Company shall (i) provide Parent with evidence that the Company ESPP has been terminated pursuant to resolutions of Company's Board of Directors, and the form and substance of such resolutions shall be subject to prior review and approval of Parent, and (ii) take such other actions (including, but not limited to, if appropriate, amending the Company ESPP) that are necessary to give effect to the transaction contemplated by this Section 5.9(c). Parent shall use its reasonable efforts to provide to employees of Company who continue their employment with Company following the Effective Time the opportunity to enroll in a special offering period under Parent's Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which special offering period shall commence as soon as is administratively practicable following the Effective Time; provided, however, that such special offering period shall not commence in the event the next regularly scheduled offering period under Parent's Employee Stock Purchase Plan shall commence within six (6) weeks following the Effective Time. (d) Certain Employee Benefits. As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, Company and Parent shall confer and work together in good faith to agree upon mutually acceptable employee benefit and compensation arrangements for employees of Company and its subsidiaries following the Effective Time; provided, that Company employees will receive comparable employee benefit and compensation arrangements to similarly situated Parent employees. Employees of Company and its subsidiaries will be granted credit for all service with Company, its subsidiaries or its affiliates (except to the extent such service credit will result in the duplication of benefits) under each current employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of Parent or its affiliates in which such employees are eligible to participate for purposes of eligibility and vesting, except for purposes of Parent's benefit accrual under Parent retirement plans. If employees become eligible to participate in a medical, dental or vision plan of Parent or its affiliates, Parent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause such plan to (i) waive any preexisting condition exclusions and waiting period limitations for conditions covered under the applicable medical, dental or vision plans maintained or contributed to by Company (but only to the extent corresponding exclusions and limitations were satisfied by such employees under the applicable medical, dental or health plans maintained or contributed to by Company) and (ii) credit any deductible or out of pocket expenses incurred by the employees and their beneficiaries under such plans during the portion of the plan year in which the Effective Time occurs. 5.10 Form S-8. Parent agrees to file, if available for use by Parent, a registration statement on Form S-8 for the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable with respect to assumed Company Options within ten (10) business days following the Closing. 5.11 Indemnification. (a) From and after the Effective Time, Parent will cause to be maintained in effect in all respects the current obligations of Company pursuant to any indemnification agreements between Company and its directors and officers in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time and any indemnification provisions under the Company Charter Documents as in effect on the date hereof. The Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation will contain provisions with respect to exculpation and indemnification that are at least as favorable to the indemnified -51-
parties thereunder (the "INDEMNIFIED PARTIES") as those contained in the Company Charter Documents as in effect on the date hereof, which provisions will not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six (6) years from the Effective Time in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of the Indemnified Parties, unless such modification is required by law. (b) For a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain in effect, if available, directors' and officers' liability insurance covering those persons who are currently covered by Company's directors' and officers' liability insurance policy on terms comparable to those applicable to the current directors and officers of Company; provided, however, that in no event will Parent or the Surviving Corporation be required to expend in the aggregate for such coverage in excess of 200% of the annual premium currently paid by Company, it being understood that Parent shall nevertheless be obligated to provide such coverage as may be obtained for such 200% amount. (c) This Section 5.11 is intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable by, the Indemnified Parties, their heirs and personal representatives and shall be binding on the Surviving Corporation and its respective successors and assigns. In the event Parent or the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers all or substantially all its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, honor the indemnification obligations set forth in this Section 5.11. 5.12 Nasdaq Listing. Parent will use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the shares of Parent Common Stock issuable, and those required to be reserved for issuance, in connection with the Merger to be authorized for listing by Nasdaq, upon official notice of issuance. 5.13 Affiliates. Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver or cause to be delivered to Parent a Company Affiliate Agreement from each person Company reasonably determines, after the date hereof and prior to the Closing Date, to be a Company Affiliate, as promptly as practicable on or following the date of such determination. 5.14 Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, Parents and Company shall take all such steps as may be required (to the extent permitted under applicable law and no action letters thereunder) to cause any dispositions of Company Common Stock (including derivative securities with respect to Company Common Stock) or acquisitions of Parent Common Stock (including derivative securities with respect to Parent Common Stock) resulting from the transactions contemplated by Article I by each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 5.15 Regulatory Filings. As soon as may be reasonably practicable, Company and Parent each shall file with the United States Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") and the Antitrust -52-
Division of the United States Department of Justice ("DOJ") Notification and Report Forms relating to the transactions contemplated herein as required by the HSR Act, as well as comparable pre-merger notification forms required by the merger notification or control laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction, as agreed to by the parties. Company and Parent each shall promptly (a) supply the other with any information which may be required in order to effectuate such filings and (b) supply any additional information which reasonably may be required by the FTC, the DOJ or the competition or merger control authorities of any other jurisdiction and which the parties may reasonably deem appropriate, to the extent that applicable laws provide. Except where prohibited by applicable Legal Requirements, and subject to the Confidentiality Agreement, each of Company and Parent shall consult with the other party prior to taking a position with respect to any such filing, shall permit the other to review and discuss in advance, and consider in good faith the views of the other in connection with, any analyses, appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, white papers, arguments, opinions and proposals before making or submitting any of the foregoing to any Governmental Entity by or on behalf of any party hereto in connection with any investigations or proceedings in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby (including under any antitrust or fair trade Legal Requirement), coordinate with the other in preparing and exchanging such information and promptly provide the other (and its counsel) with copies of all filings, presentations or submissions (and a summary of any oral presentations) made by such party with any Governmental Entity in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, provided that with respect to any such filing, presentation or submission, each of Parent and Company need not supply the other (or its counsel) with copies (or, in case of oral presentations, a summary) to the extent that any law, treaty, rule or regulation of any Governmental Entity applicable to such party requires such party or its subsidiaries to restrict or prohibit access to any such properties or information. 5.16 Parent Board Designees. At the Effective Time, Parent shall cause one individual designated by Company and reasonably acceptable to Parent (the "COMPANY DESIGNEE") to be elected or appointed to the board of directors of Parent (the "PARENT BOARD") and shall take all actions necessary under the Parent Charter Documents, including by expanding the number of authorized directors on the Parent Board, in order to accomplish the foregoing. 5.17 Merger Sub Compliance. Parent shall cause Merger Sub to comply with all of Merger Sub's obligations under or relating to this Agreement. Merger Sub shall not engage in any business other than in connection with the Merger. -53-
ARTICLE VI CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER 6.1 Conditions to Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of each party to this Agreement to effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived in whole or in part, in writing by Parent and Company: (a) Stockholder Approvals. Prior to the Closing Date, (i) the requisite Company Stockholder Vote shall have been obtained and (ii) the requisite Parent Stockholder Vote shall have been obtained. (b) Registration Statement Effective; Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus. The SEC shall have declared the S-4 effective. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the S-4 or any part thereof shall have been issued and no proceeding for that purpose, and no similar proceeding in respect of the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus, shall have been initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC. (c) No Order. No Governmental Entity shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) which is in effect and which has the effect of making the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger. (d) HSR Act. All waiting periods, if any, under the HSR Act relating to the transactions contemplated hereby will have expired or terminated early, and all material foreign antitrust approvals required to be obtained prior to the Merger in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained. (e) Tax Opinions. Parent and Company shall each have received written opinions from their respective tax counsel (Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, and Fenwick & West LLP, respectively), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to them, to the effect that the Merger will constitute a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and such opinions shall not have been withdrawn; provided, however, that if the counsel to either Parent or Company does not render such opinion, this condition shall nonetheless be deemed to be satisfied with respect to such party if counsel to the other party renders such opinion to such party. The parties to this Agreement agree to make such reasonable representations as requested by such counsel for the purpose of rendering such opinions. (f) Nasdaq Listing. The shares of Parent Common Stock issuable to the stockholders of Company pursuant to this Agreement and such other shares required to be reserved for issuance in connection with the Merger shall have been authorized for listing on Nasdaq upon official notice of issuance. -54-
6.2 Additional Conditions to Obligations of Company. The obligation of Company to consummate and effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or in part, in writing, exclusively by Company: (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall have been true and correct as of the date hereof and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on the Closing Date, except (i) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not have a Material Adverse Effect on Parent on the Closing Date, (ii) for changes contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which representations and warranties shall have been true and correct (subject to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (i)) as of such particular date), or (iv) for the representations and warranties in Section 3.3(a) which shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the particular date set forth therein (it being understood that, in each case, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties, (A) all "Material Adverse Effect" qualifications and other qualifications based on the word "material" contained in such representations and warranties shall be disregarded and (B) any update of or modification to the Parent Schedules made or purported to have been made after the date of this Agreement shall be disregarded). Company shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub by each of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Parent with respect to the foregoing. (b) Agreements and Covenants. Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed or complied in all material respects with each of the agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by them on or prior to the Closing Date, and Company shall have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub by each of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Parent. (c) No Parent Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect on Parent shall have occurred from the date of this Agreement. Company shall have received a certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of Parent by each of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Parent. (d) Parent Board of Directors. Parent shall have taken all action necessary to elect or appoint, effective at the Effective Time, the Company Designee to the Parent Board. 6.3 Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate and effect the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in whole or in part, in writing, exclusively by Parent: (a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Company contained in this Agreement shall have been true and correct as of the date hereof and shall be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on the Closing Date, except (i) in each case, or in the aggregate, as does not have a Material Adverse Effect on -55-
Company on the Closing Date, (ii) for changes contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) for those representations and warranties which address matters only as of a particular date (which representations and warranties shall have been true and correct (subject to the qualifications as set forth in the preceding clause (i)) as of such particular date), or (iv) for the representations and warranties in second, third and fourth sentence of Section 2.3(a) and the second sentence of Section 2.3(b) which shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the particular date set forth therein (it being understood that, in each case, for purposes of determining the accuracy of such representations and warranties, (A) all "Material Adverse Effect" qualifications and other qualifications based on the word "material" contained in such representations and warranties shall be disregarded and (B) any update of or modification to the Company Schedule made or purported to have been made after the date of this Agreement shall be disregarded). Parent and Merger Sub shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Company by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Company with respect to the foregoing. (b) Agreements and Covenants. Company shall have performed or complied in all material respects with each of the agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it on or prior to the Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate to such effect signed on behalf of Company by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Company. (c) No Company Material Adverse Effect. No Material Adverse Effect on Company shall have occurred from the date of this Agreement. Parent shall have received a certificate with respect to the foregoing signed on behalf of Company by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Company. (d) No Governmental Restriction. There shall not be any pending or overtly threatened suit, action or proceeding asserted by any Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction (i) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the effect of which restraint or prohibition if obtained would cause the condition set forth in Section 6.1(c) to not be satisfied, or (ii) seeking to require Parent to agree to any divestiture material to Parent or Company by Parent or Company or any of Parent's subsidiaries or affiliates of shares of capital stock or of any business, assets or property of Parent or its subsidiaries or affiliates or Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates or seeking to impose any material limitation on the ability of any of them to conduct their businesses or to own or exercise control of such capital stock, assets or properties. -56-
ARTICLE VII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER 7.1 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the requisite approval of the stockholders of Company or Parent, respectively: (a) by mutual written consent duly authorized by the Boards of Directors of Parent and Company; (b) by either Company or Parent if the Merger shall not have been consummated for any reason by the date that is six (6) months following the date of this Agreement (which date shall be extended to the date that is nine (9) months following the date of this Agreement if the Merger shall not have been consummated as a result of (A) a failure to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 6.1(b), 6.1(c), 6.1(d) or Section 6.3(d) or (B) in the event Parent enters into an agreement providing for or publicly announces an acquisition for which pro forma financial statements are required in the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus under the Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act and such agreement or announcement is the proximate cause of the failure of the condition set forth in Section 6.1(a), a failure to satisfy the condition set forth in Section 6.1(a)); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(b) shall not be available to any party whose action or failure to act has been a principal cause of or resulted in the failure of the Merger to occur on or before such date and such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach of this Agreement; (c) by either Company or Parent if a Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction shall have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action, in any case having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger, which order, decree, ruling or other action is final and nonappealable; (d) by either Company or Parent if (i) the required Company Stockholder Vote shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at a meeting of Company stockholders duly convened therefor or at any adjournment thereof or (ii) the required Parent Stockholder Vote shall not have been obtained by reason of the failure to obtain the required vote at a meeting of Parent stockholders duly convened therefor or at any adjournment thereof; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(d) shall not be available to Company or Parent where the failure to obtain the Company Stockholder Vote or the Parent Stockholder Vote shall have been caused by the action or failure to act of Company or Parent, as the case may be, and such action or failure to act constitutes a material breach of this Agreement; (e) by Company, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Parent or Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub shall have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in Section 6.2(a) or Section 6.2(b) would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have become untrue; provided, that if -57-
such inaccuracy in Parent's or Merger Sub's representations and warranties or breach by Parent or Merger Sub is curable by Parent or Merger Sub within twenty (20) days, then Company may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(e) for twenty (20) days after delivery of written notice from Company to Parent of such breach, provided Parent continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach (it being understood that Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(e) if such breach by Parent is cured during such twenty- (20) day period); (f) by Parent, upon a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement on the part of Company set forth in this Agreement, or if any representation or warranty of Company shall have become untrue, in either case such that the conditions set forth in Section 6.3(a) or Section 6.3(b) would not be satisfied as of the time of such breach or as of the time such representation or warranty shall have become untrue; provided, that if such inaccuracy in Company's representations and warranties or breach by Company is curable by Company within twenty (20) days, then Parent may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 7.1(f) for twenty (20) days after delivery of written notice from the Parent to Company of such breach, provided Company continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure such breach (it being understood that Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(f) if such breach by Company is cured during such twenty- (20) day period); or (g) by Parent, if a Triggering Event (as defined below) shall have occurred. For the purposes of this Agreement, a "TRIGGERING EVENT" shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) Company's Board of Directors or any committee thereof shall for any reason have effected a Change of Recommendation, (ii) Company shall have failed to include in the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus the recommendation of Company's Board of Directors in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the approval of the Merger, (iii) Company shall have materially breached Section 5.2(a) or Section 5.3, (iv) Company's Board of Directors fails to reaffirm (publicly, if so requested by Parent), after public announcement of an Acquisition Proposal, its recommendation in favor of the adoption and approval of the Agreement and the approval of the Merger within ten (10) business days after Parent requests in writing that such recommendation be reaffirmed, (v) Company's Board of Directors or any committee thereof shall have approved or recommended any Acquisition Proposal, or (vi) a tender or exchange offer relating to Company's securities shall have been commenced by a person or group unaffiliated with Parent and Company shall not have sent to Company's stockholders pursuant to Rule 14e-2 promulgated under the Securities Act, within ten (10) business days after such tender or exchange offer is first published, sent or given, a statement disclosing that the Board of Directors of Company recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer. 7.2 Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination. Any termination of this Agreement under Section 7.1 above will be effective immediately upon the delivery of written notice of the terminating party to the other parties hereto (or such later time as may be required by Section 7.1). In the event of the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 7.1, this Agreement shall be of no further force or effect, except (i) as set forth in Section 5.5(a), Section 7.2, Section 7.3 and -58-
Article VIII, each of which shall survive the termination of this Agreement, and (ii) nothing herein shall relieve any party from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement. 7.3 Fees and Expenses. (a) General. Except as set forth in this Section 7.3, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such expenses whether or not the Merger is consummated; provided, however, that Parent and Company shall share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys' and accountants fees and expenses, incurred (i) in relation to the printing and filing of the Joint Proxy Statement/ Prospectus (including any preliminary materials related thereto) and the S-4 (including financial statements and exhibits) and any amendments or supplements thereto and (ii) for the pre-merger notification and report forms under the HSR Act and any other comparable pre-merger notification forms required by the merger notification or control laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction. (b) Termination Fee. (i) Notwithstanding Section 7.3(a), in the event that (A) Parent shall terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(g), or (B) this Agreement shall be terminated pursuant to Section 7.1(b) or pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(i) and, in the case of clause (B), (1) at or prior to such termination, there shall have been publicly proposed, or, with respect to termination pursuant to Section 7.1(b), there shall otherwise exist) a bona fide Acquisition Proposal relating to a Company Acquisition (as defined below) and (2) within twelve (12) months after such termination, Company shall enter into a letter of intent or definitive agreement with respect to any Company Acquisition or such Company Acquisition shall be consummated, then, in the case of clause (A), within one (1) business day after such termination, or in the case of clause (B), at or prior to, and as a condition of, the execution of a letter of intent or definitive agreement with respect to, or the consummation of such Company Acquisition, Company shall pay to Parent $150 million in cash. (ii) Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 7.3(b) are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Parent would not enter into this Agreement; accordingly, if Company fails to pay in a timely manner the amounts due pursuant to this Section 7.3(b) and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent makes a claim that results in a judgment against Company for the amounts set forth in this Section 7.3(b), Company shall pay to Parent its costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) in connection with such suit, together with interest on the amounts set forth in this Section 7.3(b) at the prime rate of Citibank N.A. in effect on the date such payment was required to be made. Payment of the fees described in this Section 7.3(b) shall not be in lieu of damages incurred in the event of breach of this Agreement. (iii) For the purposes of this Agreement, "COMPANY ACQUISITION" shall mean any of the following transactions (other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement): (A) a merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving Company pursuant to which the stockholders of -59-
Company immediately preceding such transaction hold less than 50% of the aggregate equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction, (B) a sale or other disposition by Company of assets representing in excess of 50% of the aggregate fair market value of Company's business immediately prior to such sale or (C) the acquisition by any person or group (including by way of a tender offer or an exchange offer or issuance by Company), directly or indirectly, of beneficial ownership or a right to acquire beneficial ownership of shares representing in excess of 50% of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of Company. 7.4 Amendment. Subject to applicable law, this Agreement may be amended by the parties hereto at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed by a duly authorized officer of each of Parent, Merger Sub and Company. 7.5 Extension; Waiver. At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party hereto may, to the extent legally allowed, (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties hereto, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such party contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant hereto and (iii) waive compliance with any of the agreements or conditions for the benefit of such party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party and shall not constitute a waiver of any other matter not specifically disclosed in such writing. Delay in exercising any right under this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right. ARTICLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS 8.1 Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Company, Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall terminate at the Effective Time, and only the covenants that by their terms survive the Effective Time shall survive the Effective Time. 8.2 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (b) on the date of confirmation of receipt (or the first business day following such receipt if the date is not a business day) if delivered by a nationally recognized courier service, or (c) on the date of confirmation of receipt (or the first business day following such receipt if the date is not a business day) if sent via facsimile (receipt confirmed), in each case to the parties at the following addresses or telecopy numbers (or at such other address or telecopy numbers for a party as shall be specified by like notice): -60-
(a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to: Juniper Networks, Inc. 1194 North Mathilda Ave. Sunnyvale, California 94089-1206 Attention: General Counsel Telephone: (408) 745-2384 Facsimile: (408) 745-8910 with a copy to: Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation 650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, California 94304 Attention: Larry W. Sonsini Katharine A. Martin Facsimile: (650) 493-6811 and to: Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation One Market Spear Tower, Suite 3300 San Francisco, California 94105 Attention: Steve L. Camahort Facsimile: (415) 947-2099 (b) if to Company, to: NetScreen Technologies, Inc. 805 11th Avenue, Bldg. 3 Sunnyvale, California 94089 Attention: Vice President, Legal Affairs Telephone: (408) 543-2100 Facsimile: (408) 543-6760 -61-
with a copy to: Fenwick & West LLP Silicon Valley Center 801 California St. Mountain View, California 94041 Attention: Matthew P. Quilter Facsimile: (650) 938-5200 8.3 Interpretation; Definitions. (a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to Exhibits, such reference shall be to an Exhibit to this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise indicated. The words "include," "includes" and "including" when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words "without limitation," unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. When reference is made herein to "the business of" an entity, such reference shall be deemed to include the business of all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity. Reference to the subsidiaries of an entity shall be deemed to include all direct and indirect subsidiaries of such entity. (b) For purposes of this Agreement: (i) the term "KNOWLEDGE" means with respect to a party hereto, with respect to any matter in question, the actual knowledge of the executive officers of such party after reasonable inquiry of their respective direct reports; (ii) the term "MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT" when used in connection with an entity shall mean any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, circumstance or effect (each an "EFFECT") that, individually or in the aggregate, is, or is reasonably likely to be, materially adverse to (x) the business, assets (including intangible assets), liabilities, capitalization, financial condition or results of operations of the entity taken as a whole, (y) or the ability of such entity to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in a timely manner; provided, however, that, in the case of clause (x), in no event shall any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute, nor shall any of the following be taken into account in determining whether there has occurred, a Material Adverse Effect: any adverse Effect (A) primarily resulting from the announcement and pendency of this Agreement (including stockholder litigation relating thereto) or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (B) resulting from changes affecting the United States or world economy generally, (C) resulting from changes affecting the industry in which such entity operates generally (which changes, in the case of (B) and (C), do not materially disproportionately affect such entity), and (D) resulting from a change in an entity's stock price or trading volume of such entity; provided that clause (D) shall not exclude any underlying effect -62-
which may have caused such change in stock price or trading volume; and, provided further, that clause (A) shall not be applicable to Effects related to breaches or inaccuracies in the representations or warranties the specific subject matter of which is the effectuation or effect of the Merger itself; and (iii) the term "PERSON" shall mean any individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, company (including any limited liability company or joint stock company), firm or other enterprise, association, organization, entity or Governmental Entity. 8.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. 8.5 Entire Agreement; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the documents and instruments and other agreements among the parties hereto as contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Company Schedule and the Parent Schedule, (a) constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, it being understood that the Confidentiality Agreement shall continue in full force and effect until the Closing and shall survive any termination of this Agreement; and (b) are not intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies hereunder, except as specifically provided in Section 5.11. Without limiting the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that the provisions in Section 5.9(d) are statements of intent only and no employee of Company or any of its subsidiaries or other Person (including any party hereto) shall have any rights or remedies, including rights of enforcement, with respect thereto and no employee of Company or any of its subsidiaries or other Person is or is intended to be a third-party beneficiary thereof. 8.6 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace such illegal, void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a legal, valid and enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such illegal, void or unenforceable provision. 8.7 Other Remedies; Specific Performance. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby, or by law or equity upon such party, and the exercise by a party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to seek an injunction or injunctions to prevent -63-
breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof in any court of the United States or any state having jurisdiction, this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 8.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of law thereof. 8.9 Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any state court within the State of Delaware in connection with any matter based upon or arising out of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein, and hereby further agrees that process may be served upon each of them in any manner authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware for such persons, and waives and covenants not to assert or plead any objection which it might otherwise have to such jurisdiction, venue and process. 8.10 Rules of Construction. The parties hereto agree that they have been represented by counsel during the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and, therefore, waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an agreement or other document will be construed against the party drafting such agreement or document. 8.11 Assignment. No party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other parties. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 8.12 Timing. With respect to all dates and time periods set forth or referred to in this Agreement, time is of the essence. 8.13 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF PARENT, MERGER SUB AND COMPANY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE ACTIONS OF PARENT, MERGER SUB OR COMPANY IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] ***** -64-
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized respective officers as of the date first written above. JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. By: /s/ Scott Kriens ----------------------------------- Name: Scott Kriens --------------------------------- Title: President, Chief Executive Officer and -------------------------------------- Chairman of the Board -------------------------------------- NERUS ACQUISITION CORP. By: /s/ Marcel Gani ----------------------------------- Name: Marcel Gani --------------------------------- Title: President NETSCREEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By: /s/ Robert Thomas ----------------------------------- Name: Robert Thomas --------------------------------- Title: President and Chief Executive Officer [SIGNATURE PAGE OF AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION]


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20040408171413.txt.gz
TIME:20040408171413
EVENTS:	Other events	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other events
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 5.     Other Events.
          On April 8, 2004, Juniper Networks, Inc. announced that it is calling for redemption, on May 12, 2004, of the remaining outstanding balance of its 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes due March 15, 2007 (the "Notes") in the principal amount of $142,076,000. Prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 11, 2004, holders may convert their Notes called for redemption into shares of Juniper Networks common stock at a price of approximately $163.9559 per share, or 6.0992 shares of Juniper Networks common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes. A copy of the press release issued by Juniper Networks on April 8, 2004 is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 7.     Financial Statements and Exhibits
          (c) Exhibits
Table of Contents
          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
SUNNYVALE, California  April 8, 2004  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) is calling today for redemption on May 12, 2004, of the remaining outstanding balance of its 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes due March 15, 2007 (the "Notes") in the principal amount of $142,076,000. The CUSIP number for the Notes is 48203R AA 2. The Notes were originally issued on March 8, 2000, in the aggregate principal amount of $1,150,000,000.
Prior to 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 11, 2004, holders may convert their Notes called for redemption into shares of Juniper Networks common stock at a price of approximately $163.9559 per share, or 6.0992 shares of Juniper Networks common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes. Cash will be paid in lieu of fractional shares. On April 7, 2004, the last reported sale price of Juniper Networks common stock on the NASDAQ National Market was $27.21 per share.
Alternatively, holders may have their Notes that have been called for redemption, redeemed on May 12, 2004. Upon redemption, holders will receive a total of approximately $1,027.7489 per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes (consisting of the redemption price of $1,020.36 per $1,000 principal amount of the Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon from March 15, 2004 up to but not including May 12, 2004, of approximately $7.3889 per $1,000 principal of the Notes). Any of the Notes called for redemption and not converted on or before 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on May 11, 2004, will be automatically redeemed on May 12, 2004, and no further interest will accrue.
The Notes are held in global form through the facilities of The Depositary Trust Company. Holders of the Notes should complete the appropriate instruction form for redemption or conversion, as applicable, pursuant to The Depositary Trust Company's book-entry system and follow such other directions as instructed by The Depositary Trust Company.
A Notice of Redemption is being sent to all registered holders of the Notes. Copies of the Notice of Redemption may be obtained from Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota, N.A., the Conversion Agent and Paying Agent, by calling Michael Lechner at (612)316-4305. The address of Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota is: Corporate Trust Services, Sixth and Marquette, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55479.
Following the completion of the redemption on May 12, 2004, the 4.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes due March 15, 2007 will be completely retired.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity  bandwidth  into a dependable, secure, and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. ERX, ESP, E-series, Internet Processor, J-Protect, JUNOS, JUNOScript, JUNOSe, M5, M7i, M10, M10i, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M320, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, T320, T640, and T-series are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20040416163637.txt.gz
TIME:20040416163637
EVENTS:	Acquisition or disposition of assets	Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Acquisition or disposition of assets
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
 
 
ITEM 2. ACQUISITION OR DISPOSITION OF ASSETS
     On April 16, 2004, at approximately 11:00 a.m. PDT, Juniper Networks announced that stockholders of both Juniper Networks and NetScreen had voted to approve matters related to the proposed acquisition of NetScreen by Juniper Networks. At approximately 2:00 p.m. PDT on April 16, 2004, Juniper Networks announced that it had completed its acquisition of NetScreen. Copies of the press releases issued by Juniper Networks on April 16, 2004 are attached as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 and are each incorporated herein by reference.
     Effective April 16, 2004, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of February 9, 2004 (the " Agreement"), among Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks"), NetScreen Technologies, Inc. ("NetScreen") and Nerus Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Juniper Networks ("Merger Sub"), Merger Sub was merged with and into NetScreen with NetScreen continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Juniper Networks (the "Merger").
     Pursuant to the Agreement, as a result of the Merger, each share of NetScreen common stock outstanding at the effective time of the Merger was converted into the right to receive 1.404 shares of Juniper Networks common stock. Following consummation of the Merger, NetScreen's common stock was delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market.
     The issuance of Juniper Networks common stock under the Agreement as described above was registered under the Securities Act of 1933 pursuant to Juniper Networks' registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-113033) (the "Registration Statement") filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and declared effective on March 11, 2004. The Joint Proxy Statement / Prospectus of Juniper Networks and NetScreen included in the Registration Statement contains additional information about this transaction, including a copy of the Agreement.
ITEM 7. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS
     (a) Financial statements of business acquired.
(1) The historical consolidated financial statements of NetScreen including NetScreen's consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2003 and 2002, and the consolidated statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders' equity for each of the fiscal years ended September 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001 were previously filed with the Registration Statement.
(2) The unaudited consolidated financial statements of NetScreen including NetScreen's unaudited consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2003 and the unaudited consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for the three months ended December 31, 2003 and 2002 were previously filed with the Registration Statement.
     (b) Pro forma financial information.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined consolidated financial statements of Juniper Networks for the year ended December 31, 2003 giving effect to the merger as a purchase of NetScreen by Juniper Networks in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X were previously filed with the Registration Statement.
(c) Exhibits
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

 
Exhibit 99.1
Sunnyvale, CA  April 16, 2004  Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) and NetScreen Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: NSCN) today announced that the stockholders of each company have approved matters relating to Juniper Networks' proposed acquisition of NetScreen at Special Meetings of Stockholders of each company held today. Juniper Networks stockholders voted in favor of the issuance of 1.404 shares of Juniper Networks common stock for each outstanding share of NetScreen common stock and each outstanding stock option to purchase NetScreen common stock. NetScreen stockholders voted to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of February 9, 2004. The parties expect to complete the transaction by the close of business (Pacific Time) today.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by converting a commodity  bandwidth  into a dependable, secure and highly valuable corporate asset. Founded in 1996 to meet the stringent demands of service providers, Juniper Networks is now relied upon by the world's leading network operators, government agencies, research and education institutions, and information-intensive enterprises as the foundation for uncompromising networks. The Infranet Initiative uses Juniper Networks MINT (Model for InfraNet Transformation) as its underlying framework. Juniper Networks is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net.
About NetScreen Technologies
NetScreen Technologies, Inc., is a leading developer of network security and access solutions for enterprises and carriers worldwide. NetScreen's solutions offer customers multiple layers of network and application-level protection in purpose-built appliances and systems that meet customers' security, performance and total cost of ownership objectives. NetScreen is located at 805 11th Ave., Sunnyvale, Calif., 94089. More information on NetScreen's products can be found at http://www.netscreen.com or by calling toll free at 1-800-638-8296.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws including, without limitation, statements regarding the following: the merger transaction, and the timing of the closing of the transaction. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions that could cause the actual results of Juniper Networks and NetScreen to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the satisfaction of other closing conditions to the transaction. A detailed discussion of other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included Juniper Networks' and NetScreen's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Juniper Networks and NetScreen undertake no obligation and do not intend to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after this press release.
 
Additional Information and Where to Find It
     Juniper Networks, Inc. has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a joint proxy statement/prospectus in connection with the merger transaction involving Juniper Networks and NetScreen. Investors and security holders are urged to read this filing and any amendments because it contains and any amendments will contain important information about the merger. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission's web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Juniper Networks by contacting Juniper Networks Investor Relations at 888-JUNIPER (888-586-4737) or 408-745-2000. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by NetScreen by contacting NetScreen Investor Relations at 408-543-2100.
     Juniper Networks and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Juniper Networks and NetScreen in connection with the merger. Information regarding the special interests of these directors and executive officers in the merger is included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus of Juniper Networks and NetScreen described above. Additional information regarding the directors and executive officers of Juniper Networks is also included in Juniper Networks' proxy statement for its 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28, 2003. This document is available free of charge at the Securities and Exchange Commission's web site at www.sec.gov and from Juniper Networks by contacting Juniper Networks Investor Relations at 888-JUNIPER (888-586-4737) or 408-745-2000.
     NetScreen and its directors and executive officers also may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of NetScreen and Juniper Networks in connection with the merger. Information regarding the special interests of these directors and executive officers in the merger is included in the joint proxy statement/prospectus of Juniper Networks and NetScreen described above. Additional information regarding these directors and executive officers is also included in NetScreen's proxy statement for its 2004 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 28, 2004. This document is available free of charge at the Securities and Exchange Commission's web site at www.sec.gov and from NetScreen by contacting NetScreen Investor Relations at 408-543-2100.
Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. ERX, ESP, E-series, Internet Processor, J-Protect, JUNOS, JUNOScript, JUNOSe, M5, M7i, M10, M10i, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M320, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, T320, T640, and T-series are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc.
NetScreen and the NetScreen logo are trademarks of NetScreen Technologies, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.

 
Exhibit 99.2
Sunnyvale, CA  April 16, 2004  Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) today announced that it has completed its acquisition of NetScreen Technologies, Inc. The trading of NetScreen common stock (Nasdaq: NSCN) will be suspended before the opening of the market on April 19, 2004.
Juniper Networks also announced that, under the terms of the transaction requiring the appointment of a designee of NetScreen to the board of directors, Frank J. Marshall has been appointed to the Juniper Networks board of directors as a Class III director with a term expiring in 2005. Mr. Marshall will be replacing Vinod Khosla, who has been a significant contributor to the board of directors since 1996.
"We're pleased to welcome Frank to the Juniper Networks board," commented Scott Kriens, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Juniper Networks. "Frank brings a wealth of knowledge regarding networking and security solutions and we look forward to his contributions."
Mr. Marshall joined the board of directors of NetScreen in December 1997 and became chairman of the NetScreen board in November 2002. Mr. Marshall is a private investor in early stage high technology companies. Mr. Marshall serves as a director and advisor for several private companies and is a director for PMC-Sierra, Inc., an internetworking semiconductor solutions company.
"I'm excited to be joining the Juniper Networks board," said Frank Marshall. "Juniper Networks has shown its ability to execute in a fast changing environment and to diversify throughout the world in multiple market segments."
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by creating competitive advantage for our customers with superior networking and security solutions. Juniper Networks is dedicated to customers who derive strategic value from their networks, including global network operators, enterprises, government agencies and research and educational institutions. Juniper Networks' portfolio of networking and security solutions support the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding mission critical networks. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws including, without limitation, statements regarding the following: the suspension of trading in NetScreen common stock. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties as well as assumptions that could cause the actual results of Juniper Networks to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. A detailed discussion of those risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from such forward-looking statements is included Juniper Networks' and NetScreen's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after this press release.
 
Juniper Networks is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in other countries as a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. ERX, ESP, E-series, Internet Processor, J-Protect, JUNOS, JUNOScript, JUNOSe, M5, M7i, M10, M10i, M20, M40, M40e, M160, M320, M-series, NMC-RX, SDX, T320, T640, and T-series are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. NetScreen and the NetScreen logo are trademarks of NetScreen Technologies, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20040421164739.txt.gz
TIME:20040421164739
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Item 7. Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 12. Results of Operations and Financial Condition
     On April 21, 2004, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") is issuing a press release and holding a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ending March 31, 2004. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Juniper Networks is making forward-looking statements regarding 2004 during the conference call and is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators management uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

EXHIBIT 99.1 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACT: RANDI PAIKOFF FEIGIN KATHY DURR Tel: 408-745-2371 Tel: 408-745-5058 randi@juniper.net kdurr@juniper.net JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. REPORTS Q1'04 FINANCIAL RESULTS Q1'04 NET REVENUE $224.1M; GAAP EPS $0.08; NON-GAAP EPS $0.09 Sunnyvale, CA - April 21, 2004 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the quarter ending March 31, 2004. Net revenues for the first quarter were $224.1 million, compared with $157.2 million for the same period last year, an increase of 43 percent. GAAP net income for the first quarter was $33.5 million or $0.08 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $3.7 million or $0.01 per share in the first quarter of 2003. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation and the gain on the sale of investments, was $36.4 million or $0.09 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $6.3 million or $0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2003. Cash provided by operations was $72.8 million for the first quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $12.4 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the first quarter were $7.6 million and $8.6 million, respectively. NetScreen Technologies, which was acquired by Juniper Networks on April 16, 2004, had net revenues for the quarter ending March 31, 2004 of $93.5 million, compared with $58.3 million for the same period last year, an increase of 60 percent. GAAP net loss for the quarter was $3.0 million or $0.03 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $5.9 million or $0.07 per share in the same quarter of 2003. Non-GAAP net income, which excludes the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred compensation and merger related costs, was $15.3 million or $0.15 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $13.0 million or $0.15 per share in the same quarter of 2003. Certain amortization of purchased intangible assets and deferred stock compensation was reclassed from cost of revenues to operating expenses to conform the presentation of NetScreen's Statements of Operations to Juniper Networks' presentation. Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter ended March 31, 2004 was $29.5 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $20.4 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2003. "The results posted by both Juniper and NetScreen as separate companies in the first quarter were strong in all areas," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "The strategy behind the decision to make this acquisition is to leverage the strength of both companies, and these results are a key step in executing our plan to extend Juniper's leadership position in the industry." Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 21, 2004 at 1:45 p.m. PT/4:45 p.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. In addition, there will be an audio replay available through May 21, 2004 at http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html or you can call the replay at 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140) and enter the reservation number, 21192333, through April 28, 2004. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by creating competitive advantage for our customers with superior networking and security solutions. Juniper Networks is dedicated to customers who derive strategic value from their networks, including global network operators, enterprises, government agencies and research and educational institutions. Juniper Networks' portfolio of networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding mission critical networks. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net. Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. Statements in this release concerning Juniper Network's business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's Form S-4 and most recent Form 10K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information regarding NetScreen Technologies, Inc's independent financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2004 and for prior periods is provided for informational purposes only. Historical NetScreen information relates to periods prior to our acquisition and does not comprise a part of Juniper's financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2004. The financial results of NetScreen from and after April 16, 2004, the date of the acquisition, will be combined with and included in our financial results, beginning with the quarter ending June 30, 2004. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands)
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts)
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. NON-GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (1) (in thousands, except per share amounts) (1) The non-GAAP statements exclude the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation and the gain from the sale of investments. See reconciliation to GAAP information below:
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands)
NETSCREEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands)
NETSCREEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts)
NETSCREEN TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NON-GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (1) (in thousands, except per share amounts) (1) The non-GAAP statements exclude the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation and merger related costs. See reconciliation to GAAP information below:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20040713162004.txt.gz
TIME:20040713162004
EVENTS:		Financial statements and exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: 
ITEM: Financial statements and exhibits
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
     On July 13, 2004, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ending June 30, 2004. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Juniper Networks is making forward-looking statements regarding 2004 during the conference call and is making reference to non-GAAP financial information in both the press release and the conference call.
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information
     To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators management uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 99.1 INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT: PUBLIC RELATIONS CONTACT: MICHELLE LEVINE KATHY DURR Tel: 408-936-2775 Tel: 408-745-5058 mlevine@juniper.net kdurr@juniper.net JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. REPORTS Q2'04 FINANCIAL RESULTS Q2'04 NET REVENUE $306.9M; GAAP NET LOSS PER SHARE $0.02; NON-GAAP EPS $0.08 Sunnyvale, CA - July 13, 2004 -- Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the quarter ending June 30, 2004. Net revenues for the second quarter were $306.9 million, compared with $165.1 million for the same period last year, an increase of 86 percent. GAAP net loss for the second quarter was $12.6 million or $0.02 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $13.6 million or $0.03 per share in the second quarter of 2003. Non-GAAP net income was $42.7 million or $0.08 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $10.3 million or $0.03 per share in the second quarter of 2003. See the table at the bottom of the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP net income to the GAAP net loss. Cash provided by operations was $119.0 million for the second quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $60.3 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the second quarter were $12.1 million and $10.1 million, respectively. In a separate announcement, Juniper today announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $250 million. "The key to Juniper's strong second quarter results was our simultaneous execution," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "We met our financial objectives, exceeded our goals for integration of the NetScreen acquisition, expanded our partner and channel relationships, all while remaining intensely focused on our customers and their needs for secure high performance network solutions. As a result, our momentum and the confidence of our customers put us in an incredible position as we enter the second half of 2004." Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 13, 2004 at 1:45 p.m. PT/4:45 p.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. In addition, there will be an audio replay available through August 13, 2004 at http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html or you can call the replay at 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140) and enter the reservation number, 21200631, through July 20, 2004. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends. ABOUT JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by creating competitive advantage for our customers with superior networking and security solutions. Juniper Networks is dedicated to customers who derive strategic value from their networks, including global network operators, enterprises, government agencies and research and educational institutions. Juniper Networks' portfolio of networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding mission critical networks. Additional information can be found at www.juniper.net. Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Network's business outlook, future financial and operating results, overall future prospects and stock repurchase program are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's most recent Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release. 2
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) 3
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands, except per share amounts) - --------------------------- (1) Product net revenues are generated from groups of similar products as follows:
Infrastructure $ 219,834 $ 141,067 $ 414,018 $ 276,241 Security 43,836 - 43,836 - ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- Total $ 263,670 $ 141,067 $ 457,854 $ 276,241 =========== =========== =========== ===========
(2) Amortization of deferred stock compensation relates to the following cost and expense categories by period:
Cost of revenues $ 1,283 $ 130 $ 1,295 $ 239 Research and development 8,733 1,850 9,121 3,512 Sales and marketing 7,718 373 7,778 700 General and administrative 1,094 147 1,107 269 ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- Total $ 18,828 $ 2,500 $ 19,301 $ 4,720 =========== =========== =========== ===========
4
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. NON-GAAP CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (1) (in thousands, except per share amounts) - ---------- (1) The non-GAAP statements exclude in-process research and development, integration costs, restructuring costs, amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, a prior period acquisition related adjustment, gain on sale of investments and the gain or loss on redemption of the convertible subordinated notes. See reconciliation to GAAP information below: 5
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 6


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20041014161833.txt.gz
TIME:20041014161833
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 14, 2004, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ending September 30, 2004. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superceded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release of Juniper Networks, Inc. issued on October 14, 2004
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators managemen t uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Sunnyvale, CA  October 14, 2004  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the quarter ending September 30, 2004.
Net revenues for the third quarter were $375.0 million, compared with $172.1 million for the same period last year, an increase of 118 percent.
GAAP net income for the third quarter was $48.8 million or $0.09 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $7.2 million or $0.02 per share in the third quarter of 2003. Non-GAAP net income was $73.5 million or $0.13 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $14.7 million or $0.04 per share in the third quarter of 2003. See the table at the bottom of the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP net income to the GAAP net income.
Cash provided by operations was $105.2 million for the third quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $42.9 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the third quarter were $25.0 million and $10.6 million, respectively.
"We are once again pleased with our revenue and earnings growth for the quarter, and as a result we are investing that success in scaling the business for continued expansion," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "We see consistent and strong reinforcement for our strategy and will remain focused on capitalizing on the opportunities we see and the position we enjoy in the marketplace today."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 14, 2004 at 1:45 p.m. PT/4:45 p.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until November 30, 2004. A replay will be accessible by telephone after 3:00 p.m. PT, through October 21, 2004 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21209936. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by creating competitive advantage for our customers with superior networking and security solutions. Juniper Networks is dedicated to customers who derive strategic value from their networks, including global network operators, enterprises, government agencies and research and educational institutions. Juniper Networks' portfolio of networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding mission critical networks. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Network's business outlook, future financial and operating results, overall future prospects and stock repurchase program are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements in this release as a result of certain factors, including those set forth in the risk factors described in the Company's most recent Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
The non-GAAP statements exclude restructuring costs, amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, in-process research and development, integration costs, write-down of investments, gain (loss) on redemption of convertible subordinated notes, gain on sale of investments and a prior period acquisition related adjustment. See reconciliation to GAAP information below:
(1)


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20041214114237.txt.gz
TIME:20041214114237
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
The disclosure set forth in Item 5.02 below is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.
On December 14, 2004, Juniper Networks announced that it has appointed Robert Dykes to the position of Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, 2005. Mr. Dykes, age 55, is currently employed by Flextronics International Ltd., a leading provider of advanced electronics manufacturing services. Mr. Dykes has served as Chief Financial Officer of Flextronics since February 1997 and as President, Systems Group since February 1999. Prior to joining Flextronics, Mr. Dykes served for nine years as executive vice president, Worldwide Operations and Chief Financial Officer of Symantec Corporation, a provider of information security products. Mr. Dykes also held CFO roles at industrial robots manufacturer, Adept Technology, and at disc drive controller manufacturer, Xebec. He also held senior financial management positions at Ford Motor Company. He received a Bachelor of Commerce and Administration from Victoria University in Wellington, New Zealand. On December 13, 2004, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Dykes, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Dykes will be employed on an "at will" basis and will: (i) receive an annual base salary of $400,000, (ii) be eligible for a target bonus equal to 100% of his base salary, and (iii) receive an initial stock option grant of 500,000 shares of the Company's common stock. This option will have a ten year term, an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant, and will vest over a four year term, such that the options will become exercisable as to 25% of the total grant on the one-year anniversary of the commencement of his employment and become exercisable as to 1/48th of the total grant per month thereafter. If the Company terminates Mr. Dykes' employment for a reason other than Cause (as defined in the agreement), Mr. Dykes will be entitled to certain additional benefits provided in the agreement. This description of the employment agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of the agreement attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. Mr. Dykes will fill the position currently held by Marcel Gani. Mr. Gani is assuming the role of chief of staff. A copy of the press release issued by the Company is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

November 30, 2004
Mr. Robert B. Dykes 12200 Kate Drive Los Altos, CA 94022
Dear Bob:
We are delighted to extend an offer to you to join Juniper Networks Inc. ("JNI" or the "Company") as Executive Vice President, Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer reporting to me. This letter will confirm the terms of your employment with the Company as follows:
The terms of this offer are contingent upon the approval of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors.
For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide to JNI documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within three business days of your date of hire with JNI, or our employment relationship with you may be terminated. Documents, which may be submitted for inspection, include one of the following: current passport, alien registration card, or certificate of U. S. citizenship or naturalization. Alternately, you may submit one of each of the following two categories: (1) current state issued driver's license or I.D. card with photograph, U. S. military card; (2) original social security card, birth certificate issued by state, county or municipal authority bearing a seal or other certification, or unexpired INS Employment authorization.
This offer is contingent upon your obtaining the requisite immigration status and employment authorization. If you are a foreign national requiring work authorization to begin employment, you must contact the Company's Immigration Department at to initiate the visa process. The Company will submit a petition on your behalf to obtain employment authorization, as well as file visa applications for your immediate dependent family members. The Company will pay the legal fees and costs related to these filings. Because the number of work visas available each year is limited by the U.S. government, the Company reserves the right to withdraw or suspend this offer if the Company is not able to obtain work authorization for you in a reasonable period of time. Please note that if you currently have employment authorization such as practical, curricular or academic training (F-1 or J-1), you must contact the Company's Immigration Department before beginning employment.
immigration@juniper.net
If you choose to accept this offer, your employment with JNI will be voluntarily entered into and will be for no specified period. As a result, you will be free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason, as you deem appropriate. JNI will have a similar right and may conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause.
Bob, let me close by reaffirming our belief that the skill and background you bring to Juniper Networks will be instrumental to the future success of the company. We look forward to you joining our team. If you have any questions regarding this offer, please contact me.
You may accept this offer by signing below and returning the original letter along with the enclosed paperwork to June Weaver at 1194 N. Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA. 94089. Please retain the extra original letter for your personal records.
Very truly yours,
/s/ Scott Kriens Scott Kriens Chief Executive Officer
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC.
I accept the terms of this letter and agree to keep the terms of this letter confidential.
Start date. Jan 1, 2005

Kathy Durr Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-745-5058
Media Contact:
kdurr@juniper.net
Michelle Levine Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-936-2775
Investor Relations Contact:
mlevine@juniper.net
- Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) today announced the appointment of Robert R. B. Dykes to the position of chief financial officer (CFO) and executive vice president, Business Operations. Currently CFO and president, Systems Group of global Electronics Manufacturing Services provider, Flextronics, Dykes brings more than 30 years' fiscal management experience to Juniper Networks, together with a solid track record in building world class operational organizations. Starting on January 1 2005, Dykes will oversee all business systems functions at Juniper Networks, and will have responsibility for finance, legal, information technology, human resources, investor relations and manufacturing operations.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., December 14, 2004
st
Dykes will succeed Marcel Gani, who will remain with the company in the role of chief of staff. Gani will assist chairman and CEO, Scott Kriens, in driving some of the internal and external tasks involving overall strategy and direction.
"We're very excited to welcome Bob to the Juniper team," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks. "With his financial acumen, solid operational background and strategic insight, Bob will be a key asset as we continue to scale the company and extend our worldwide operations. This is another important step in the continuing expansion and strengthening of our management team."
Dykes joins Juniper Networks from Flextronics where, in his role as CFO and president, Systems Group, he led financial and operational functions for one of the largest and most complex manufacturing organizations in the world. During his seven year tenure he helped guide the company's expansion from $500 million to $14 billion in revenue. Prior to that, Dykes spent 9 years as executive vice president, Worldwide Operations and CFO of Symantec Corporation where, having guided the company through its IPO, he built a world class global operations organization and helped grow the company's revenues from $40 million to $600 million. Dykes also held CFO roles at industrial robots manufacturer, Adept Technology and at disc drive controller manufacturer, Xebec. He also held senior financial management positions at Ford Motor Company.
Dykes holds a Bachelor of Commerce in Administration degree from Victoria University, Wellington, New Zealand.
Juniper Networks transforms the business of networking by creating competitive advantage for our customers with superior networking and security solutions. Juniper Networks is dedicated to customers who derive strategic value from their networks, including global network operators, enterprises, government agencies and research and educational institutions. Juniper Networks' portfolio of networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding mission critical networks. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050118161556.txt.gz
TIME:20050118161556
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 18, 2005, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ending December 31, 2004. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superceded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release of Juniper Networks issued on January 18, 2005
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the users overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators managem ent uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Sunnyvale, CA  January 18, 2005  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the quarter and annual periods ended December 31, 2004.
Net revenues for the fourth quarter were $430.1 million, compared to $207.0 million for the same period last year, an increase of 108 percent.
GAAP net income for the fourth quarter was $66.0 million or $0.11 per share, compared to $14.7 million or $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter of 2003. Non-GAAP net income was $85.9 million or $0.15 per share, compared to $27.7 million or $0.06 per share in the fourth quarter of 2003. See the table at the bottom of the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP net income to the GAAP net income.
Net revenues for the full year 2004 were $1,336.0 million, compared to $701.4 million during calendar year 2003, an increase of 90 percent.
GAAP net income for calendar year 2004 was $135.7 million or $0.25 per share, compared to $39.2 million or $0.09 per share during calendar year 2003. Non-GAAP net income for calendar year 2004 was $238.6 million or $0.44 per share, compared to $59.0 million or $0.14 per share during calendar year 2003. See the table at the bottom of the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP net income to the GAAP net income.
Cash provided by operations was $142.5 million for the fourth quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $62.9 million for the same period last year. Cash provided by operations for 2004 was $439.4M, up from $178.6M in 2003. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the fourth quarter were $18.5 million and $11.5 million, respectively.
"The fourth quarter was strong in every dimension, which completed a year of record performance," said Scott Kriens, CEO of Juniper Networks. "We are in the sweet spot of the new networking industry, with both opportunities and capabilities to extend our growth and leadership strengths in an expanding marketplace."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 18, 2005 at 1:45 p.m. PT/4:45 p.m. ET at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until February 28, 2005. A replay will be accessible by telephone after 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time through January 25, 2005 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21227354. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
Juniper Networks is the leader in delivering secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
The non-GAAP statements exclude restructuring costs, amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, in-process research and development, integration costs, write-down of investments, loss on redemption of convertible subordinated notes, gain on sale of investments and a prior period acquisition related adjustment. See reconciliation to GAAP information below:
(1)


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050208120319.txt.gz
TIME:20050208120319
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On Febraury 2, 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. met and approved certain bonus payments for excutive officers and also approved a bonus compensation plan for executive officers for the registrant's 2005 fiscal year. The payments and the 2005 executive officer bonus plan are summarized on Exhibit 10.1 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Summary of Compensatory Plans and Arrangements Adopted February 2, 2005
On February 2, 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") met and (i) adopted the Company's 2005 Bonus Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (the "Plan"); (ii) approved certain bonus payments to 2004 executive officers under the 2004 executive officer bonus plan; and (iii) approved a bonus payment to Krishna "Kittu" Kolluri, in each case as summarized below.
i) . The participants in the Plan are divided into two categories as follows:
2005 Executive Officer Bonus Plan
The payment of bonuses under the Plan for all participants is based on performance against revenue, earnings and margin targets. The relative weighting of each metric varies between corporate and business team participants, such that corporate participant bonuses are based 50% on overall corporate performance and 25% on the performance of each business team. Business team participant bonuses are based 50% on overall corporate performance and 50% on the performance of their respective business team.
The target bonus of Scott Kriens is 150% of base salary. The target bonus for each other participant is 100% of base salary.
For each of the participants, a specified minimum achievement against all target metrics is required for any payment of bonuses. Overachievement of the target metrics can result in payment of bonuses in excess of the target bonus (up to a maximum of 200% of target bonus).
The final bonus for each participant, calculated as described above, is subject to adjustment. For corporate participants, those adjustments are based upon a combination of the company's performance compared to industry peers and individually set performance goals. For business team participants, the adjustments are based upon individually set performance goals.
ii) . The committee also authorized payments to 2004 executive officers under the 2004 executive officer bonus plan as follows:
2004 Bonus Payments
These payments were based upon the relative achievement of 2004 goals for revenue and earnings targets, revenue growth versus industry peers and new business acquisition (as described in the Joint Proxy/Prospectus filed by the registrant in connection with the NetScreen acquisition), and were adjusted based on achievement against individual goals.
iii) . The committee also approved the payment to Mr. Kolluri of a $200,000 bonus that was committed to him by NetScreen Technologies at the time that NetScreen acquired Neoteris, Inc. The bonus milestones were based upon on-time delivery of certain products, SSL VPN product leadership and length of service.
Krishna "Kittu" Kolluri Merger Bonus


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050419161935.txt.gz
TIME:20050419161935
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 19, 2005, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ending March 31, 2005. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superceded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on April 19, 2005
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the users overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators managem ent uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Sunnyvale, CA  April 19, 2005  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the quarter ended March 31, 2005.
Net revenues for the quarter were $449.1 million, compared to $224.1 million for the same period last year, an increase of 100%.
GAAP net income for the quarter was $75.4 million or $0.13 per share, compared to a GAAP net income of $33.5 million or $0.08 per share in the first quarter of 2004. Non-GAAP net income was $91.9 million or $0.16 per share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $36.4 million or $0.08 per share in the first quarter of 2004. See the table at the bottom of the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP net income to the GAAP net income.
Cash provided by operations was $134.4 million for the quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $72.8 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the quarter were approximately $22.5 million and $11.7 million, respectively.
"We are once again pleased with the results behind a solid quarter of growth in both our financial metrics as well as our marketplace progress," said Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO of Juniper Networks. "The themes behind our success remain the same  innovation, focus, execution  all of which makes the delivery of our continued growth possible and expands our leadership presence in the industry".
Juniper Networks is focusing on leveraging its traffic processing expertise to deliver secure and assured networking to help our customers in numerous ways and across different geographies.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 19, 2005 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until May 19, 2005. A replay will be accessible by telephone after 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time through April 26th, 2005 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21238298. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at
www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
*2004 amounts have been restated to include shares issuable upon conversion of the Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due June 15, 2008
*2004 amounts have been restated to include shares issuable upon conversion of the Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due June 15, 2008
The non-GAAP statements exclude the amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation. See reconciliation to GAAP information below:
(1)


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050426162623.txt.gz
TIME:20050426162623
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01. Other Events.
On April 26, 2005, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its entering into definitive agreements to acquire Peribit Networks, Inc. and Redline Networks, Inc. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superceded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits 99.1 Press Release issued Juniper Networks on April 26, 2005
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Michelle Levine Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-936-2775
Investor Relations Contact:
mlevine@juniper.net
Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) today announced it has signed definitive agreements to acquire Peribit Networks, Inc., a leader in Wide Area Network (WAN) optimization technology, and Redline Networks, Inc., a pioneer in the development of Application Front End (AFE) technology. The Peribit Networks acquisition is valued at approximately $337 million in cash, stock and assumed stock options. The Redline Networks acquisition is valued at approximately $132 million in cash and assumed stock options.
SUNNYVALE, CA  April 26, 2005 
These acquisitions further Juniper Networks' strategy to secure and assure the delivery and performance of applications over an IP network through best-in-class traffic processing. WAN optimization and Application Front End technologies are key elements in addressing the performance and security issues associated with an increasingly distributed and mobile enterprise. As applications become networked across distances, the ability for users to access them with security and assurance is compromised. WAN optimization technology enables distributed enterprises to deliver LAN-quality application performance over the WAN. Application Front Ends maximize the performance, flexibility and scalability of web-enabled enterprise data centers and sites. By combining these technologies with its best-in-class IP infrastructure and security solutions, Juniper Networks delivers a powerful and unique solution to address these issues head on. In doing so it has defined a new category  Application Assurance.
"Juniper Networks is capitalizing on its leadership position to redefine the networking market," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks. "The addition of application acceleration technologies to Juniper Networks' best-in-class routing and security solutions is a natural extension of our traffic processing strategy. We are raising the bar on what users can and should expect from the network."
According to Gartner, Inc., "Business demand for application-acceleration solutions increased dramatically during the past two years. While a number of stand-alone market segments were developed to solve specific application performance issues, we are seeing a rapid consolidation of the market into a more comprehensive application-acceleration market in which multifunction platforms are the norm."*
Founded in early 2000, Peribit Networks develops WAN optimization appliances. Peribit Networks' platforms and software provide customers with increased WAN capacity, faster application performance, prioritized application delivery and systemwide visibility of network and application performance. Peribit Networks' solutions enable applications to run dramatically better over the WAN and their products have been installed in over 900 enterprise customers worldwide.
Also founded in early 2000, Redline Networks designs network solutions that maximize the performance, flexibility and scalability of web-enabled enterprise data centers and public web sites. The company's family of Application Front Ends, deployed within the boundaries of corporate data centers, enables users to control and customize any web-based environment while reducing infrastructure cost and complexity. Redline Networks has over 350 enterprise customers.
The Peribit Networks acquisition is expected to close in the third quarter of 2005 and is subject to certain customary closing conditions, including Hart Scott Rodino (HSR) approval. The Redline Networks acquisition is expected to close in the second quarter of 2005 and is subject to certain customary closing conditions.
The combined revenue for both Peribit Networks and Redline Networks was approximately $40M in 2004. The combined impact of Peribit Networks and Redline Networks, as well as Kagoor Networks, which is expected to close shortly, will be 1 to 2 cents dilutive to earnings per share in the second half of 2005 and accretive to earnings per share in 2006.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 26, 2005 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time). The conference call can be accessed by dialing 800-238-9065 or 212-676-5272 for international callers, or live over the Internet at: http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/announcement.html. The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until May 26, 2005. A replay will be accessible by telephone after 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time through May 3, 2005 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number: 21245371. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends
Conference Call
.
Peribit Networks improves business efficiencies by resolving the technical limitations of WANs. The company's integrated PeriSphere architecture accelerates application performance, simplifies application rollouts, facilitates data center consolidation, and improves disaster recovery, backup, and regulatory compliance. Peribit Sequence Reducer and Sequence Mirror platforms, combined with the Sequence Reduction System and PeriScope Central Management System software, accelerate applications, increase WAN capacity, enable application control, and provide unprecedented visibility into WAN performance. The result: greater employee productivity, more efficient use of WAN resources, and rapid return on IT investments. Peribit Networks is a privately-held company based in Santa Clara, Calif. and is backed by Accel Partners, Foundation Capital and Mayfield. For more information, visit the company's website at .
About Peribit Networks, Inc.
www.peribit.com
Redline Networks designs and manufactures network appliances that maximize the performance, flexibility, availability, security and scalability of Web-enabled applications. The company's family of E|X application front end network appliances, deployed at corporate data centers, and T|X Web I/O processors, used by Web sites, enable users to control and customize any HTTP-based environment while reducing infrastructure cost and complexity. Redline Networks is a privately-held company based in Campbell, Calif. Redline Networks is backed by Advanced Technology Ventures, Charles River Ventures and private investors. For more information on Redline Networks and its products, visit .
About Redline Networks, Inc.
http://www.RedlineNetworks.com
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects, including but not limited to, the completion of the acquisition of Peribit Networks, Redline Networks and Kagoor networks and the possible effect of the acquisition on Juniper Networks' future earnings, are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage Peribit Networks' and Redline Networks' businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
*Gartner Research "Application-Acceleration Market Driven by Demand for Highly Integrated Solutions" by Joe Skorupa, Mark Fabbi. December 30, 2004
.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050428141547.txt.gz
TIME:20050428141547
EVENTS:	Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
TEXT:
ITEM: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
On April 25, 2005, Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Juniper"), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the "Merger Agreement") with Peribit Networks, Inc., a California corporation ("Peribit"), Blanc Acquisition Corporation, a California corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ("Sub"), and certain other parties, which provides for the merger of Sub with and into Peribit with Peribit to be the surviving corporation (the "Merger"). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Juniper will pay approximately $50.6 million in cash and issue shares of its common stock and assume outstanding options held by Peribit employees, which will become convertible into shares of Juniper common stock, which shares and options are valued at approximately $286.5 million. The total consideration to be paid by Juniper in the Merger is subject to adjustment for certain allocated expenses and other amounts and, therefore, the aggregate value of the number of shares could increase with a c orresponding decrease in cash. The shares of Juniper common stock to be issued in the Merger are expected to be issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The availability of the Section 3(a)(10) exemption is contingent upon the determination by an appropriate governmental authority, after a public hearing at which all interested parties are invited to attend, that the terms and conditions of the issuance of Juniper securities in the Merger are fair. Juniper intends to apply for a "fairness hearing" to be conducted by the California Commissioner of Corporations and for the issuance of a permit qualifying the issuance of Juniper securities in the Merger pursuant to Section 25121 of the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended. In the event that the permit is not issued, Juniper and Peribit have agreed that the shares may be sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-4. The Merger is subject to o rdinary and customary closing conditions, and is expected to close during the third quarter of 2005.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050706114647.txt.gz
TIME:20050706114647
EVENTS:	Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
     As previously disclosed, Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Juniper Networks") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated April 25, 2005 (the "Merger Agreement"), between Juniper Networks, Peribit Networks, Inc., a California corporation ("Peribit"), Blanc Acquisition Corporation, a California corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Juniper Networks ("Sub"), and certain other parties, which provides for the merger of Sub with and into Peribit with Peribit to be the surviving corporation (the "Merger"). The Merger closed on July 1, 2005. In connection with the Merger, Juniper Networks will issue 11,336,476 shares of its common stock in exchange for the outstanding shares of capital stock held by Peribit stockholders.
     The shares of Juniper Networks common stock issued in the Merger are issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The availability of the Section 3(a)(10) exemption is based upon the determination by an appropriate governmental authority, after a public hearing at which all interested parties were invited to attend, that the terms and conditions of the issuance of Juniper Networks securities in the Merger are fair. Juniper Networks was issued a permit qualifying the issuance of Juniper Networks securities in the Merger pursuant to Section 25121 of the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended, following a "fairness hearing" that was conducted by the California Commissioner of Corporations on June 30, 2005.
Item 8.01. Other Events.
     On July 6, 2005, Juniper Networks issued a press release announcing the closing of the Merger with Peribit. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
     (c) .
Exhibits
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
: Kathy Durr Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-745-5058 kdurr@juniper.net
Media Contacts
Michelle Levine Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-936-2775 mlevine@juniper.net
Investor Relations Contact:
Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) today announced it has completed the acquisition of Peribit Networks, Inc., a leader in Wide Area Network (WAN) optimization technology. Juniper Networks announced a definitive agreement to acquire Peribit Networks on April 26, 2005.
SUNNYVALE, CA  July 6, 2005 
     Headquartered in Santa Clara and founded in early 2000, Peribit Networks develops WAN optimization appliances. Peribit Networks' platforms and software provide customers with increased WAN capacity, faster application performance, prioritized application delivery and system-wide visibility of network and application performance. Peribit Networks' solutions enable applications to run dramatically better over the WAN. Its products have been installed in over 900 enterprise customers worldwide.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050719162028.txt.gz
TIME:20050719162028
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 19, 2005, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2005. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superceded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on July 19, 2005
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the users overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators managem ent uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Sunnyvale, CA  July 19, 2005  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2005.
Net revenues for the second quarter were $493.0 million, compared with $306.9 million for the same period last year, an increase of 61 percent.
GAAP net income for the second quarter was $89.0 million or $0.15 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $12.6 million or $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2004. Non-GAAP net income was $104.3 million or $0.18 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $42.7 million or $0.08 per share in the second quarter of 2004. See the table at the bottom of the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP net income to the GAAP net income.
Cash provided by operations was $166.1 million for the second quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $119.0 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the second quarter were $18.1 million and $12.9 million, respectively.
"The news for this quarter is once again growth  significant revenue growth, outpaced by earnings per share growth, all while our investment in innovation grows as well," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks. "The momentum we are enjoying in our brand, our portfolio and the corresponding market opportunity continues to be fueled by the confidence of our customers and the strong demand for the value we bring to the network."
Juniper Networks continues to leverage its traffic processing expertise to enhance the value of the network for customers worldwide.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 19, 2005 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html. The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until August 19, 2005. A replay will be accessible by telephone after 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time through July 26th, 2005 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21250338. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at
www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
2004 amounts have been restated to include shares issuable upon conversion of the Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due June 15, 2008
(2)
The non-GAAP statements exclude in-process research and development, integration costs, restructuring costs, amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, and the loss on redemption of the convertible subordinated notes. See reconciliation to GAAP information below:
(3)


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050810163023.txt.gz
TIME:20050810163023
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On August 4, 2005, following a periodic review of director compensation, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. approved the following compensation for non-employee members of the Board of Directors: 1. Annual retainers, paid on a quarterly basis, of $30,000 for service as a director, $10,000 for service on the Audit Committee, $5,000 for service on the Compensation Committee, and $5,000 for service on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. 2. An additional annual retainer, paid on a quarterly basis, to the Chairman of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees of $20,000, $5,000 and $5,000, respectively. 3. Meeting attendance fees of $1,250 for each Board meeting attended in person, $625 for each Board meeting attended by telephone or video conference, $625 for each Audit, Compensation, or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee meeting attended in person and $312.50 for each such committee me eting attended by telephone or video conference. 4. Upon initial election as a director, the individual will be granted a stock option to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock which shall vest in 36 equal monthly installments and shall have a term of 10 years. 5. Upon the date of each regular Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Juniper Networks, Inc., each director will be granted a stock option to purchase 20,000 shares of Common Stock which shall vest in 12 equal monthly installments and shall have a term of 10 years. The revised director compensation will take effect during the quarter ending September 30, 2005. In addition, on August 4, 2005, the Compensation Committee approved a bonus program for certain employees, including Mr. Krishna Kolluri, an executive officer of Juniper Networks, Inc. This bonus is payable in October 2006 and is contingent upon achievement of objectives relating to Juniper Networks SSL VPN products. Mr. Kolluri could receive up to $677,683 pursuant to this bonus program.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050825145421.txt.gz
TIME:20050825145421
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On August 25, 2005, Juniper Networks, Inc. issued a press release, a copy of which is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on August 25, 2005.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Kathy Durr Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-745-5058 Randi Paikoff Feigin Juniper Networks, Inc. 408-745-2371
Media Contact:
kdurr@juniper.net
Investor Relations:
randi@juniper.net
SUNNYVALE, Calif., August 25, 2005Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) today announced the appointment of Rob Sturgeon, vice president, Customer Service, to the position of executive vice president and general manager, Security Products Group. In this position, Sturgeon will drive the group's business strategy and product development roadmap as the company continues to extend its traffic processing franchise through the delivery of secure and assured networking solutions. Sturgeon succeeds Krishna Kittu' Kolluri, who will remain with Juniper through 2005 in support of the transition, after which he will pursue his passion as an investor, spearheading investments in technology start-ups between India and the US. Sturgeon's appointment is effective immediately.
"I'm very excited to welcome Rob to his new position," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and chief executive officer, Juniper Networks. "Rob has been an invaluable asset to Juniper over the past 4 years as the architect of a world class service organization. I'm confident that his strategic insight, customer knowledge, technical expertise and leadership skills will build on the success Kittu has helped to establish. Kittu is an inspirational, focused leader whose contributions to Juniper are reflected in the strength of the SPG team. I'm pleased to be able to announce a smooth transition, and look forward to continuing to work closely with Kittu."
Rob Sturgeon joined Juniper Networks in December 2001 as vice president, Customer Service, tasked with extending customer service and support to more than 500 service providers and carriers worldwide. Under his leadership, Juniper Networks' service business has grown approximately 300%, to almost $300M annualized, and support has been extended to Juniper Networks' growing portfolio of global enterprise customers and government organizations.
Prior to joining Juniper Networks, Mr. Sturgeon was vice president of Customer Service for Lucent Technologies where he was responsible for the field services business in the western half of the United States. He spent 18 years at AT&T and subsequently Lucent Technologies serving in roles supporting service provider customers in development, technical support, sales, operations, and program management. From 1995 to 2000, Mr. Sturgeon lived in Singapore and was the managing director of Program Management for Lucent Asia Pacific. He holds a BSEE degree from the University of Dayton and a Masters in Management from Northwestern University's Kellogg Graduate School of Management.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20050915143732.txt.gz
TIME:20050915143732
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On September 9, 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved compensation arrangements for Mr. Robert Sturgeon, an executive officer of the Company. The compensation arrangements for Mr. Sturgeon are summarized on Exhibit 10.1 to this report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1. Summary of Compensatory Arrangements approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. on September 9, 2005.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Summary of Robert Sturgeon Compensatory Arrangements
On September 9, 2005, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved compensation arrangements for Mr. Robert Sturgeon who was recently named Executive Vice President and General Manager, Security Products Group.
In addition to approving an increase in his base salary, the Compensation Committee approved Mr. Sturgeon's participation in the Company's 2005 Bonus Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (the "Plan"). A summary of the Plan was provided with a Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 8, 2005. The payment of bonuses under the Plan is based on performance against revenue, earnings and margin targets. As a Business Team participant, Mr. Sturgeon's bonus under the Plan will be based 50% on overall corporate performance and 50% on the performance of the Security Product business team. The target bonus for Mr. Sturgeon under the Plan is 100% of base salary.
For each of the participants under the Plan, a specified minimum achievement against all target metrics is required for any payment of bonuses. Overachievement of the target metrics can result in payment of bonuses in excess of the target bonus (up to a maximum of 200% of target bonus). The final bonus for each participant under the Plan is also subject to certain adjustments. For business team participants, the adjustments are based upon individually set performance goals.
Mr. Sturgeon was also granted two stock options: (1) An option to purchase 130,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock that vests as to 25% of such shares on August 25, 2006 and in equal monthly installments thereafter over three years; and (2) an option to purchase 70,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock that vests as to 1/48 of such shares on August 25, 2006 and in equal monthly installments of 1/48 of such shares thereafter. Each option has a ten year term and an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company's Common Stock on NASDAQ on the date of grant.
th
th


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20051019161721.txt.gz
TIME:20051019161721
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 19, 2005, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2005. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superseded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on October 19, 2005
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the users overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators managem ent uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Sunnyvale, CA  October 19, 2005  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2005.
Net revenues for the third quarter were $546.4 million, compared with $375.0 million for the same period last year, an increase of 46 percent.
GAAP net income for the third quarter was $84.1 million or $0.14 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $48.8 million or $0.08 per share in the third quarter of 2004. Non-GAAP net income was $114.7 million or $0.19 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $73.5 million or $0.13 per share in the third quarter of 2004. See the table at the bottom of the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP net income to the GAAP net income.
Cash provided by operations was $144.9 million for the third quarter, compared to cash provided by operations of $105.2 million for the same period last year. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the third quarter were $18.2 million and $13.5 million, respectively.
"Once again we're very pleased with the results for the quarter, our momentum in the market, and the positive impact we're seeing as a result of our ongoing focus and innovation," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks. "We continue to enjoy growing acceptance across our portfolio and with customers throughout the world."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 19, 2005 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until November 19, 2005. A replay will be accessible by telephone after 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time through October 26th, 2005 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21264032. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at
www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
2004 amounts have been restated to include shares issuable upon conversion of the Zero Coupon Convertible Senior Notes due June 15, 2008
(2)
The non-GAAP statements exclude in-process research and development, integration costs, restructuring costs, amortization of purchased intangibles and deferred stock compensation, the loss on redemption of the convertible subordinated notes, patent cross licensing expense, and the gain/loss on investments. See reconciliation to GAAP information below:
(3)


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20051109120556.txt.gz
TIME:20051109120556
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On November 3, 2005, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") adopted an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 1996 Stock Plan (the "Plan") to add the ability to issue Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") under the Plan, as described in more detail below. Since its adoption in 1996, the Plan has permitted the Company to make grants of restricted stock. In the case of such an award, the entire number of shares subject to a restricted stock award would be issued at the time of grant. Such shares could be subject to vesting provisions based on time or other conditions specified by the Board of Directors or an authorized committee of the Board. The Company would have the right to repurchase unvested shares subject to a restricted stock award if the grantees service to the Company terminated prior to full vesting of the award. Until repurchased, such unvested shares would be considered outstanding for dividend, voting and other purposes. In contrast to restricted stock awards, the newly-permitted RSUs would represent an obligation of the Company to issue unrestricted shares of common stock to the grantee only when and to the extent that the vesting criteria of the award are satisfied. As in the case of restricted stock awards, vesting criteria for RSUs can be based on time or other conditions specified by the Board or an authorized committee of the Board. However, until vesting occurs, the grantee is not entitled to any stockholder rights with respect to the unvested shares. In addition to approving the amendment to the Plan, the Board approved a form of agreement pursuant to which RSUs could be granted. The Plan as amended and the form of Notice of Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement are attached to this report as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Juniper Networks, Inc. Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan 10.2 Form of Notice of Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Juniper Networks, Inc. Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 10.1
1. . The purposes of this Stock Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentives to Employees and Consultants of the Company and its Subsidiaries and to promote the success of the Company's business. The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Purchase Rights and Restricted Stock Units.
Purposes of the Plan
2. . As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:
Definitions
(a) "" means the Board or any of its Committees appointed pursuant to Section 4 of the Plan.
Administrator
(b) "" means the legal requirements relating to the administration of stock plans under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan.
Applicable Laws
(c) "" means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Purchase Rights, or Restricted Stock Units.
Award
(d) "" means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
Award Agreement
(e) "" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(f) "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
(g) "" means a Committee appointed by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.
Committee
(h) "" means the Common Stock of the Company.
Common Stock
(i) "" means Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
Company
(j) "" means any person who is engaged by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary to render consulting or advisory services to such entities.
Consultant
(k) "" means that the employment or consulting relationship with the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary is not interrupted or terminated. Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant shall not be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company (provided, however, that the Administrator shall be permitted to stop vesting on any leave of absence, on an individual, aggregate or policy basis, even if such leave of absence is approved by the Company) or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor. A leave of absence approved by the Company shall include sick leave, military leave, or any other personal leave approved by an authorized representative of the Company. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed 90 days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract, including Company policies. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, on the 181st day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Optionee shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant
(l) "" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.
Director
(m) "" means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. The payment of a Director's fee by the Company shall not be sufficient to constitute "employment" by the Company.
Employee
(n) "" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Exchange Act
(o) "" means, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:
Fair Market Value
(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq National Market or The Nasdaq SmallCap Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system for the last market trading day prior to the time of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable;
(ii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the last market trading day prior to the day of determination; or
(iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value thereof shall be determined in good faith by the Administrator.
(p) "" means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
Incentive Stock Option
(q) "" means an Option not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.
Nonstatutory Stock Option
(r) "" means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Officer
(s) "" means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.
Option
(t) "" means the Common Stock subject to an Option or a Stock Purchase Right.
Optioned Stock
(u) "" means an Employee or Consultant who receives an Option or Stock Purchase Right.
Optionee
(v) "" means a "parent corporation," whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
Parent
(w) "" means the holder of an outstanding Award granted under the Plan.
Participant
(x) "" means this 1996 Stock Plan.
Plan
(y) "" means shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to a grant of a Stock Purchase Right under Section 11 below.
Restricted Stock
(z) "" means an Award granted pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan.
Restricted Stock Unit
(aa) "" means Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Section 16(b)
(bb) "" means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 13 below.
Share
(cc) "" means a right to purchase Common Stock pursuant to Section 11 below.
Stock Purchase Right
(dd) "" means a "subsidiary corporation," whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
Subsidiary
3. . Subject to the provisions of Section 13 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of Shares which may be subject to Awards under the Plan is 164,623,039 Shares, plus an annual increase to be added on the first day of the Company's fiscal year beginning in 2005 equal to the lesser of (i) 18,000,000 shares, (ii) 5% of the outstanding shares on such date or (iii) a lesser amount determined by the Board. The Shares may be authorized but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.
Stock Subject to the Plan
If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or is surrendered pursuant to an option exchange program, the unpurchased Shares which were subject thereto shall become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). However, Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan, upon exercise of either an Option or Stock Purchase Right or upon the vesting of a Restricted Stock Unit, shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future distribution under the Plan, except that if Shares of Restricted Stock are repurchased by the Company at their original purchase price, and the original purchaser of such Shares did not receive any benefits of ownership of such Shares, such Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan. For purposes of the preceding sentence, voting rights shall not be considered a benefit of Share ownership.
4. .
Administration of the Plan
(a) .
Procedure
(i) . The Plan may be administered by different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers.
Multiple Administrative Bodies
(ii) . To the extent that the Administrator determines it to be desirable to qualify Options granted hereunder as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan shall be administered by a Committee of two or more "outside directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
Section 162(m)
(iii) . To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder shall be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3.
Rule 16b-3
(iv) . Other than as provided above, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which committee shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws.
Other Administration
(b) . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and, in the case of a Committee, the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, and subject to the approval of any relevant authorities, including the approval, if required, of any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed, the Administrator shall have the authority in its discretion:
Powers of the Administrator
(i) to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock, in accordance with Section 2(o) of the Plan;
(ii) to select the Consultants and Employees to whom Awards may from time to time be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards or any combination thereof are granted hereunder;
(iv) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(v) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;
(vi) to determine the terms and conditions of any award granted hereunder;
(vii) to determine whether and under what circumstances an Option may be settled in cash under subsection 9(e) instead of Common Stock;
(viii) to reduce the exercise price of any Option to the then current Fair Market Value if the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock covered by such Option has declined since the date the Option was granted; and
(ix) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan.
(c) . All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Administrator shall be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of any Awards.
Effect of Administrator's Decision
5. .
Eligibility
(a) Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Purchase Rights and Restricted Stock Units may be granted to Employees, Consultants and Directors. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. An Employee or Consultant who has been granted an Option, Stock Purchase Right or a Restricted Stock Unit may, if otherwise eligible, be granted additional Options, Stock Purchase Rights or Restricted Stock Units.
(b) Each Option shall be designated in the written option agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designation, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Optionee during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 5(b), Incentive Stock Options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted. The Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted.
(c) Neither the Plan nor any Award shall confer upon any Participant any right with respect to continuation of his or her employment or consulting relationship with the Company, nor shall it interfere in any way with his or her right or the Company's right to terminate his or her employment or consulting relationship at any time, with or without cause.
(d) The following limitations shall apply to grants of Options to Employees:
(i) No Employee shall be granted, in any fiscal year of the Company, Options to purchase more than 6,000,000 Shares.
(ii) In connection with his or her initial employment, an Employee may be granted Options to purchase up to an additional 12,000,000 Shares which shall not count against the limit set forth in subsection (i) above.
The foregoing limitations shall be adjusted proportionately in connection with any change in the Company's capitalization as described in Section 13.
If an Option is cancelled in the same fiscal year of the Company in which it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction described in Section 13), the cancelled Option shall be counted against the limit set forth in subsection (i) above. For this purpose, if the exercise price of an Option is reduced, such reduction will be treated as a cancellation of the Option and the grant of a new Option.
6. . The Plan shall become effective upon the earlier to occur of its adoption by the Board of Directors or its approval by the shareholders of the Company, as described in Section 19 of the Plan. It shall continue in effect for a term of ten (10) years unless sooner terminated under Section 15 of the Plan.
Term of Plan
7. . The term of each Option shall be the term stated in the Option Award Agreement; provided, however, that the term shall be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an Optionee who, at the time the Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Option shall be five (5) years from the date of grant thereof or such shorter term as may be provided in the Option Agreement.
Term of Option
8. .
Option Exercise Price and Consideration
(a) The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option shall be such price as is determined by the Administrator, but shall be subject to the following:
(i) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option:
(1) granted to an Employee who, at the time of grant of such Option, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant;
(2) granted to any other Employee, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(ii) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price shall be determined by the Administrator. In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option intended to qualify as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(b) The consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option, including the method of payment, shall be determined by the Administrator (and, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, shall be determined at the time of grant). Such consideration may consist of (1) cash, (2) check, (3) other Shares which (x) in the case of Shares acquired upon exercise of an Option, have been owned by the Optionee for more than six months on the date of surrender, and (y) have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option shall be exercised, (4) delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Administrator and a broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the Company of the sale or loan proceeds required to pay the exercise price, (5) any other consideration permitted by applicable law, or (6) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. In making its determination as to the type of consideration to accept, the Administrator shall consider if acceptance of such consideration may be reasonably expected to benefit the Company.
9. .
Exercise of Option
(a) . Any Option granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator, including performance criteria with respect to the Company and/or the Optionee, and as shall be permissible under the terms of the Plan.
Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder
An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Option by the person entitled to exercise the Option and full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised has been received by the Company. Full payment may, as authorized by the Administrator, consist of any consideration and method of payment allowable under Section 8(b) hereof. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the stock certificate evidencing such Shares, no right to vote, receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such stock certificate promptly upon exercise of the Option. No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 12 hereof.
Exercise of an Option in any manner shall result in a decrease in the number of Shares which thereafter may be available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.
(b) . In the event of termination of an Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant (but not in the event of an Optionee's change of status from Employee to Consultant (in which case an Employee's Incentive Stock Option shall automatically convert to a Nonstatutory Stock Option on the date three (3) months and one day following such change of status) or from Consultant to Employee), such Optionee may, but only within such period of time as is determined by the Administrator, with such determination in the case of an Incentive Stock Option not exceeding ninety (90) days after the date of such termination (but in no event later than the expiration date of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement), exercise his or her Option to the extent that the Optionee was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that the Optionee was not entitled to exercise the Option at the date of such termination, or if the Optionee does not exercise such Option to the extent so entitled within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate.
Termination of Employment or Consulting Relationship
(c) . In the event of termination of an Optionee's Continuous Status as an Employee or Consultant as a result of his or her disability, the Optionee may, but only within one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of such termination (and in no event later than the expiration date of the term of such Option as set forth in the Option Agreement), exercise the Option to the extent otherwise entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. If such disability is not a "disability" as such term is defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option such Incentive Stock Option shall automatically cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option on the day three months and one day following such termination. To the extent that the Optionee was not entitled to exercise the Option at the date of termination, or if the Optionee does not exercise such Option to the extent so entitled within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.
Disability of Optionee
(d) . In the event of the death of an Optionee, the Option may be exercised at any time within on hundred eighty (180) days following the date of death (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Notice of Grant) by the Optionee's estate or by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance, but only to the extent that the Optionee was entitled to exercise the Option on the date of death. If, at the time of death, the Optionee was not entitled to exercise his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unexercisable portion of the Option shall immediately revert to the Plan. If, after the Optionee's death, the Optionee's estate or a person who acquires the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance does not exercise the Option within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option shall revert to the Plan.
Death of Optionee
(e) . The Administrator may at any time offer to buy out for a payment in cash or Shares, an Option previously granted, based on such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish and communicate to the Optionee at the time that such offer is made.
Buyout Provisions
10. . Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant.
Non-Transferability of Awards
11. .
Stock Purchase Rights
(a) . Stock Purchase Rights may be issued either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with other awards granted under the Plan and/or cash awards made outside of the Plan. After the Administrator determines that it will offer Stock Purchase Rights under the Plan, it shall advise the offeree in writing of the terms, conditions and restrictions related to the offer, including the number of Shares that such person shall be entitled to purchase, the price to be paid, and the time within which such person must accept such offer, which shall in no event exceed thirty (30) days from the date upon which the Administrator makes the determination to grant the Stock Purchase Right. The offer shall be accepted by execution of a Restricted Stock purchase agreement in the form determined by the Administrator. Shares purchased pursuant to the grant of a Stock Purchase Right shall be referred to herein as "Restricted Stock."
Rights to Purchase
(b) . Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Restricted Stock purchase agreement shall grant the Company a repurchase option exercisable upon the voluntary or involuntary termination of the purchaser's employment with the Company for any reason (including death or disability). The purchase price for Shares repurchased pursuant to the Restricted Stock purchase agreement shall be the original price paid by the purchaser and may be paid by cancellation of any indebtedness of the purchaser to the Company. The repurchase option shall lapse at such rate as the Administrator may determine.
Repurchase Option
(c) . The Restricted Stock purchase agreement shall contain such other terms, provisions and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. In addition, the provisions of Restricted Stock purchase agreements need not be the same with respect to each purchaser.
Other Provisions
(d) . Once the Stock Purchase Right is exercised, the purchaser shall have rights equivalent to those of a shareholder and shall be a shareholder when his or her purchase is entered upon the records of the duly authorized transfer agent of the Company. No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Stock Purchase Right is exercised, except as provided in Section 13 of the Plan.
Rights as a Shareholder
12. .
Restricted Stock Units
(a) . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. The Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine (i) the number of Shares subject to a Restricted Stock Unit award granted to any Participant, and (ii) the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on continued service but may include a performance-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant or vesting of Restricted Stock Units. Restricted Stock Units shall be granted in the form of units to acquire Shares. Each such unit shall be the equivalent of one Share for purposes of determining the number of Shares subject to an Award. Until the Shares are issued, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the units to acquire Shares.
Grant
(b) . The Administrator shall set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Shares that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment), or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
Vesting Criteria and Other Terms
(c) . Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a payout as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.
Earning Restricted Stock Units
(d) . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. The Administrator shall pay earned Restricted Stock Units in Shares.
Form and Timing of Payment
(e) . On the date set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited to the Company.
Cancellation
13. .
Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization or Merger
(a) . Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each outstanding Award, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Award, as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Option or Stock Purchase Right, shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company. The conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award.
Changes in Capitalization
(b) . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify the Participant at least fifteen (15) days prior to such proposed action. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, the Award shall terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
Dissolution or Liquidation
(c) . In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, each outstanding Award may be assumed or an equivalent award may be substituted by such successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of such successor corporation. If, in such event, an Award is not assumed or substituted, the Award shall terminate as of the date of the closing of the merger. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Award shall be considered assumed if, following the merger, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if the holders are offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares). If such consideration received in the merger is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Award, for each Share subject to the Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the merger.
Merger
14. . The date of grant of an Award shall, for all purposes, be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award, or such other date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination shall be given to each Employee or Consultant to whom an Award is so granted within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
Time of Granting Awards
15. .
Amendment and Termination of the Plan
(a) . The Board may at any time amend, alter, suspend or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration, suspension or discontinuation shall be made which would impair the rights of any Participant under any grant theretofore made, without his or her consent. In addition, to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act or with Section 422 of the Code (or any other applicable law or regulation, including the requirements of the NASD or an established stock exchange), the Company shall obtain shareholder approval of any Plan amendment in such a manner and to such a degree as required.
Amendment and Termination
(b) . Any such amendment or termination of the Plan shall not affect Awards already granted, and such Awards shall remain in full force and effect as if this Plan had not been amended or terminated, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company.
Effect of Amendment or Termination
16. . Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares
As a condition to the exercise of an Option or Stock Purchase Right, the Company may require the person exercising such Option or Stock Purchase Right to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any of the aforementioned relevant provisions of law.
17. . The Company, during the term of this Plan, shall at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.
Reservation of Shares
The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.
18. . Awards shall be evidenced by written agreements in such form as the Administrator shall approve from time to time.
Agreements
19. . Continuance of the Plan shall be subject to approval by the shareholders of the Company within twelve (12) months before or after the date the Plan is adopted. Such shareholder approval shall be obtained in the degree and manner required under Applicable Laws and the rules of any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed.
Shareholder Approval

Exhibit 10.2
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan (the "Plan") shall have the same defined meanings in this Notice of Grant.
Name:
     
You have been granted Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs") pursuant to the Juniper Networks, Inc. Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan, (the "Plan"). Each such RSU is equivalent to one Share of the Company's Common Stock. None of the RSUs will be issued (nor will you have the rights of a shareholder with respect to the underlying shares) until the vesting conditions described below are satisfied. Additional terms of this grant are as follows:
     
You acknowledge and agree that this agreement and the vesting schedule set forth herein do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere with your right or the Company's right to terminate your relationship as an employee at any time, with or without cause.
The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to RSUs awarded under the Plan or future RSUs that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means. By your acknowledgment, you hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.
You hereby agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this RSU. Further, you and the Company agree that this Notice of Grant, the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan constitute your entire agreement with respect to this RSU and may not be modified adversely to your interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and you.
1. . The Company hereby grants to the Participant an award of Restricted Stock Units ("RSU"), as set forth in the Notice of Grant and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Juniper Networks, Inc. Amended and Restated 1996 Stock Plan ( the "Plan").
Grant
2. . Each RSU represents the right to receive one Share of the Company's Common Stock on the Vesting Date. Unless and until the RSUs vest, the Participant will have no right to receive Shares under such RSUs. Prior to actual distribution of Shares pursuant to any vested RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.
Company's Obligation
3. . Subject to paragraph 4, the RSUs awarded by this Agreement will vest in the Participant according to the vesting schedule specified in the Notice of Grant.
Vesting Schedule
4. . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant, if the Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason prior to vesting, the unvested RSUs Awarded by this Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company.
Forfeiture upon Termination as Service Provider
5. . Any RSUs that vest in accordance with paragraph 3 will be paid to the Participant (or in the event of the Participant's death, to his or her estate) in Shares, provided that to the extent determined appropriate by the Administrator, any national, state and local withholding of taxes and/or social security contributions with respect to such RSUs, if applicable, will be paid by the Participant. The tax and/or social security contributions payment shall generally be made through the Participant's brokerage account designated by the Company. The Participant may choose to cover the tax and/or social security contributions payment through (i) cash on deposit at the Broker, or (ii) by electing to have the Broker sell vested shares to cover taxes, social security contributions and related fees. However, should the Participant's account have insufficient funds, the Participant will be deemed to have elected to have the Broker sell vested shares to cover taxes, social security contributions and related fees. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the amount of withholding taxes, social security contributions and related fees to be satisfied by selling vested shares be in excess, the Company will refund the excess amount to him or her within a reasonable period without any interest.
Payment after Vesting
6. . Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Participant under this Agreement will, if the Participant is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of the Participant's estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the Administrator with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Administrator to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.
Payments after Death
7. . Neither the Participant nor any person claiming under or through the Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Participant or Participant's broker.
Rights as Stockholder
8. . The Participant's service with the Company is on an at-will basis only. Accordingly, the terms of the Participant's service with the Company will be determined from time to time by the Company, and the Company will have the right, which is hereby expressly reserved, to terminate or change the terms of the service of the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause or notice.
No Effect on Employment
9. . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in care of Stock Plan Administration at Juniper Networks, Inc., 1194 North Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.
Address for Notices
10. . Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.
Grant is Not Transferable
11. . The Shares issued as payment for vested RSUs Awarded under this Agreement will be registered under the federal securities laws and will be freely tradable upon receipt. However, any subsequent sale of the Shares will be subject to any market blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company's insider trading policies, and any other applicable securities laws.
Restrictions on Sale of Securities
12. . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
Binding Agreement
13. . The Company shall not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder prior to fulfillment of all the following conditions: (a) the admission of such Shares to listing on all stock exchanges on which such class of stock is then listed; (b) the completion of any registration or other qualification of such Shares under any state or federal law or under the rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body, which the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; (c) the obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental agency, which the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; and (d) the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of vesting of the RSUs as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.
Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares
14. . This Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern.
Plan Governs
15. . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any RSUs have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon the Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
Administrator Authority
16. . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement.
Captions
17. . In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement.
Agreement Severable
18. . This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. The Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company.
Modifications to the Agreement
19. . By accepting this RSU, the Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received a right to purchase stock under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. The Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time.
Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan
20. . This grant of RSUs shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California without regard to principles of conflict of laws.
Notice of Governing Law
21. . Regardless of any action the Company or its affiliates takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax or other tax-related withholding ("Tax-Related Items"), the Participant acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items legally due by the Participant is, and remains, the Participant's responsibility and that the Company and/or its affiliates (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSU, including the grant of the RSU, the vesting of the RSU, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to the RSU and the receipt of any dividends, if any; and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the RSU or any aspect of the RSU to reduce or eliminate the Participant's liability for Tax-Related Items.
Withholding
Prior to the vesting of RSUs, the Participant agrees to pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or its affiliates to satisfy all withholding obligations of the Company and/or its affiliates. In this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and/or its affiliates to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items legally payable by the Participant from his or her wages, within legal limits, or other cash compensation paid by the Company and/or its affiliates or from proceeds of the sale of the Shares. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, the Company may (1) sell or arrange for the sale of Shares that the Participant acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items, and/or (2) withhold in Shares, provided that the Company only withholds the amount of Shares necessary to satisfy the minimum withholding amount. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that should the amount of withholding for the Tax-Related Items to be satisfied by reducing the number of shares deliverable or by withholding from his or her sale's proceeds be in excess, the Company and/or his or her employer will refund the excess amount to him or her within a reasonable period and without any interest. Finally, the Participant shall pay to the Company and/or its affiliates any amount of Tax-Related Items that may be required to withhold as a result of participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may refuse to deliver the Shares if fail to comply with obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section.
22. . In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges that:
Nature of the Grant
a. the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, unless otherwise provided in the Plan and this letter;
b. the grant of the RSU is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future RSU grants, or benefits in lieu of RSUs, even if RSUs have been granted repeatedly in the past;
c. all decisions with respect to future RSUs, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
d. participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Participant's employer and shall not interfere with the ability of the Participant's employer to terminate the Participant's employment relationship at any time with or without cause;
e. the Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;
f. the RSU is an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or to the Participant's employer, and which is outside the scope of the Participant's employment contract, if any;
g. the RSU is not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service RSUs, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments;
h. in the event that the Participant's not an employee of the Company, the RSU will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company; and furthermore, the RSU will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company;
i. the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty;
j. in consideration of the grant of the RSU, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from termination of the RSU or diminution in value of the RSU or the Shares acquired through the RSU which results from termination of your employment by the Company or its affiliates (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and the Participant irrevocably releases the Company or its affiliates from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, then, by accepting the RSU, the Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim; and
k. notwithstanding any terms or conditions of the Plan to the contrary, in the event of involuntary termination of the Participant's employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), the Participant's right to receive RSUs and vest in RSUs under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that the Participant is no longer actively employed; furthermore, in the event of involuntary termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), the Participant's right to receive Shares pursuant to the RSUs or to exercise the Options after termination of employment, if any, will be measured by the date of termination of the Participant's active employment.
23. .
Data Privacy
By accepting the RSU the Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant's personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, the Participant's employer and the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan.
The Participant understands that the Company and the Participant's employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including, but not limited to, his or her name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares of stock or directorships held in the Company, details of all Options or any other entitlement to Shares of stock Awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Participant's favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan ("Data"). The Participant understands that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan that these recipients may be located in the Participant's country or elsewhere, and that the recipient's country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant's country. The Participant understands that he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting the local human resources representative. The Participant authorizes the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit any Shares of stock acquired through the RSU. The Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage participation in the Plan. The Participant understands that he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, without cost, by contacting in writing the local human resources representative. The Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing consent may affect his or her ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, the Participant understands that the Participant may contact the local human resources representative.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20051222140323.txt.gz
TIME:20051222140323
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On December 16, 2005, the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved certain actions related to (1) outstanding stock options and (2) the Company's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. These actions are described in Exhibit 10.1 to this report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1. Description of actions approved by the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. on December 16, 2005.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 10.1
Acceleration of Certain Unvested Stock Options
On December 16, 2005, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the acceleration of the vesting of certain unvested and "out-of-the-money" stock options that had an exercise price per share equal to or greater than $22.00, all of which were previously granted under the Company's stock option plans and that were outstanding on December 16, 2005. Options to purchase approximately 21 million shares of common stock, or approximately 49% of the Company's total outstanding unvested options on December 16, 2005, were subject to the acceleration. The options accelerated excluded options previously granted to certain persons, including all of the executive officers and the Board of Directors of the Company.
In addition, in order to prevent unintended personal benefits, the acceleration was accompanied by restrictions imposed on any shares purchased through the exercise of accelerated options. Those restrictions will prevent the sale of any such shares prior to the date such shares would have originally vested had the optionee been employed on such date (whether or not the optionee is actually an employee at that time).
The purpose of the acceleration was to enable the Company to avoid recognizing compensation expense associated with these options in future periods in its Consolidated Statements of Operations pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 123R. Under FAS No. 123R, the Company will apply the expense recognition provisions relating to stock options beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2006. In approving the acceleration, the Board considered its impact on future financial results, stockholder value and employee retention. The Company believes that the acceleration is in the best interest of stockholders as it will reduce the Company's reported compensation expense in future periods in light of these accounting regulations. The acceleration of the vesting of these options will not result in a charge to the Company's expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in 2005.
It is possible that changes in the interpretations of existing accounting standards or the adoption of new accounting standards could cause the ultimate accounting of the Company's options to vary from the Company's current expectations.
Amendment of Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In addition, on December 16, 2005, the Board of Directors amended the Company's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "ESPP") to eliminate the ability of a participant under the ESPP to increase the rate of his/her payroll deductions during any offering period. This change will be effective beginning with the offering period commencing on February 1, 2006.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060125161049.txt.gz
TIME:20060125161049
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 25, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2005. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superseded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on January 25, 2006
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of operating results, net income and earnings per share, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the users overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators managem ent uses for planning and forecasting in future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

SUNNYVALE, CA  January 25, 2006  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2005.
Net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2005 were $575.5 million, compared with $430.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2004, an increase of 34 percent.
Net income on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis for the fourth quarter of 2005 was $105.5 million or $0.17 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $66.0 million or $0.11 per share for the fourth quarter of 2004. Non-GAAP net income was $119.6 million or $0.20 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $85.9 million or $0.15 per share for the fourth quarter of 2004. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP net income is provided in a table immediately following the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Net revenues for fiscal 2005 were $2,064.0 million, compared with $1,336.0 million for fiscal 2004, an increase of 54 percent.
GAAP net income for fiscal 2005 was $354.0 million or $0.59 per share, compared to $135.7 million or $0.25 per share for fiscal 2004. Non-GAAP net income for fiscal 2005 was $430.6 million or $0.72 per share, compared to $238.6 million or $0.44 per share, for fiscal 2004. A reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP net income is provided in a table immediately following the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Cash provided by operations for the fourth quarter of 2005 was $197.5 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $142.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2004. Cash provided by operations for fiscal 2005 was $642.9 million, up from $439.4 million for 2004.
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the fourth quarter of 2005 were $39.3 million and $15.4 million, respectively.
"I'm pleased to report another strong quarter and the completion of a year characterized by growth across multiple dimensions," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks. "Juniper remains at the intersection of opportunity, where the increasing and strategic importance of today's network demands the integrated best-in-class solutions that the company was built to deliver. As we surpass annual revenues of $2 billion on the eve of our 10 anniversary we see a bright future, founded in the confidence our customers have placed in Juniper."
th
Juniper continued to invest in and deliver innovation throughout 2005 with significant new product and feature announcements this year, all focused on serving the evolving needs of its customers.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 25, 2006 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until February 25, 2006. A replay will be accessible by telephone on January 25th after 3:00 p.m. Pacific Time through February 2nd, 2006 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21280063. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at
www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo, NetScreen, NetScreen Technologies, the NetScreen logo, NetScreen-Global Pro, ScreenOS, and GigaScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
This release includes non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income per share data and other non-GAAP line items from the Consolidated Statements of Operations, including operating expenses, other income and expenses, income before income taxes, provision for income taxes and net income. These measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, generally accepted accounting principles and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures, when shown in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures, provides useful information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to its financial condition and results of operations. Juniper Networks further believes that where the adjustments used in calculating non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share are based on specific, identified charges that impact different line items in the statements of operations (including cost of revenues, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expense), that it is useful to investors to know how these specific line items in the statements of operations are affected by these adjustments. For its internal budgets, Juniper Networks' management uses financial statements that do not include amortization of purchased intangible assets; in-process research and development; restructuring, impairment and related charges; integration costs; patent cross licensing expense; gain (loss) on investments; and the income tax effects of the foregoing, as applicable. Juniper Networks' management also uses the foregoing non-GAAP measures, in addition to the corresponding GAAP measures, in determining objectives for compensation programs or reviewing the financial results of Juniper Networks.
Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. The reclassifications pertain to amortization of deferred stock compensation which had previously been reported as separate line item to the following cost and expense categories by period:
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060214160204.txt.gz
TIME:20060214160204
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On February 8, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. met and approved certain bonus payments for executive officers and also approved a restricted stock unit program and bonus compensation plan for executive officers for the registrant's 2006 fiscal year. The payments as well as the restricted stock unit program and 2006 executive officer bonus plan are summarized on Exhibit 10.1 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Summary of Compensatory Plans and Arrangements Adopted on February 8, 2006
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 10.1
Summary of Compensatory Plans and Arrangements Adopted February 8, 2006
On February 8, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") met and (i) adopted the Company's 2006 Bonus Incentive Plan for Executive Officers (the "Plan"); (ii) approved a restricted stock unit program for Executive Officers; and (iii) approved certain bonus payments to 2005 executive officers under the 2005 executive officer bonus plan.
(i) . The participants in the Plan are divided into two categories as follows:
2006 Executive Officer Bonus Plan
The payment of bonuses under the Plan for corporate participants is based on performance against six month Company revenue and non-GAAP operating income targets. The payment of bonuses under the Plan for business team participants is based on performance against six month Company revenue targets and business team revenue and contribution margin targets. Corporate participant bonuses are based 100% on overall Company performance. Business team participant bonuses are based 50% on overall Company performance and 50% on the performance of their respective business team. Payments under the plan are calculated and paid after each six month measurement period.
The target bonus of Mr. Kriens is 150% of base salary. The target bonus for each other participant is 100% of base salary.
For each of the participants, a specified minimum achievement against all target metrics is required for any payment of bonuses. Overachievement of the target metrics can result in payment of bonuses in excess of the target bonus (up to a maximum of 200% of target bonus).
The final bonus for each participant, calculated as described above, is subject to adjustment based upon the company's revenue performance compared to industry peers and individually set performance goals.
(ii) . The Compensation Committee approved a restricted stock performance program pursuant to which Executive Officers will be awarded a number of restricted stock units based on the achievement of earnings per share objectives for 2006. Depending on the performance against the objectives, participants could be granted restricted stock units for as much as 150% of the target number of restricted stock units or as few as 25% of the target number of restricted stock units. Once the restricted stock units are granted they will vest over a multiple year period following the grant date. The target number of restricted stock units for the executive officers is as follows: 100,000 for Mr. Kriens; 50,000 for Mr. Minshull; 33,000 for each of Mr. Dykes, Mr. Sindhu and Mr. Sturgeon; and 25,000 for Ms. Perdikou.
Restricted Stock Unit Program
iii) . The Compensation Committee also authorized payments to 2005 executive officers under the Company's 2005 executive officer bonus plan as follows:
2005 Bonus Payments


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060324131644.txt.gz
TIME:20060324131644
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On March 24, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") posted supplemental historical financial information on its investor relations website at http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/2005_qtr.pdf. In the Company's 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 7, 2006, the Company included certain details of segment operating income on an annual basis for fiscal year 2005. The supplemental information posted on the Company's website provides such detail on an unaudited, quarterly basis for fiscal year 2005.
The information set forth in this Report on Form 8-K shall be deemed furnished, but not filed, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060419161108.txt.gz
TIME:20060419161108
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 19, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2006. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. The information in this report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement heretofore or hereafter filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that such information is superseded by information as of a subsequent date that is included in or incorporated by reference into such registration statement. The information in this report shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on April 19, 2006
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP, Juniper Networks uses non-GAAP measures of net income, net income per share and other non-GAAP line items in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, which are adjusted from results based on GAAP to exclude certain expense and income items. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the users overall understanding of our current financial performance and our prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe the non-GAAP results provide useful information to both management and investors by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provid es consistency in our financial reporting. Further, these non-GAAP results are one of the primary indicators management uses for budgeting and planning for future periods. The presentation of this additional information is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
SUNNYVALE, CA  April 19, 2006  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2006.
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2006 were $566.7 million, compared with $449.1 million for the first quarter of 2005, an increase of 26 percent.
With the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R (FAS 123R) as of January 1, 2006, Juniper is reporting stock-based compensation expense in its generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) results for the first time. Net income on a GAAP basis for the first quarter of 2006 was $75.8 million or $0.13 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $75.4 million or $0.13 per share for the first quarter of 2005. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2006 was $113.4 million or $0.19 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $91.9 million or $0.16 per share for the first quarter of 2005. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP net income is provided in a table immediately following the Non-GAAP Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
For comparative purposes, net income excluding stock-based compensation for the first quarter of 2006 was $91.9 million or $0.15 per share, compared with a net income excluding stock-based compensation of $77.8 million or $0.13 per share for the first quarter of 2005. The reconciliation between net income excluding stock-based compensation and GAAP net income is provided in a table below the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Net cash flows from operations for the first quarter of 2006 were $83.0 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $134.4 million for the first quarter of 2005. For comparative purposes, non-GAAP cash flows from operations in the first quarter of 2006 were $139.1 million including the tax benefit from the exercise of employee stock options which were previously included in the operating cash flows. As a result of the adoption of FAS 123R, tax benefits from the exercise of employee stock options totaling $56.1 million are included in cash flows from financing activities. The reconciliation between non-GAAP and GAAP cash flows from operations is provided in a table immediately following the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the first quarter of 2006 were $18.2 million and $17.2 million, respectively.
"The first quarter reflected the continuing acceptance of Juniper's product portfolio with both our enterprise and service provider customers," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks.  "We will intensify our focus on execution in order to capitalize in an environment where our capabilities and the market requirements are aligning more clearly than ever before."
Juniper's ongoing focus on serving the needs of its global service provider and enterprise customers was reflected in a number of key accomplishments this quarter.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 19, 2006 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until May 19, 2006. A replay will be accessible by telephone on April 19, 2006 after 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time through April 26, 2006 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21288675. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at
www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks is a registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
This release includes non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP net income per share data and other non-GAAP line items from the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, including operating expenses, other income and expenses, income before income taxes, provision for income taxes and net income and cash flows from operations. These measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative for, generally accepted accounting principles and may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP adjustments are provided to enhance the user's overall understanding of our operating performance and our prospects for the future. Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of these non-GAAP measures, when shown in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures, provides useful information to both management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to its financial condition and results of operations, in particular by excluding certain expense and income items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results. In addition, since we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community, we believe the inclusion of non-GAAP numbers provides consistency in our financial reporting For its internal budgeting and planning, Juniper Networks' management uses financial statements that do not include employee stock-based compensation; amortization of purchased intangible assets; in-process research and development; restructuring, impairment and related charges; integration costs; patent cross licensing expense; gain (loss) on investments; and the income tax effects of the foregoing, as applicable. Juniper Networks' management also uses the foregoing non-GAAP measures, in addition to the corresponding GAAP measures, in determining objectives for compensation programs or reviewing the financial results of Juniper Networks.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060524132443.txt.gz
TIME:20060524132443
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
At the annual meeting of stockholders of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") held on May 18, 2006, the Company's stockholders approved the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2006 Plan"). A copy of the 2006 Plan and the forms of: (1) Stock Option Agreement, (2) Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement and (3) Notice of Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, as approved by the Company's Board of Directors for use under the 2006 Plan, are attached to this Report as exhibits. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the 2006 Plan, each of the non-employee members of the Companys Board of Directors was automatically granted an option to purchase 20,000 shares of the Companys common stock on the date of the Companys annual meeting of stockholders. The exercise price of each such option was equal to the closing price of the Company's common stock on May 18, 2006, or $16.10 per share. Each such option will vest in twelve equal installments on a monthly b asis beginning on June 18, 2006, so long as the optionee continues to serve on the Board of Directors.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibit No. Description 10.1 Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan 10.2 Form of Stock Option Agreement for the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan 10.3 Form of Non-Employee Director Stock Option Agreement for the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan 10.4 Form of Notice of Grant and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 10.1
1. . The purposes of this Equity Incentive Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to Service Providers and Outside Directors and to promote the success of the Company's business.
Purposes of the Plan
Awards to Service Providers granted hereunder may be Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units or Dividend Equivalents, at the discretion of the Administrator and as reflected in the terms of the written option agreement. This Equity Incentive Plan also provides for the automatic, non-discretionary award of Nonstatutory Stock Options to Outside Directors.
2. . As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:
Definitions
(a) "" shall mean the Board or any of its Committees as shall be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.
Administrator
(b) "" shall mean the Company's or a business unit's net sales for the Fiscal Year, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Annual Revenue
(c) "" shall mean the legal requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under California corporate and securities laws and the Code.
Applicable Laws
(d) "" shall mean, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units or Dividend Equivalents.
Award
(e) "" shall mean the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
Award Agreement
(f) "" shall mean the Common Stock subject to an Award.
Awarded Stock
(g) "" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(h) "" shall mean the Company's level of cash and cash equivalents.
Cash Position
(i) "" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
(j) "" shall mean the Common Stock of the Company.
Common Stock
(k) "" shall mean the Committee appointed by the Board of Directors or a sub-committee appointed by the Board's designated committee in accordance with Section 4(a) of the Plan, if one is appointed.
Committee
(l) "" shall mean Juniper Networks, Inc.
Company
(m) "" shall mean any person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services and who is compensated for such services; provided, however, that the term "Consultant" shall not include Outside Directors, unless such Outside Directors are compensated for services to the Company other than through payment of director's fees and Option grants under Section 11 hereof.
Consultant
(n) "" means that the Director relationship is not interrupted or terminated.
Continuous Status as a Director
(o) "" means a deferred stock unit Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 16.
Deferred Stock Unit
(p) "" shall mean a member of the Board.
Director
(q) "" means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.
Disability
(r) "" shall mean a credit, payable in cash, made at the discretion of the Administrator, to the account of a Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividends paid on one Share for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant. Dividend Equivalents may be subject to the same vesting restrictions as the related Shares subject to an Award, at the discretion of the Administrator.
Dividend Equivalent
(s) "" shall mean as to any Fiscal Year, the Company's or a business unit's Net Income, divided by a weighted average number of common shares outstanding and dilutive common equivalent shares deemed outstanding, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Earnings Per Share
(t) "" shall mean any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. An Employee shall not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed ninety days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then three (3) months following the 91 day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
Employee
st
(u) "" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Exchange Act
(v) "" shall mean, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:
Fair Market Value
(i) If the Common Stock is listed on a stock exchange, the fair market value per Share shall be the closing price on such exchange, as reported in the Wall Street Journal on the date of determination or, if the date of determination is not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day;
(ii) If there is a public market for the Common Stock, the fair market value per Share shall be the mean of the bid and asked prices, or closing price in the event quotations for the Common Stock are reported on the National Market System, of the Common Stock on the date of determination, as reported in the Wall Street Journal (or, if not so reported, as otherwise reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation (NASDAQ) System); or
(iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Administrator.
(w) "" shall mean a fiscal year of the Company.
Fiscal Year
(x) "" shall mean an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
Incentive Stock Option
(y) "" shall mean as to any Fiscal Year, the income after taxes of the Company for the Fiscal Year determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Net Income
(z) "" shall mean an Option not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.
Nonstatutory Stock Option
(aa) "" shall mean a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Officer
(bb) "" shall mean the Company's or a business unit's sum of Net Income plus depreciation and amortization less capital expenditures plus changes in working capital comprised of accounts receivable, inventories, other current assets, trade accounts payable, accrued expenses, product warranty, advance payments from customers and long-term accrued expenses, determined in accordance with generally acceptable accounting principles.
Operating Cash Flow
(cc) "" shall mean the Company's or a business unit's income from operations determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Operating Income
(ff) "" means a Director who is not an Employee or Consultant.
Outside Director
(gg) "" shall mean a "parent corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
Parent
(hh) "" shall mean an Employee or Consultant who receives an Award.
Participant
(ii) "" shall mean the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Committee (in its discretion) to be applicable to a Participant with respect to an Award. As determined by the Committee, the Performance Goals applicable to an Award may provide for a targeted level or levels of achievement using one or more of the following measures: (a) Annual Revenue, (b) Cash Position, (c) Earnings Per Share, (d) Net Income, (e) Operating Cash Flow, (f) Operating Income, (g) Return on Assets, (h) Return on Equity, (i) Return on Sales, and (j) Total Stockholder Return. The Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from Award to Award. The Administrator shall appropriately adjust any evaluation of performance under a Performance Goal to exclude (i) any extraordinary non-recurring items as described in Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30 and/or in management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations appearing in the Company's annual report to shareholders for the applicable year, or (ii) the effect of any changes in accounting principles affecting the Company's or a business units' reported results.
Performance Goals
(jj) "" shall mean a performance share Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 14.
Performance Share
(kk) "" means a performance unit Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 15.
Performance Unit
(ll) "" shall mean this 1986 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.
Plan
(mm) "" shall mean a restricted stock Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 11.
Restricted Stock
(nn) "" shall mean a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 13. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.
Restricted Stock Unit
(oo) "" shall mean the percentage equal to the Company's or a business unit's Operating Income before incentive compensation, divided by average net Company or business unit, as applicable, assets, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Return on Assets
(pp) "" shall mean the percentage equal to the Company's Net Income divided by average shareholder's equity, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Return on Equity
(qq) "" shall mean the percentage equal to the Company's or a business unit's Operating Income before incentive compensation, divided by the Company's or the business unit's, as applicable, revenue, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Return on Sales
(rr) "" shall mean Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan.
Rule 16b-3
(uu) "" shall mean a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 21 of the Plan.
Share
(vv) "" or "SAR" shall mean a stock appreciation right granted pursuant to Section 9 below.
Stock Appreciation Right
(ww) "" shall mean a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
Subsidiary
(xx) "" shall mean the total return (change in share price plus reinvestment of any dividends) of a share of the Company's common stock.
Total Stockholder Return
3. . Subject to the provisions of Section 21 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares which may be optioned and sold under the Plan is 64,500,000 shares of Common Stock plus any Shares subject to any options under the Company's 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan and 1996 Stock Incentive Plan that are outstanding on the date this Plan becomes effective and that subsequently expire unexercisedup to a maximum of an additional 75,000,000 SharesAll of the shares issuable under the Plan may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.
Stock Subject to the Plan
,
.
Any Shares subject to Options or SARs shall be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as one Share for every Share subject thereto. Any Shares subject to Performance Shares, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units with a per share or unit purchase price lower than 100% of Fair Market Value on the date of grant shall be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as two and one-tenth Shares for every one Share subject thereto. To the extent that a Share that was subject to an Award that counted as two and one-tenth Shares against the Plan reserve pursuant to the preceding sentence is recycled back into the Plan under the next paragraph of this Section 3, the Plan shall be credited with two and one-tenth Shares.
If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company at its original purchase price due to such Award failing to vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options and SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto shall become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). With respect to SARs, when an SAR is exercised, the shares subject to a SAR grant agreement shall be counted against the numerical limits of Section 3 above, as one share for every share subject thereto, regardless of the number of shares used to settle the SAR upon exercise (i.e., shares withheld to satisfy the exercise price of an SAR shall not remain available for issuance under the Plan). Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units are repurchased by the Company at their original purchase price or are forfeited to the Company due to such Awards failing to vest, such Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Option shall not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. Shares used to satisfy tax withholding obligations shall not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than stock, such cash payment shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Any payout of Dividend Equivalents or Performance Units, because they are payable only in cash, shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Conversely, any forfeiture of Dividend Equivalents or Performance Units shall not increase the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.
4. .
Administration of the Plan
(a) .
Procedure
(i) . If permitted by Applicable Laws, the Plan may be administered by different bodies with respect to Directors, Officers who are not Directors, and Employees who are neither Directors nor Officers.
Multiple Administrative Bodies
(ii) . To the extent that the Administrator determines it to be desirable to qualify Awards granted hereunder as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan shall be administered by a Committee consisting solely of two or more "outside directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
Section 162(m)
(iii) . With respect to Option grants made to Employees who are also Officers subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board, if the Board may administer the Plan in compliance with Rule 16b-3, or (B) a committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan, which committee shall be constituted to comply with Rule 16b-3. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. From time to time the Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members, remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by Rule 16b-3.
Administration With Respect to Officers Subject to Section 16(b)
(iv) . With respect to Award grants made to Employees or Consultants who are not Officers of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board, (B) a committee designated by the Board, or (C) a sub-committee designated by the designated committee, which committee or sub-committee shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. Once appointed, such Committee shall serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. The Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members, remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
Administration With Respect to Other Persons
(v) . Automatic Grants to Outside Directors shall be pursuant to a non-discretionary formula as set forth in Section 11 hereof and therefore shall not be subject to any discretionary administration.
Administration With Respect to Automatic Grants to Outside Directors
(b) . Subject to the provisions of the Plan (including the non-discretionary automatic grant to Outside Director provisions of Section 11), and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its discretion:
Powers of the Administrator
(i) to determine the Fair Market Value in accordance with Section 2(v) of the Plan;
(ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder;
(iv) to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(v) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;
(vi) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards vest or may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions (subject to compliance with applicable laws, including Code Section 409A), and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the shares of Common Stock relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine; provided, however, that with respect to Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units vesting solely based on continuing as a Service Provider, they will vest in full no earlier (except if accelerated pursuant to Section 21 hereof) than the three (3) year anniversary of the grant date; provided, further, that if vesting is not solely based on continuing as a Service Provider, they will vest in full no earlier (except if accelerated pursuant to Section 21 hereof) than the one (1) year anniversary of the grant date;
(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;
(viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan;
(ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 7 and Section 24(c) of the Plan);
(x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator;
(xi) to determine the terms and restrictions applicable to Awards;
(xii) to determine whether Awards will be adjusted for Dividend Equivalents and whether such Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to vesting; and
(xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.
(c) . All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Administrator shall be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of any Awards granted under the Plan.
Effect of Administrator's Decision
5. . Awards may be granted only to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. A Service Provider who has been granted an Award may, if he or she is otherwise eligible, be granted an additional Award or Awards. Outside Directors may only be granted Awards as specified in Section 11 hereof.
Eligibility
6. .
Code Section 162(m) Provisions
(a) . Subject to Section 7 below, no Participant shall be granted, in any Fiscal Year, Options and Stock Appreciation Rights to purchase more than 2,000,000 Shares; provided, however, that such limit shall be 4,000,000 Shares in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Option and SAR Annual Share Limit
(b) . No Participant shall be granted, in any Fiscal Year, more than 1,000,000 Shares in the aggregate of the following: (i) Restricted Stock, (ii) Performance Shares, or (iii) Restricted Stock Units; provided, however, that such limit shall be 2,000,000 Shares in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Restricted Stock, Performance Share and Restricted Stock Unit Annual Limit
(c) . No Participant shall receive Performance Units, in any Fiscal Year, having an initial value greater than $2,000,000, provided, however, that such limit shall be $4,000,000 in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Performance Units Annual Limit
(d) . For purposes of qualifying grants of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Performance Goals shall be set by the Administrator on or before the latest date permissible to enable the Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units to qualify as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. In granting Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units which are intended to qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator shall follow any procedures determined by it from time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure qualification of the Award under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining the Performance Goals).
Section 162(m) Performance Restrictions
(e) . The numerical limitations in Sections 6(a) and (b) shall be adjusted proportionately in connection with any change in the Company's capitalization as described in Section 16(a).
Changes in Capitalization
7. . The exercise price for an Option or SAR may not be reduced without the consent of the Company's stockholders. This shall include, without limitation, a repricing of the Option or SAR as well as an Option or SAR exchange program whereby the Participant agrees to cancel an existing Option in exchange for an Option, SAR or other Award. If an Option or SAR is cancelled in the same Fiscal Year in which it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction described in Section 14), the cancelled Option or SAR as well as any replacement Option or SAR will be counted against the limits set forth in section 6(a) above.  Moreover, if the exercise price of an Option or SAR is reduced, the transaction will be treated as a cancellation of the Option or SAR and the grant of a new Option or SAR.
No Repricing
8. .
Stock Options
(a) . Each Option shall be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designations, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares subject to a Participant's incentive stock options granted by the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary, that become exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 8(a), incentive stock options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time of grant.
Type of Option
(b) . The term of each Option shall be stated in the Notice of Grant; provided, however, that the term shall be seven (7) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant.
Term of Option
(c) .
Exercise Price and Consideration
(i) The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be such price as is determined by the Administrator, but shall be subject to the following:
(A) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option
(1) granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(2) granted to any Employee, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(B) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(ii) Except with respect to automatic stock option grants to Outside Directors,
the consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option, including the method of payment, shall be determined by the Administrator and may consist entirely of cash; check;; delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Committee and the broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required; or any combination of such methods of payment, or such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted under Applicable Law.
9. 
Stock Appreciation Rights.
(a) . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, SARs may be granted to Participants at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(a) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine the number of SARs granted to any Participant.
Grant of SARs
(b) . The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an SAR shall be determined by the Administrator and shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant. Otherwise, subject to Section 6(a) of the Plan, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of SARs granted under the Plan; provided, however, that no SAR may have a term of more than seven(=7) years from the date of grant.
Exercise Price and other Terms
(c) . Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:
Payment of SAR Amount
(i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times
(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised.
(d) . At the discretion of the Administrator, but only as specified in the Award Agreement, payment for a SAR may be in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. If the Award Agreement is silent as to the form of payment, payment of the SAR may only be in Shares.
Payment upon Exercise of SAR
(e) . Each SAR grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the exercise price, the term of the SAR, the conditions of exercise, whether it may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
SAR Agreement
(f) . A SAR granted under the Plan shall expire upon the date determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement.
Expiration of SARs
10. .
Exercise of Option or SAR
(a) . Any Option or SAR granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator, including performance criteria with respect to the Company and/or the Participant, and as shall be permissible under the terms of the Plan.
Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder
An Option or SAR may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option or SAR shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Option or SAR by the person entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and, with respect to Options only, full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised has been received by the Company. With respect to Options only, full payment may, as authorized by the Administrator, consist of any consideration and method of payment allowable under Section 8(d) of the Plan. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the stock certificate evidencing such Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 21 of the Plan.
(b) . If an Employee or Consultant ceases to serve as a Service Provider, he or she may, but only within 90 days (or such other period of time as is determined by the Administrator and as set forth in the Option or SAR Agreement) after the date he or she ceases to be a Service Provider, exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent that he or she was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that he or she was not entitled to exercise the Option or SAR at the date of such termination, or if he or she does not exercise such Option or SAR (which he or she was entitled to exercise) within the time specified herein, the Option or SAR shall terminate.
Termination of Status as a Service Provider
(c) . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant's Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the Option or SAR is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option or SAR shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Participant's termination. If, on the date of termination, the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option or SAR, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan.
Disability
(d) . If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option or SAR may be exercised following the Participant's death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement (but in no event may the option be exercised later than the expiration of the term set forth in the Award Agreement), by the Participant's designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Participant's death in a form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option or SAR may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant's estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option or SAR is transferred pursuant to the Participant's will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option or SAR shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participant's death. If the Option or SAR is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option or SAR shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan.
Death of Participant
11. .
Automatic Stock Option Grants to Outside Directors
(a) . All grants of Options to Outside Directors under this Plan shall be automatic and non-discretionary and shall be made strictly in accordance with the following provisions:
Procedure for Grants
(i) No person shall have any discretion to select which Outside Directors shall be granted Options or to determine the number of Shares to be covered by Options granted to Outside Directors.
(ii) Each Outside Director shall be automatically granted an Option to purchase 50,000 Shares (the "First Option") upon the date on which such person first becomes a Director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or appointment by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy.
(iii) At each of the Company's annual stockholder meetings (A) each Outside Director who was an Outside Director on the date of the prior year's annual stockholder meeting shall be automatically granted an Option to purchase 20,000 Shares, and (B) each Outside Director who was not an Outside Director on the date of the prior year's annual stockholder meeting shall receive an option covering the number of Shares determined by multiplying 20,000 Shares by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days since the Outside Director received their First Option, and the denominator of which is 365, rounded down to the nearest whole Share (the "Annual Option").
(iv) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (ii) and (iii) hereof, in the event that an automatic grant hereunder would cause the number of Shares subject to outstanding Options plus the number of Shares previously purchased upon exercise of Options to exceed the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, then each such automatic grant shall be for that number of Shares determined by dividing the total number of Shares remaining available for grant by the number of Outside Directors on the automatic grant date. Any further grants shall then be deferred until such time, if any, as additional Shares become available for grant under the Plan.
(v) The terms of an Option granted hereunder shall be as follows:
(A) the term of the Option shall be seven (7) years.
(B) the Option shall be exercisable only while the Outside Director remains a Director of the Company, except as set forth in subsection (c) hereof.
(C) the exercise price per Share shall be 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of the Option.
(D) the First Option shall vest and become exercisable as to 1/36 of the covered Shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36 vesting on the day prior to the Company's annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant, so as to become 100% vested on the approximately three-year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Participant maintaining Continuous Status as a Director on each vesting date.
th
th
(E) the Annual Option shall vest and become exercisable at to 1/12 of the covered Shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/12 vesting on the day prior to the Company's annual stockholder meeting in the calendar year following the date of grant, so as to become 100% vested on the approximately one year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Participant maintaining Continuous Status as a Director on each vesting date.
th
th
(b) . The consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an automatic Outside Director Option shall consist entirely of cash, check, and to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Administrator and the broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required to pay the exercise price, or any combination of such methods of payment.
Consideration for Exercising Outside Director Stock Options
(c) . If an Outside Director ceases to serve as a Director, (including pursuant to his or her death or Disability) he or she may, but only within within 90 daysafter the date he or she ceases to be a Director of the Company, exercise his or her Option to the extent that he or she was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that he or she was not entitled to exercise an Option at the date of such termination, or if he or she does not exercise such Option (which he was entitled to exercise) within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate.
Post-Directorship Exercisability
,
12. .
Restricted Stock
(a) . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (including the minimum vesting periods specified in Section 4(b)(vi)), Restricted Stock may be granted to Participants at any time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(b) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine (i) the number of Shares subject to a Restricted Stock award granted to any Participant, and (ii) the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on continued provision of services but may include a performance-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant, vesting or issuance of Restricted Stock.
Grant of Restricted Stock
(b) . The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Restricted Stock granted under the Plan; provided that Restricted Stock may only be issued in the form of Shares. Restricted Stock grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the stock or the restricted stock unit is awarded. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Restricted Stock Award agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the Shares of stock awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
(c) . Each Restricted Stock grant shall be evidenced by an agreement that shall specify the purchase price (if any) and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine; provided; however, that if the Restricted Stock grant has a purchase price, such purchase price must be paid no more than seven (7) years following the date of grant.
Restricted Stock Award Agreement
13. .
Restricted Stock Units
(a) . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it shall advise the Participant in writing or electronically of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units and the form of payout, which, subject to Section 6(b) hereof, may be left to the discretion of the Administrator.
Grant
(b) . The Administrator shall set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment), or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
Vesting Criteria and Other Terms
(c) . Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a payout as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.
Earning Restricted Stock Units
(d) . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, but only as specified in the Award Agreement, may pay earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof. If the Award Agreement is silent as to the form of payment, payment of the Restricted Stock Units may only be in Shares.
Form and Timing of Payment
(e) . On the date set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited to the Company.
Cancellation
14. .
Performance Shares
(a) . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Shares may be granted to Participants at any time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(b) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine (i) the number of Shares subject to a Performance Share award granted to any Participant, and (ii) the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on achievement of performance milestones but may include a service-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant or vesting of Performance Shares. Performance Shares shall be granted in the form of units to acquire Shares. Each such unit shall be the equivalent of one Share for purposes of determining the number of Shares subject to an Award. Until the Shares are issued, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the units to acquire Shares.
Grant of Performance Shares
(b) . The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Performance Shares granted under the Plan. Performance Share grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the stock is awarded, which may include such performance-based milestones as are determined appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Performance Shares Award Agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the Shares of stock awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
(c) . Each Performance Share grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
Performance Share Award Agreement
15. .
Performance Units
(a) . Performance Units are similar to Performance Shares, except that they shall be settled in a cash equivalent to the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares, determined as of the vesting date. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Units may be granted to Participants at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on achievement of performance milestones but may include a service-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant or vesting of Performance Units. Performance Units shall be granted in the form of units to acquire Shares. Each such unit shall be the cash equivalent of one Share of Common Stock. No right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to Performance Units or the cash payable thereunder.
Grant of Performance Units
(b) . Subject to Section 6(c) hereof, the Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units granted to any Participant.
Number of Performance Units
(c) . The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Performance Units granted under the Plan. Performance Unit grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the grant is awarded, which may include such performance-based milestones as are determined appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Performance Unit agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the units awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
(d) . Each Performance Unit grant shall be evidenced by an agreement that shall specify such terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
Performance Unit Award Agreement
16. .
Deferred Stock Units
(a) . Deferred Stock Units shall consist of a Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share or Performance Unit Award that the Administrator, in its sole discretion permits to be paid out in installments or on a deferred basis, in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Administrator. Deferred Stock Units shall remain subject to the claims of the Company's general creditors until distributed to the Participant.
Description
(b) . Deferred Stock Units shall be subject to the annual 162(m) limits applicable to the underlying Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share or Performance Unit Award as set forth in Section 6 hereof.
162(m) Limits
. If as a condition to be granted an unpaid leave of absence by the Company, a Participant agrees that vesting shall be suspended during all or a portion of such leave of absence, (except as otherwise required by Applicable Laws) vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall cease during such agreed upon portion of the unpaid leave of absence and shall only recommence upon return to active service.
17. 
Leaves of Absence
18. . Unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws, if as a condition to being permitted to work on a less than full-time basis, the Participant agrees that any service-based vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall be extended on a proportionate basis in connection with such transition to a less than a full-time basis, vesting shall be adjusted in accordance with such agreement. Such vesting shall be proportionately re-adjusted prospectively in the event that the Employee subsequently becomes regularly scheduled to work additional hours of service.
Part-Time Service
19. . Except as determined otherwise by the Administrator in its sole discretion (but never a transfer in exchange for value), Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant, without the prior written consent of the Administrator.
Non-Transferability of Awards
20. . When a Participant incurs tax liability in connection with the exercise, vesting or payout, as applicable, of an Award, which tax liability is subject to tax withholding under applicable tax laws, and the Participant is obligated to pay the Company an amount required to be withheld under applicable tax laws, the Participant may satisfy the withholding tax obligation by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option or SAR or the Shares to be issued upon payout or vesting of the other Award, if any, that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld shall be determined on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined (the "Tax Date").
Stock Withholding to Satisfy Withholding Tax Obligations
All elections by a Participant to have Shares withheld for this purpose shall be made in writing in a form acceptable to the Administrator and shall be subject to the following restrictions:
(a) the election must be made on or prior to the applicable Tax Date; and
(b) all elections shall be subject to the consent or disapproval of the Administrator.
In the event the election to have Shares subject to an Award withheld is made by a Participant and the Tax Date is deferred under Section 83 of the Code because no election is filed under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Participant shall receive the full number of Shares with respect to which the Option or SAR is exercised or other Award is vested but such Participant shall be unconditionally obligated to tender back to the Company the proper number of Shares on the Tax Date.
21. .
Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger or Asset Sale
(a) . Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each outstanding Award, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Award, as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Award, the annual share limitations under Sections 6(a) and (b) hereof, and the number of Shares subject to ongoing automatic First Option and Annual Option grants to Outside Directors under Section 11 hereof shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award.
Changes in Capitalization
(b) . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. The Administrator in its discretion (but not with respect to Options granted to Outside Directors)
Dissolution or Liquidation
may provide for a Participant to have the right to exercise his or her Option or SAR until ten (10) days prior to such transaction as to all of the Awarded Stock covered thereby, including Shares as to which the Award would not otherwise be exercisable. In addition, the Administrator may provide that any Company repurchase option or forfeiture rights applicable to any Award shall lapse 100%, and that any Award vesting shall accelerate 100%, provided the proposed dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in the manner contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously exercised (with respect to Options and SARs) or vested (with respect to other Awards), an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
(c) .
Merger or Asset Sale
(i) . In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, each outstanding Option and SAR shall be assumed or an equivalent option or SAR substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Option or SAR, the Participant shall fully vest in and have the right to exercise the Option or SAR as to all of the Awarded Stock, including Shares as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option or SAR becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a merger or asset sale, the Administrator shall notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or SAR shall be fully vested and exercisable for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such notice, and the Option or SAR shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. With respect to Options granted to Outside Directors, in the event that the Outside Director is required to terminate his or her position as an Outside Director at the request of the acquiring entity within 12 months following such merger or asset sale, each outstanding Option held by such Outside Director shall become fully vested and exercisable, including as to Shares as to which it would not otherwise be exercisable, unless the Board, in its discretion, determines otherwise.
Stock Options and SARs
(ii) . In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, each outstanding Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) shall be assumed or an equivalent Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent), the Participant shall fully vest in the Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent), including as to Shares (or with respect to Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units, the cash equivalent thereof) which would not otherwise be vested. For the purposes of this paragraph, a Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) shall be considered assumed if, following the merger or asset sale, the award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share (or with respect to Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units, the cash equivalent thereof) subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger or asset sale, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or asset sale by holders of the Company's common stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or asset sale is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received, for each Share and each unit/right to acquire a Share subject to the Award (other than Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units) to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of the Company's common stock in the merger or asset sale.
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units and Dividend Equivalents
22. . The date of grant of an Award shall, for all purposes, be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award. Notice of the determination shall be given to each Employee or Consultant to whom an Award is so granted within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
Time of Granting Awards
23. . The Plan shall continue in effect until March 1, 2016 .
Term of Plan
24. .
Amendment and Termination of the Plan
(a) . The Board may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.
Amendment and Termination
(b) . The Company shall obtain shareholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Rule 16b-3 or with Section 422 of the Code (or any successor rule or statute or other applicable law, rule or regulation, including the requirements of any exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted). Such shareholder approval, if required, shall be obtained in such a manner and to such a degree as is required by the applicable law, rule or regulation.
Shareholder Approval
(c) . No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company.
Effect of Amendment or Termination
25. . Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares
As a condition to the exercise or payout, as applicable, of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Option or SAR, or in the case of another Award (other than a Dividend Equivalent or Performance Unit), the person receiving the Shares upon vesting, to render to the Company a written statement containing such representations and warranties as, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, may be required to ensure compliance with any of the aforementioned relevant provisions of law, including a representation that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required.
26. . The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. Inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.
Reservation of Shares

Exhibit 10.2
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (the "Option Agreement").
I. 
NOTICE OF GRANT
[Optionee's Name and Address]
You have been granted an option to purchase Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows:
The Board hereby grants to the Optionee (the "Optionee") named in the Notice of Grant section of this Agreement (the "Notice of Grant"), an option (the "Option") to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the "Exercise Price"), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (which is incorporated herein by reference) and this Option Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.
(a) . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, subject to Optionee's remaining a Service Provider on each vesting date.
Right to Exercise
(b) . Subject to any extended post-termination exercise period set forth in duly authorized written agreements by and between Optionee and the Company, if Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider, then this Option may be exercised, but only to the extent vested on the date of such cessation as a Service Provider, until the earlier of (i) ninety days after the date upon which Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider, or (ii) the original seven-year Option term.
Post-Termination Exercise Period
(c) . This option may be exercised with respect to all or any part of any vested Shares by giving the Company, E*Trade OptionsLink, or any successor third-party stock option plan administrator designated by the Company written or electronic notice of such exercise, in the form designated by the Company or the Company's designated third-party stock option plan administrator, specifying the number of shares as to which this option is exercised and accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all exercised shares.
Method of Exercise
This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company, E*Trade OptionsLink or any successor third-party stock option plan administrator designated by the Company of such fully executed exercise notice accompanied by such aggregate Exercise Price.
No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise complies with applicable laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the exercised shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such exercised shares.
(d) . Payment of the aggregate exercise price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Optionee:
Payment of Exercise Price
(i) cash; or
(ii) check; or
(iii)  delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Administrator and a broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required to pay the exercise price.
This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by the Optionee. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Optionee.
This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement.
Some of the federal tax consequences relating to this Option, as of the date of this Option, are set forth below. THIS SUMMARY IS NECESSARILY INCOMPLETE, AND THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. THE OPTIONEE SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER BEFORE EXERCISING THIS OPTION OR DISPOSING OF THE SHARES.
(a) . The Optionee may incur regular federal income tax liability upon exercise of a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The Optionee will be treated as having received compensation income (taxable at ordinary income tax rates) equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the exercised shares on the date of exercise over their aggregate Exercise Price. If the Optionee is an Employee or a former Employee, the Company will be required to withhold from his or her compensation or collect from Optionee and pay to the applicable taxing authorities an amount in cash equal to a percentage of this compensation income at the time of exercise, and may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise.
Exercising the Option
(b) . If the Optionee holds NSO Shares for at least one year, any gain realized on disposition of the Shares will be treated as long-term capital gain for federal income tax purposes.
Disposition of Shares
The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Optionee's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Optionee. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California.
By your acknowledgement and acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to accepting this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Option Agreement. Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in his/her residence address.

Exhibit 10.3
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (the "Option Agreement").
I. 
NOTICE OF GRANT
[Optionee's Name and Address]
You have been granted an option to purchase Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows:
The Board hereby grants to the Optionee (the "Optionee") named in the Notice of Grant section of this Agreement (the "Notice of Grant"), an option (the "Option") to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the "Exercise Price"), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan (which is incorporated herein by reference) and this Option Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.
(a) . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, subject to Optionee's remaining a Director on each vesting date.
Right to Exercise
(b) . Subject to any extended post-termination exercise period set forth in duly authorized written agreements by and between Optionee and the Company, if Optionee ceases to remain in Continuous Status as a Director, then this Option may be exercised, but only to the extent vested on the date of such cessation of Continuous Status as a Director, until the earlier of (i) ninety days after the date upon which Optionee ceases his or her Continuous Status as a Director, or (ii) the original seven-year Option term.
Post-Termination Exercise Period
(c) . This option may be exercised with respect to all or any part of any vested Shares by giving the Company, E*Trade OptionsLink, or any successor third-party stock option plan administrator designated by the Company written or electronic notice of such exercise, in the form designated by the Company or the Company's designated third-party stock option plan administrator, specifying the number of shares as to which this option is exercised and accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all exercised shares.
Method of Exercise
This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company, E*Trade OptionsLink or any successor third-party stock option plan administrator designated by the Company of such fully executed exercise notice accompanied by such aggregate Exercise Price.
No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise complies with applicable laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the exercised shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such exercised shares.
(d) . Payment of the aggregate exercise price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Optionee:
Payment of Exercise Price
(i) cash; or
(ii) check; or
(iii)  delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Administrator and a broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required to pay the exercise price.
This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by the Optionee. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Optionee.
This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement.
Some of the federal tax consequences relating to this Option, as of the date of this Option, are set forth below. THIS SUMMARY IS NECESSARILY INCOMPLETE, AND THE TAX LAWS AND REGULATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. THE OPTIONEE SHOULD CONSULT A TAX ADVISER BEFORE EXERCISING THIS OPTION OR DISPOSING OF THE SHARES.
(a) . The Optionee may incur regular federal income tax liability upon exercise of a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The Optionee will be treated as having received compensation income (taxable at ordinary income tax rates) equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the exercised shares on the date of exercise over their aggregate Exercise Price.
Exercising the Option
(b) . If the Optionee holds NSO Shares for at least one year, any gain realized on disposition of the Shares will be treated as long-term capital gain for federal income tax purposes.
Disposition of Shares
The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Optionee's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Optionee. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California.
By your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to accepting this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Option Agreement. Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in his/her residence address.

Exhibit 10.4
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC.
Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Notice of Grant.
Name:
     
You have been granted Restricted Stock Units. Each such Unit is equivalent to one Share of Common Stock of the Company for purposes of determining the number of Shares subject to this award. None of the Restricted Stock Units will be issued (nor will you have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the underlying shares) until the vesting conditions described below are satisfied. Additional terms of this grant are as follows:
     
You acknowledge and agree that this agreement and the vesting schedule set forth herein does not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as a Service Provider for the vesting period, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere with your right or the Company's right to terminate your relationship as a Service Provider at any time, with or without cause.
You hereby agree to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Award.
By your acknowledgement and acceptance of the terms of this Notice of Grant prior to the Expiration Date, you agree that this Notice of Grant, the form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto and the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan constitute your entire agreement with respect to this Award and may not be modified adversely to your interest except by means of a writing agreed by the Company and you.
1. . The Company hereby grants to the Employee an award of Restricted Stock Units ("RSUs"), as set forth in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units and subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan"). Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.
Grant
2. . Each RSU represents the right to receive a Share on the vesting date. Unless and until the RSUs vest, the Employee will have no right to receive Shares under such RSUs. Prior to actual distribution of Shares pursuant to any vested RSUs, such RSUs will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.
Company's Obligation
3. . Subject to paragraph 4, to Plan Sections 16 and 17 and to any other relevant Plan provisions, the RSUs awarded by this Agreement will vest in the Employee according to the vesting schedule specified in the Notice of Grant.
Vesting Schedule
4. . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant, if the Employee terminates service as a Service Provider for any or no reason prior to vesting, the unvested RSUs awarded by this Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company.
Forfeiture upon Termination as Service Provider
5. . Any RSUs that vest in accordance with paragraph 3 will be paid to the Employee (or in the event of the Employee's death, to his or her estate) in Shares, provided that to the extent determined appropriate by the Company, any national, state and local withholding of taxes and/or social security contributions with respect to such RSUs, if applicable, will be paid by the Employee. The tax and/or social security contributions payment shall generally be made through the Employee's brokerage account designated by the Company. The Employee may choose to cover the tax and/or social security contributions payment through (i) cash on deposit at the broker, or (ii) by electing to have the broker sell vested shares to cover taxes, social security contributions and related fees. However, should the Employee's account have insufficient funds, the Employee will be deemed to have elected to have the broker sell vested shares to cover taxes, social security contributions and related fees. The Employee acknowledges and agrees that the amount of withholding taxes, social security contributions and related fees to be satisfied by selling vested shares be in excess, the Company will refund the excess amount to him or her within a reasonable period without any interest.
Payment after Vesting
6. . Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Employee under this Agreement will, if the Employee is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of the Employee's estate. Any such administrator or executor must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.
Payments after Death
7. . Neither the Employee nor any person claiming under or through the Employee will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Employee or Employee's broker.
Rights as Stockholder
8. . The Employee's employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries is on an at-will basis only. Accordingly, the terms of the Employee's employment with the Company and its Subsidiaries will be determined from time to time by the Company or the Subsidiary employing the Employee (as the case may be), and the Company or the Subsidiary will have the right, which is hereby expressly reserved, to terminate or change the terms of the employment of the Employee at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause or notice.
No Effect on Employment
9. . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company at 1194 North Mathilda Avenue
Address for Notices
Sunnyvale, California, 94089 : Stock Administration, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing or electronically.
Attn
10. . Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.
Grant is Not Transferable
11. . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
Binding Agreement
12. . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to the Employee (or his or her estate), such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state or federal law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority.
Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock
13. . This Agreement and the Notice of Grant are subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement or the Notice of Grant and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern.
Plan Governs
14. . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any RSUs have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Employee, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement.
Administrator Authority


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060719160933.txt.gz
TIME:20060719160933
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Material Impairments	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Material Impairments
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 19, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks" or the "Company") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its results for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information in this item 2.02 and Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 2.06 Material Impairments.
On July 18, 2006, Juniper Networks concluded that the carrying value of certain goodwill assets on its balance sheet was impaired as of June 30, 2006. Accordingly, the Company will record reductions in the carrying value of goodwill on its balance sheet for its Service Layer Technologies segment for the period ending June 30, 2006. The amount of the reductions to goodwill is expected to be approximately $1.3 billion. The goodwill was initially recorded based on stock prices at the time related merger agreements were executed and announced. The reductions to goodwill are primarily attributable to the decline in Juniper Networks' market capitalization since March 31, 2006. The Company does not expect that these reductions will result in any future cash expenditures. Should the Company's market capitalization decrease further, it is possible that there could be additional reductions in goodwill in future periods.
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On July 19, 2006, Juniper Networks issued a press release announcing the adoption of a common stock repurchase program of up to $1 billion. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on July 19, 2006 99.2 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on July 19, 2006
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
SUNNYVALE, CA  July 19, 2006  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its revenue results for the quarter ended June 30, 2006.
Net revenues for the second quarter of 2006 were $567.5 million, compared with $493.0 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 15 percent.
Net cash and investments increased over $200M during the second quarter of 2006 to $2.25 billion.
"We're pleased with the results for the quarter, the confidence our customers continue to place in Juniper and the strength of the business," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks.  "We see continued and expanding opportunity in the marketplace as we participate in the accelerating convergence on IP and benefit from the resulting demand for the unique capabilities of Juniper."
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the second quarter of 2006 were $25.2 million and $18.6 million, respectively.
The Company's market capitalization has declined since March 31, 2006, and therefore the Company is evaluating the carrying value of certain long-lived assets, consisting primarily of $4.9 billion of goodwill recorded on its balance sheet at June 30, 2006. Pursuant to accounting rules, the majority of the goodwill was recorded based on stock prices at the time merger agreements were executed and announced.  The Company expects to record reductions in the carrying value of goodwill and long-lived assets for the Service Layer Technologies segment of approximately $1.3 billion for the quarter ended June 30, 2006.  Should the Company's market capitalization decrease further, it is possible that there could be additional reductions in goodwill in future periods.
In a separate announcement, Juniper today announced that its Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $1 billion. Purchases under this program will be subject to a review of the circumstances in place at the time, and will not be implemented until after the Company has filed its Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2006
The Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors is conducting an independent investigation regarding stock options. Although the investigation is not complete, and the committee is continuing its review of the matters, the committee has reached a preliminary conclusion that the actual measurement dates for financial accounting purposes of certain stock option grants issued in the past differ from the recorded grant dates of such awards. Accordingly, the Company believes it will record additional non-cash charges for stock-based compensation expense, but is not yet able to determine the amount of such charges or the resulting tax and accounting impact of these actions or which periods, if any, would require restatement. Accordingly, the company is not providing detailed GAAP or Non-GAAP financials for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. In addition, the Company will not file its quarterly report on Form10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 until after completion of the investigation, and the Company does not expect the investigation to be completed until after the date the Form 10-Q is required to be filed.
Juniper's focus on innovation was reflected in a number of key product initiatives this quarter.
Highlights:
Customer confidence was reflected in a number of significant service provider wins including FastWeb in Italy for IPTV, Telgi Energy in Sweden for E320s and Global Crossing in the US for the T-series. In addition, momentum in the enterprise continued with wins at organizations such as MGM Mirage and Methodist Hospital in the US, as well as the Finnish Defense Force and Australia's Commonwealth Bank.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 19, 2006 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until August 19, 2006. A replay will be accessible by telephone on July 19, 2006 after 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time through July 26, 2006 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21298192. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
Conference Call and Web cast:
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at
www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, the Company's audit committee has not completed its review of stock option matters. There can be no assurance that the outcome of that investigation will not result in change to or restatement of financial results provided by the Company for this or any historical period or that the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006 will be timely filed. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
(1) Adjusted for reorganization of session border control product line from SLT to Infrastructure.

Exhibit 99.2
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 19, 2004  Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) announced today that its board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program which enables the Company to purchase up to $1 billion of the company's common stock.
"Our commitment to our shareholders is to continue to grow revenue, earnings and cash and as a result enhance the long term value of Juniper," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks. "Consistent with that commitment the Board of Directors has concluded that a significant stock repurchase program is appropriate."
Purchases under this plan will be subject to a review of the circumstances in place at the time, and will not be implemented until after the Company has filed its Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2006, which as separately announced today, will likely be delayed.
Acquisitions under the share repurchase program will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The program may be discontinued at any time.
This news release contains forward-looking statements about Juniper's common stock repurchase program, including the maximum amounts that may be purchased under the program. The statements are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the company's control and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, changes in the market price of the Company's common stock and changes in the Company's financial results, financial condition and cash requirements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at
www.juniper.net.
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060810161751.txt.gz
TIME:20060810161751
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
The disclosure set forth in Item 4.02 below is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 4.02 Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review.
(a) As previously announced by Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"), the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has been conducting an investigation into the Companys stock option practices and has reached a preliminary conclusion that the actual measurement dates for financial accounting purposes of certain stock option grants issued in the past differ from the recorded grant dates of such awards. Although the investigation is ongoing, upon the recommendation of management and the Audit Committee, the Juniper Board of Directors has concluded that the Company will need to restate historical financial statements to record additional non-cash charges for stock-based compensation expense related to past option grants. The Company has not determined the amount of such charges, the resulting tax and accounting impact, or which specific periods require restatement. Consequently, on August 9, 2006, upon the recommendation of management and the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors con cluded that financial statements and all earnings press releases and similar communications issued by the Company relating to periods beginning on or after January 1, 2003 should no longer be relied upon, including the Companys financial statements for fiscal years 2003, 2004 and 2005, the interim periods contained therein, and the quarter ended March 31, 2006. The Companys management and the Audit Committee have discussed this matter with Ernst & Young LLP, the Companys independent registered public accounting firm. The Company issued a press release on August 10, 2006, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on August 10, 2006
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Investor Relations Contact: Public Relations Contact:
Sunnyvale, CaliforniaAugust 10, 2006As previously announced by Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR), the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors has been conducting an investigation into the Company's stock option practices and has reached a preliminary conclusion that the actual measurement dates for financial accounting purposes of certain stock option grants issued in the past differ from the recorded grant dates of such awards.
Although the investigation is ongoing, upon the recommendation of management and the Audit Committee, the Juniper Board of Directors has concluded that the Company will need to restate historical financial statements to record additional non-cash charges for stock-based compensation expense related to past option grants. The Company has not determined the amount of such charges, the resulting tax and accounting impact, or which specific periods require restatement. Accordingly, the Company today filed a Form 8-K with the SEC stating that the financial statements and all earnings press releases and similar communications issued by the Company relating to periods beginning on or after January 1, 2003 should therefore not be relied upon.
In addition, the Company today filed a Notification of Late Filing on Form 12b-25 with the SEC indicating that the Company missed the prescribed deadline for its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ending June 30, 2006. As a result of this delinquency, the Company expects to receive a notice of delisting from Nasdaq in accordance with Nasdaq's standard process.
Juniper is committed to resolving these issues as expeditiously as possible and to file its Form 10-Q and restated financial statements as soon as practicable following completion of the independent investigation.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20060815093615.txt.gz
TIME:20060815093615
EVENTS:	Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
As anticipated, on August 14, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") received a Nasdaq Staff Determination letter indicating that the Company is not currently in compliance with Nasdaqs listing requirements as set forth in Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14) due to the delayed filing of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. The Company will initiate the appeal process by requesting a hearing before the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel in response to the letter. Pending a decision by the panel, Juniper shares will remain listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Company issued a press release on August 15, 2006, a copy of which is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Press Release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on August 15, 2006
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations Contact: Public Relations Contact:
Sunnyvale, CaliforniaAugust 15, 2006Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR), announced that, as anticipated, on August 14, 2006 it received a Nasdaq Staff Determination letter indicating that the Company is not currently in compliance with Nasdaq's listing requirements as set forth in Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14) due to the delayed filing of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006. The Company will initiate the appeal process by requesting a hearing before the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel in response to the letter. Pending a decision by the panel, Juniper shares will remain listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks is the leader in enabling secure and assured communications over a single IP network. The company's purpose-built, high performance IP platforms enable customers to support many different services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions worldwide rely on Juniper Networks to deliver products for building networks that are tailored to the specific needs of their users, services and applications. Juniper Networks' portfolio of proven networking and security solutions supports the complex scale, security and performance requirements of the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20061018161240.txt.gz
TIME:20061018161240
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 18, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper Networks" or the "Company") issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its results for the quarter ended September 30, 2006. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information in this item 2.02 and Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on October 18, 2006
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
SUNNYVALE, CA  October 18, 2006  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its revenue results for the quarter ended September 30, 2006.
Net revenues for the third quarter of 2006 were $573.6 million, compared with $546.4 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 5 percent. Net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2006 were $1,707.8 million, compared with $1,488.5 million for the same period last year, an increase of almost 15 percent.
Net cash, cash equivalents and investments increased over $166 million during the third quarter of 2006 to $2.4 billion. Net cash, cash equivalents and investments at September 30, 2006 increased over $425 million year-over-year.
"The quarter is a reflection of our uninterrupted focus on innovation and our continuing ability to meet our customer's requirements," commented Scott Kriens, chairman and CEO, Juniper Networks.  "We will continue to invest in our opportunities and the markets around the world."
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the third quarter of 2006 were $26.4 million and $19.7 million, respectively.
Juniper's focus on innovation was reflected in a number of key product initiatives this quarter.
Highlights:
For the service provider market, Juniper announced a series of enhancements for its E320 Broadband Services Router that provide increased performance, flexibility and efficiency for IPTV and multiplay networks. Juniper is delivering new 10 Gigabit Ethernet and High Density Gigabit Ethernet interface cards with advanced multicasting optimization capabilities that can reduce the cost and complexity of deploying IPTV and other multiplay services which further extends the platform's leadership in next-generation multiplay networks.
On the enterprise side, Juniper added three new appliance lines to the Secure Services Gateway (SSG) Family of branch office security products. The new SSG 5, SSG 20 and SSG 140, which collectively bring nine new SSG models, combine proven firewall/virtual private networking (FW/VPN) and robust routing with a complete set of Unified Threat Management (UTM) security features to protect traffic as it flows in and out of the branch office. The SSG 5 and SSG 20 are targeted at small branch offices and telecommuter environments while the SSG 140 is ideally suited for medium-sized branch offices, and stand alone businesses.
This week Juniper introduced the MX960 Ethernet Services Router, a high-density, purpose-built, Carrier Ethernet platform. With this, Juniper has strengthened its position significantly in the Carrier Ethernet market. Juniper is leveraging its technology leadership, innovation and experience to deliver a purpose-built, best-in-class Carrier Ethernet platform, which extends the JUNOS stability and feature richness to the Carrier Ethernet edge. Establishing a new benchmark for Carrier Ethernet capacity, density and performance, the MX960 is the first in a series of platforms optimized for emerging Ethernet network architectures and services. The MX960 is designed for the most demanding carrier applications and enhances the company's existing Carrier Ethernet portfolio and complements the products and technologies introduced earlier in the year.
Also this week Juniper introduced new additions to the WX and DX application acceleration platforms, which advance the company's comprehensive data center solution and meet the changing requirements for enterprise data centers.  The Juniper data center solution addresses key IT initiatives, including data center consolidation, web-enablement of applications, data replication and backup, implementation of high-availability architectures, security, and regulatory compliance.  
Customer confidence was reflected in a number of significant service provider wins including China Telecom with M- and T-series, TelstraClear in New Zealand with M320s, Bestel in Mexico with E- and M-series for Multiplay services, and Telefonica in Germany with M- and T-series. In addition, momentum in the enterprise continued with wins at organizations such as Dow Corning in the U.S. and A-Pressen in Norway with our application acceleration platforms, Deposit Insurance of Vietnam with our enterprise routers, firewall/VPNs, SSL VPNs, and intrusion prevention appliances, and Norwegian municipal authority Fredrikstad Kommune with our unified access control solution.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 18, 2006 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until November 18, 2006. A replay will be accessible by telephone on October 18, 2006 after 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time through October 25, 2006 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21305676. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
Conference Call and Web cast:
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
Juniper Networks develops purpose-built, high performance IP platforms that enable customers to support a wide variety of services and applications at scale.  Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions rely on Juniper to deliver a portfolio of proven networking, security and application acceleration solutions that solve highly complex, fast-changing problems in the world's most demanding networks.  Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, although the Company's audit committee has not completed its review of stock option matters, it has reached a preliminary conclusion that the actual measurement dates for financial accounting purposes of certain stock option grants issued in the past differ from the recorded grant dates of such awards, and the Juniper Board of Directors has concluded that the Company will need to restate historical financial statements to record additional non-cash charges for stock-based compensation expense related to past option grants. The Company has not determined the amount of such charges, the resulting tax and accounting impact, or which specific periods require restatement. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
(1) Adjusted for reorganization of session border control product line from Service Layer Technologies to Infrastructure.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20061120163201.txt.gz
TIME:20061120163201
EVENTS:	Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
On November 15, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") received a Nasdaq Staff Determination letter indicating that the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaqs listing requirements as set forth in Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14) due to the delayed filing of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006. The Company issued a press release on November 20, 2006, a copy of which is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on November 20, 2006
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Investor Relations Contact: Public Relations Contact:
SUNNYVALE, Calif., November 20, 2006  Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR), today announced that it has received a notice from the Nasdaq Stock Market stating that the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq's Marketplace Rule 4310(c)(14) because the Company has not timely filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2006.  Juniper received a similar notice on August 14, 2006 due to the delay in filing its Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2006. As previously disclosed, the Company has delayed the filing of its Forms 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2006 and September 30, 2006 due to the audit committee's ongoing investigation into the Company's historical stock option practices.
Juniper had a hearing before a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel for continued listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market on September 26, 2006.  The Company is awaiting the decision of the Listing Qualifications Panel.  The Company's securities will remain listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market pending a decision by the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks develops purpose-built, high performance IP platforms that enable customers to support a wide variety of services and applications at scale.  Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions rely on Juniper to deliver a portfolio of proven networking, security and application acceleration solutions that solve highly complex, fast-changing problems in the world's most demanding networks.  Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20061220160739.txt.gz
TIME:20061220160739
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On December 20, 2006, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") issued a press release regarding the independent investigation into the Company's historical stock option practices. A copy of the press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on December 20, 2006.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Sunnyvale, California  December 20, 2006  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ-JNPR) today announced the completion of the independent investigation related to Juniper Networks' historical stock option granting practices. This comprehensive seven-month review was conducted by Juniper Networks' Audit Committee, which was assisted by both independent counsel and forensic accountants. The investigation involved the review of more than 785,000 documents. Juniper Networks' Board of Directors has reviewed and adopted the Audit Committee's findings.
As previously announced, the Company reached a conclusion that the actual measurement dates for financial accounting purposes of numerous stock option grants issued in the past differ from the recorded grant dates of such awards. The Audit Committee determined that there were numerous instances in which grant dates were chosen with the benefit of hindsight as to the price of the Company's stock, so as to give favorable prices. In this regard, the Audit Committee identified serious concerns regarding certain former management. In addition, formal documentation often lagged the referenced grant date and there was insufficient exercise by management of responsibility for the stock option process. The Company currently anticipates that it will record additional non-cash charges for stock-based compensation expense of approximately $900 million, 99.9 percent of which relate to options granted between June 9, 1999 and December 31, 2003.
Juniper Networks' CEO, Scott Kriens, received two stock option awards with measurement date issues. However, both options were canceled unexercised in 2001. Kriens has not exercised any stock options since 1998, approximately a year before the Company's IPO.
The Audit Committee and the Board of Directors expressed their continuing confidence in Scott Kriens and the current management of the Company.
"As the leader of this company, I would like to express our regret, to everyone who relies on Juniper, for the difficulties this situation has caused for us all. In prior years, we should have had better stock option granting processes, controls and oversight in place, and we did not," said Scott Kriens, Juniper's CEO. "While we cannot undo the past, we will focus going forward on the filing of our financial statements, further improving the robustness of the Company's stock option granting procedures, the ongoing cooperation with government agencies and the continued execution of our business strategy."
The Company intends to file its Form 10-Q for each of the quarters ended June 30, 2006 and September 30, 2006, and any other required financial restatements during the first quarter of 2007. Juniper received a written notification from the staff of The NASDAQ Stock Market that the NASDAQ Listing Qualifications Panel has granted the Company's request for continued listing on The NASDAQ Stock Market, subject to the conditions that the Company shall file on or before February 12, 2007 a written summary of the audit committee's finding and its Forms 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2006 and September 30, 2006. It is our intent to come into compliance with the NASDAQ listing qualifications.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks develops purpose-built, high performance IP platforms that enable customers to support a wide variety of services and applications at scale. Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions rely on Juniper to deliver a portfolio of proven networking, security and application acceleration solutions that solve highly complex, fast-changing problems in the world's most demanding networks. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning the anticipated amount of stock based compensation charges and the expected timing of future financial filings are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: the discovery of additional facts, identification of additional charges, results of Nasdaq listing procedures or determinations, the process of completing and auditing financial statements, and reviews by regulatory bodies. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070108160854.txt.gz
TIME:20070108160854
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On January 8, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper" or the "Company") announced that Stephen Elop has joined the Company as Chief Operating Officer. As Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Elop will report directly to the Company's CEO, and reporting to Mr. Elop will be the leaders of Juniper's enterprise and service provider business teams, corporate development, global sales and service, marketing and IT organizations. Prior to joining Juniper, Mr. Elop, age 43, served as President of Worldwide Field Operations of Adobe Systems, Inc. from December 2005 to December 2006. Prior to December 2005, Mr. Elop served in many senior positions at Macromedia Inc. including: President, Chief Executive Officer and member of the Macromedia board of directors from January 2005 to December 2005, Chief Operating Officer from July 2004 to January 2005, Executive Vice President of Worldwide Field Operations from April 2001 to January 2005, General Manager, eBusiness Solutions from December 1999 to April 2001, and Chief Information Officer from March 1998 to December 1999. Mr. Elop holds a bachelors degree from McMaster University. The following is a summary of Mr. Elops compensation arrangement with the Company: Mr. Elop will receive an annual base salary of $540,000. Mr. Elop will be eligible for incentive compensation under the Companys executive incentive plan, as in effect from time to time. His annual target incentive is 125% of base salary. Mr. Elop will be granted a stock option for 300,000 shares effective upon the commencement of his employment. The exercise price will be the closing market price of Juniper common stock on the date of grant. The option will vest as to 25% of the shares on the first anniversary of his employment commencement and the balance will vest in 36 successive monthly installments. Mr. Elop will also participate in a future performance share executive incentive program. Under this program, the final terms of which have not been determine d at this time, Mr. Elop will be eligible to receive fully paid shares of common stock based on the achievement of financial and other business objectives to be determined by the Company over a specific performance measurement period. Mr. Elop will have a target award of 100,000 shares under this program, although the exact number of shares he will ultimately receive will be based on performance under the program. Mr. Elop will also be entitled to relocation reimbursement and benefits of up to $200,000 in addition to reimbursement of travel costs between his current home and Junipers offices in Sunnyvale. On January 4, 2007, the Companys Compensation Committee also approved severance benefits for Mr. Elop, as well as for several members of senior management, including Mr. Scott Kriens, Mr. Pradeep Sindhu, Mr. Robert Dykes, Mr. Eddie Minshull, Ms. Kim Perdikou, and Mr. Robert Sturgeon. In the event the employee is terminated involuntarily by Juniper without Cause, as defined b elow, and provided the employee executes a full release of claims, in a form satisfactory to Juniper, promptly following termination, the employee will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: (i) an amount equal to six months of base salary and (ii) an amount equal to half of the individuals annual target bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs. For purposes of this agreement, "Cause" is defined as: (i) willfully engaging in gross misconduct that is demonstrably injurious to Juniper; (ii) willful act or acts of dishonesty or malfeasance undertaken by the individual; (iii) conviction of a felony; or (iv) willful and continued refusal or failure to substantially perform duties with Juniper (other than incapacity due to physical or mental illness); provided that the action or conduct described in clause (iv) above will constitute "Cause" only if such failure continues after the Juniper CEO or Board of Directors has provided the individual with a written demand for su bstantial performance setting forth in detail the specific respects in which it believes the individual has willfully and not substantially performed the individuals duties thereof and has been provided a reasonable opportunity (to be not less than 30 days) to cure the same. In addition, on January 4, 2007, the Compensation Committee approved certain benefits for Mr. Elop, as well as for several members of senior management, including Mr. Scott Kriens, Mr. Pradeep Sindhu, Mr. Robert Dykes, Mr. Eddie Minshull, Ms. Kim Perdikou, and Mr. Robert Sturgeon, in the event of a change of control. In approving these benefits the committee considered a number of factors, including the prevalence of similar benefits adopted by other publicly traded companies. Under the benefits approved by the committee, provided the employee signs a release of claims and complies with certain post termination non-solicitation and non-competition obligations, the employee will receive change in control severance benefits if either (i) the employee is terminated without Cause within 12 months following the change of control or (ii) between 4 and 12 months following a change of control the employee terminates his or her employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) for "Good Reason." The change in control severance benefits consist of (a) a cash payment equal to the employees annual base salary plus the employees target bonus for the fiscal year in which the change of control or the employees termination occurs, whichever is greater, (b) acceleration of vesting of all of the employees then unvested outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and other Company equity compensation awards and (c) one year of Company-paid health, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage. "Cause" means (i) an act of personal dishonesty taken by the employee in connection with his responsibilities as an employee and intended to result in substant ial personal enrichment of the employee, (ii) employee being convicted of, or pleading nolo contendere to a felony, (iii) a willful act by the employee which constitutes gross misconduct and which is injurious to the Company, (iv) following delivery to the employee of a written demand for performance from the Company which describes the basis for the Companys reasonable belief that the employee has not substantially performed his or her duties, continued violations by the employee of the employees obligations to the Company which are demonstrably willful and deliberate on the employees part. "Good Reason" means any of the following actions taken without the employees express written consent: (i) a material reduction of the employees duties, title, authority or responsibilities, relative to the employees duties, title, authority or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; provided, however, that a reduction in duties, title, authority o r responsibilities solely by virtue of the Company being acquired and made part of a larger entity (as, for example, when the Chief Financial Officer of the Company remains the Chief Financial Officer of the subsidiary or business unit substantially containing the Companys business following a change of control) shall not by itself constitute grounds for "Good Reason"; (ii) a substantial reduction of the facilities and perquisites (including office space and location) available to the employee immediately prior to such reduction; (iii) a reduction by the Company in the base compensation or total target cash compensation of the employee as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iv) a material reduction by the Company in the kind or level of benefits to which the employee was entitled immediately prior to such reduction with the result that such employees overall benefits package is significantly reduced; (v) the relocation of the employee to a facility or a location more than forty (4 0) miles from such employees then present location. On January 4, 2007, the Compensation Committee also approved discretionary cash bonuses for 2006 for Mr. Minshull, Ms. Perdikou and Mr. Dykes in the amounts of $250,000, $125,000 and $125,000, respectively. In determining the amount these bonuses, the Company considered the additional responsibilities and projects assumed by the individuals, their performance in their roles, and their overall cash compensation. These amounts are in addition to incentives to be paid pursuant to the 2006 Executive Incentive Plan which provides variable compensation based primarily on financial performance. Based on the leadership and performance demonstrated in 2006 in new roles assumed by the individuals or in managing additional projects and responsibilities undertaken during the year, it was determined that discretionary bonuses be awarded to these individuals in recognition of those contributions in addition to amounts earned based on financial per formance. The amounts were recommended by the Companys Chief Executive Officer and were approved by the Compensation Committee. On January 4, 2007, the Compensation Committee also awarded restricted stock units for Mr. Minshull, Ms. Perdikou and Mr. Sturgeon in the amount of 120,000, 80,000 and 80,000 shares respectively. Such restricted stock units vest as to 25% of the shares on February 1, 2008, 25% on February 1, 2009 and 50% on February 1, 2010. In determining whether to provide these awards and how many restricted stock units to award, the Compensation Committee considered several factors including whether existing options were underwater, how critical are the contributions made by the individual, an assessment of retention risk and the employees current target compensation before and after the award relative to market data and other executive officers in Juniper. These equity awards were intended to promote the retention of the individuals by providing additional time bas ed equity awards and by providing overall compensation at approximately the 75th percentile of the market.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070130160943.txt.gz
TIME:20070130160943
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 30, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. issued a press release and held a conference call regarding its results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2006. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information in this item 2.02 and Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on January 30, 2007
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
SUNNYVALE, CA  January 30, 2007  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its revenue results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2006.
Net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2006 were $595.8 million, compared with $575.5 million for the same quarter last year, an increase of 4 percent. Net revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 were $2,303.6 million, compared with $2,064.0 million for the same period last year, an increase of approximately 12 percent.
Net cash, cash equivalents and investments increased over $200 million during the fourth quarter of 2006 to $2.6 billion.
"2006 marked our 10 anniversary and a year of considerable progress which culminated with record revenue results in the fourth quarter," said Scott Kriens, Juniper Networks' Chairman and CEO. "Moving into 2007, we see a marketplace that presents us with significant opportunity to deliver strategic value to customers, scale our ability to execute and continue to grow our business."
th
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the fourth quarter of 2006 were $32.3 million and $20.7 million, respectively.
Juniper's focus on innovation was reflected across a number of key product initiatives during the quarter. 
Highlights:
For the service provider market, Juniper continued to invest and innovate delivering new features that improve operational
efficiencies in next-generation core networks being deployed in response to increasing demand for multiplay service offerings.
New T-series enhancements included industry-leading point-to-multipoint JUNOS capabilities and new solutions to integrate optical transport and core IP routers. A new T-series 40 Gbps Interface Card delivers unprecedented interoperability and service agility over optical transport and IP network infrastructures. The latest features address service provider requirements in the strong installed base of more than 2,500 T-series routers deployed worldwide.  
Also in the fourth quarter Juniper and NEC expanded its existing partnership and announced plans to jointly develop IMS-FMC solutions for the service provider market. Juniper and NEC are collaborating to deliver comprehensive, best-in-class solutions for both wired and wireless service providers.
On the enterprise side, Juniper announced its branch office strategy that includes standards-based application acceleration, IP telephony, routing and security designed to work with customers' existing networks and accommodate future growth.
The branch office strategy also includes a range of new implementation services with Juniper WAN Application Acceleration technologies, as well as the integration of Intelligent Communications capabilities from Avaya into the J-series routers offering greater flexibility for customers.
Also announced in the fourth quarter was the integration completion of Juniper's 802.1X components with the new Unified Access Control 2.0 solution, including elements of the Odyssey Access Client and Steel-Belted Radius. As an open standards-based Layer 2 and Layer 3 access control solution, UAC 2.0 can be deployed in a flexible array of deployment scenarios to give enterprises real-time visibility and granular policy control throughout the network. 
Market Share Leadership
Juniper continues leadership momentum with its position in the "Leaders" quadrant of Gartner's Magic Quadrant for SSL VPN, North America, 3Q06 and Magic Quadrant for Network Intrusion Prevention System Appliances, 2H06. Juniper's placement in the Leaders
quadrant was based on the company's completeness of vision and ability to execute in both the SSL VPN and IPS markets.  Further, Infonetics Research, Inc. recognized Juniper as the second-largest security vendor in the industry and overall market share leader in the SSL VPN market.  Juniper continued to maintain its Number 2 market share position in Service Provider and high-end enterprise routing for 16 and 4 consecutive quarters respectively according to Synergy Research Group.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 30, 2007 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until February 27, 2007. A replay will be accessible by telephone on January 30, 2007 after 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time through February 6, 2007 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21321540. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
Conference Call and Web cast:
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
Juniper Networks develops purpose-built, high performance IP platforms that enable customers to support a wide variety of services and applications at scale.  Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions rely on Juniper to deliver a portfolio of proven networking, security and application acceleration solutions that solve highly complex, fast-changing problems in the world's most demanding networks.  Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has concluded that the actual measurement dates for financial accounting purposes of certain stock option grants issued in the past differ from the recorded grant dates of such awards, and that the Company will need to restate historical financial statements to record additional non-cash charges for stock-based compensation expense related to past option grants. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
(1) Adjusted for reorganization of session border control product line from Service Layer Technologies to Infrastructure.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070208141729.txt.gz
TIME:20070208141729
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On February 8, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. issued a press release announcing an increase to the amount authorized under its common stock repurchase program. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on February 8, 2007.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
SUNNYVALE, CA  February 7, 2007  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today announced
that its board of directors approved an increase of $1 billion under the Company's share repurchase program. Coupled with the prior authorization of $1 billion announced in July 2006, Juniper is now authorized to repurchase up to a total of $2 billion of its common stock.
Purchases under this plan will be subject to a review of the circumstances in place at the time, and will not be implemented until after the Company has filed its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the second and third quarters of 2006 and annual report on Form 10-K for 2006. Acquisitions under the share repurchase program will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The program may be discontinued at any time.
Juniper Networks develops purpose-built, high performance IP platforms that enable customers to support a wide variety of services and applications at scale.  Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions rely on Juniper to deliver a portfolio of proven networking, security and application acceleration solutions that solve highly complex, fast-changing problems in the world's most demanding networks.  Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
This news release contains forward-looking statements about Juniper's common stock repurchase program, including the maximum amounts that may be purchased under the program. The statements are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, changes in the market price of the Company's common stock and changes in the Company's financial results, financial condition and cash requirements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070221115140.txt.gz
TIME:20070221115140
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On February 21, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") announced that Frank Marshall has resigned from the Company's board of directors (the "Board") effective February 20, 2007. Mr. Marshall's decision to resign was not because of any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices. (d) In addition, on February 20, 2007, the Board elected Michael Lawrie to serve as a Class III director. Mr. Lawrie is expected to be named to the compensation committee of the Board. Pursuant to the terms of the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, on February 20, 2007 Mr. Lawrie was granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The exercise price of the option is the closing market price of the Company's common stock on February 20, 2007. The option will vest and become exercisable as to 1/36th of the covered shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36th vesting on the day prior to the Company&# x2019;s annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant, so as to become 100% vested on the approximately three-year anniversary of the grant date.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070305160448.txt.gz
TIME:20070305160448
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On February 27, 2007, in connection with a regularly scheduled meeting to determine nominees for election to the Juniper Networks Board of Directors at the 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Mr. Kenneth Levy indicated that he would retire from the Board at the expiration of his current term and that he did not wish to be nominated for re-election. Mr. Levy's decision was not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070312081929.txt.gz
TIME:20070312081929
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On March 12, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") issued a press release in which it announced that certain historical financial information for periods in fiscal year 2006 has been posted to the Company's website at http://www.juniper.net/company/investor_relations. The posted information includes financial information prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), as well as non-GAAP financial information and corresponding reconciliations of such measures. A copy of the historical financial information posted on the Company's website is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein. Exhibit 99.1 also includes information regarding why the Company believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures. The information in this item 2.02 and Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Historical Financial Information of Juniper Networks, Inc.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The tables above include non-GAAP net income, as well as other non-GAAP line items from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described below, and used in the tables above, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to the Company's GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in the Company's financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of non-GAAP net income and other non-GAAP measures to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating our net income, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We excluded certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring, impairments and related costs; (ii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; and (iii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. We believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our businesses. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected on our income statement. Stock based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of cash ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Because of these unique characteristics of stock based compensation, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare cash flows from operations and cash flows from financing activities with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070312160535.txt.gz
TIME:20070312160535
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e) On March 9, 2007, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") adopted compensatory plans and arrangements for the Company's executive officers for the 2007 fiscal year. A description of the terms and conditions of the plans and arrangements adopted by the Compensation Committee is set forth on Exhibit 99.1 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Description of Compensatory Plans and Arrangements Adopted on March 9, 2007
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
On March 9, 2007, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") adopted its 2007 Annual Incentive Plan for its executive officers. Each executive officer has an incentive target specified for that individual which is expressed as a percentage of base salary, ranging between 150% and 75%. Under the 2007 Annual Incentive Plan, each participant receives an annual incentive bonus based on achievement of specified objectives during the year. The incentive is based 50% on the Company's revenue results, 30% on the Company's operating income results and 20% on achievement of other specified strategic goals. However, in the case of a general manager of a business unit, such as Ms. Kim Perdikou, Executive Vice President, Infrastructure Products Group, the revenue and operating income factors are based half on achievement of the Company's revenue and operating income targets and half on achievement of the applicable business unit's revenue and contribution margin targets. The incentive amounts paid after the end of the year will depend on the level of achievement and range between zero and 200% of the target incentive. For example, no payment is earned for the revenue component or operating income component if less than 80% of the respective objective is achieved. At 80% of the objective, 30% of the applicable component is earned; achievement of 100% of the objective results in 100% of the component earned; and if 120% of the objective is achieved, 200% of that component is earned.
As part of its 2007 executive compensation review and actions, the Compensation Committee also established new base salaries for several executive officers as follows: Mr. Kriens  $600,000, Ms. Perdikou  $345,000 and Mr. Sindhu  $345,000. Salaries of other executive officers were not changed. The Company also established new target incentive percentages of 75% of annual base salary for Ms. Perdikou and Mr. Pradeep Sindhu under the 2007 Annual Incentive Plan. Target incentive percentages for other executives were not changed and continue at the previously disclosed levels.
In addition to cash compensation pursuant to base salaries and the 2007 Annual Incentive Plan, the Company provides long term incentives to its executive officers. These long term incentives approved by the Compensation Committee for 2007 include stock options and performance shares. The stock options vest over four years based on continued service to the Company as follows: 25% vest on the first anniversary of grant and the remaining 75% vests in 36 equal monthly installments over the remainder of the four year period.
The performance shares vest based on achievement of specific performance objectives over a three year period. The amount of performance shares earned is based on the achievement of annual performance targets established for that year. For 2007, the performance targets are based on revenue and operating margin. With respect to each year's performance, the individual can earn between zero and 200% of the target amount for that year (the target for each year is one third of the target for the three year period) depending on the level of achievement against the targets established for that year. At the completion of the three years, and provided the employee is still employed on the date of calculation, the employee is issued a number of fully paid and fully vested shares of common stock equal to the number "earned" over the three year period. For example, an employee is granted performance shares for a maximum of 60,000 shares with a target number of 30,000 shares over a three year period. During the first year the Company achieves the target revenues and target operating margin, and the employee earns the target number of 10,000 shares. During the second year, the Company achieves target revenue but is below target operating margin and the employee earns 5,000 shares. During the third year, the Company exceeds its revenue and operating margin targets and the employee earns 20,000 shares. Accordingly, the employee is issued at the completion of the three year cycle a total of 35,000 fully vested shares. No shares are issued prior to the completion of the third year.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070313160124.txt.gz
TIME:20070313160124
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) In connection with the ongoing review of the Companys growth plans and requirements to achieve the Companys desired scale, Mr. Robert Dykes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Robert Sturgeon, Executive Vice President, Service Layer Technology Group, each announced on March 12, 2007 that he will be resigning from Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company" or "Juniper"). Mr. Dykes has driven significant advances in streamlining Junipers manufacturing processes and has led the Companys finance, legal, IT, investor relations and manufacturing organizations. He will continue in his current role with Juniper through the end of April. Mr. Sturgeon has been instrumental in the development of Junipers customer service organization and in guiding the Company through the first phase of its enterprise business strategy. He will continue in his current role with Juniper through the end of March. Neither resignation was the result o f any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070423161404.txt.gz
TIME:20070423161404
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 23, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report present non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share data, as well as other non-GAAP line items from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described below, and used in the tables in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to the Companys GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in the Companys financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share data, as well as other non-GAAP measures, to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ong oing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our busi ness for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating our net income and net income per share, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the tables contained in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We excluded certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; and (iii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations wit h prior and future periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. We believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our businesses. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in accordance with Statement of Financial Accountin g Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected on our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of cash ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparabl e option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare cash flows from operations and cash flows from financing activities with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(c) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on April 23, 2007
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
SUNNYVALE, CA  April 23, 2007  Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2007.
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2007 were $626.9 million, compared with $566.7 million for the first quarter of 2006, an increase of 11 percent.
Net income on a GAAP basis for the first quarter of 2007 was $66.6 million or $0.11 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $75.8 million or $0.13 per share for the first quarter of 2006. Non-GAAP net income for the first quarter of 2007 was $112.4 million or $0.19 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $113.4 million or $0.19 per share for the first quarter of 2006. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Product Revenue by Operating Segment table.
Net cash flows from operations for the first quarter of 2007 were $152.6 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $138.6 million for the first quarter of 2006.
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the first quarter of 2007 were $32.4 million and $22.2 million, respectively.
"Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations," said Scott Kriens, Juniper Networks' Chairman and CEO. "We continue to see a solid opportunity for Juniper moving forward and remain focused on meeting the strategic needs of our customers and sharpening our execution."
Continued focus on execution was reflected across all aspects of Juniper's business in the first quarter.
Highlights:
As service providers continue their next generation network build-outs Juniper realized strength in the adoption of the T- and M-series routers. Virgin Media Group, the UK's largest cable operator, deployed T-series core routers, including the multi-terabit TX Matrix, to upgrade its IP backbone network. In addition, through partner Nokia Siemens Networks the South African Second National Operator (SNO) Neotel, Johannesburg is building out a nationwide IP core network utilizing Juniper Networks T-and M-series routers. At the network edge we realized strength across the E-series as well as expanding interest in the MX960 Ethernet Services Router.
Juniper introduced a portfolio of open and scalable Session and Resource Control (SRC) solutions that provide comprehensive subscriber management capabilities, enabling service providers to ensure a high-quality user experience for multiplay and mobile services in next generation networks.
The company realized increased adoption of Juniper security products as service providers strive to deliver enhanced security across their networks and services. T-Mobile Australia will secure network traffic with Juniper's integrated security products and BT Plc selected Juniper Networks M-and J-series routers and security solutions for the UK's Defence Fixed Telecommunications Service project.
In the enterprise the company experienced increased acceptance of Juniper integrated security platforms with particular strength across the Integrated Security Gateway (ISG) with Intrusion Detection and Prevention (IDP) and Secure Services Gateway (SSG) products. The Juniper Networks SSG was bestowed the "Best Security Product 2007" from UK published Network Computing and the ISG with IDP earned the Information Security "Hot Pick" award.
Juniper Networks M-and J-series routers gained continued acceptance in the enterprise and the Philadelphia Stock Exchange selected the M-series for the roll out of their brand new Institutional Regional Optical Network. This new high performance network positions the Exchange to be one of the fastest and most reliable trading venues in the world.
From a channel perspective both VARBusiness and GovernmentVAR magazines recognized Juniper as a "5-Star Partner" for the high quality of Juniper J-partner programs across the commercial and public sectors. From a partner perspective we announced the readiness of a joint voice over Internet protocol (VOIP) solution with Avaya that embeds a media gateway into the telephony-ready Juniper Networks J-series routers for branch office deployments.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 23, 2007 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until May 23, 2007. A replay will be accessible by telephone on April 23, 2007 after 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time through April 30, 2007 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21333911. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
Juniper Networks develops purpose-built, high performance IP platforms that enable customers to support a wide variety of services and applications at scale.  Service providers, enterprises, governments and research and education institutions rely on Juniper to deliver a portfolio of proven networking, security and application acceleration solutions that solve highly complex, fast-changing problems in the world's most demanding networks.  Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Juniper believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The tables above include non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share data, as well as other non-GAAP line items from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described below, and used in the tables above, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to the Company's GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in the Company's financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share data, as well as other non-GAAP measures, to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating our net income and net income per share, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We excluded certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; and (iii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. We believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our businesses. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected on our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of cash ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare cash flows from operations and cash flows from financing activities with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070502165542.txt.gz
TIME:20070502165542
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On April 30, 2007 and May 1, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") amended certain unexercised stock options held by Mr. Robert Sturgeon and Ms. Kim Perdikou, respectively, that had original exercise prices per share that were less than the fair market value per share of the Companys common stock on the options date of grant, as determined by the Company for financial accounting purposes. The amendments increased the exercise price for the unexercised portion of these affected options to the appropriate fair market value per share on the date of grant. The purpose of these amendments is to avoid unfavorable tax consequences for the option holders under United States Internal Revenue Code Section 409A ("Section 409A") which would result upon the vesting of options that have an exercise price that is less than fair market value of the underlying common stock on the options date of grant. All options covered by these amendments were granted to Mr. Sturgeon and Ms. Perdikou prior to the dates upon which they were promoted to their roles as Section 16 executive officers of the Company. In exchange for the executives agreeing to the increase in the exercise price of these options, the Company will make a cash payment to Mr. Sturgeon and Ms. Perdikou in an amount equal to the incremental per share exercise price increase multiplied by the corresponding number of shares subject to the affected options. In order to satisfy the provisions of Section 409A, these payments will be made in January 2008. The form of option amendment agreement entered into by the Company and Mr. Sturgeon is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1 and the form of option amendment agreement entered into by the Company and Ms. Perdikou is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.2.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibit No. and Description 99.1 Form of Option Amendment Agreement between the Company and Robert Sturgeon 99.2 Form of Option Amendment Agreement between the Company and Kim Perdikou
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
By electing to amend your discount options, the outstanding Stock Option Agreements (the "") related to grants number 00001249, T0004463 and T0011136 under the Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") Amended & Restated 1996 Stock Plan (the "") by and between the Company and Robert Sturgeon ("") are hereby amended as follows:
Agreements
Company
Plan
Optionee
Unless otherwise defined herein, initially capitalized terms shall have the same meanings as defined in the Plan.
1. .
Amendments to Exercise Price Per Share
(a) The exercise price of the options, which vest January 1, 2005 or later, to purchase 21,094 shares of Company common stock under grant number 00001249 are hereby increased to $13.18 per share; and
(b) The exercise price of the options, which vest January 1, 2005 or later, to purchase 37,500 shares of Company common stock under grant number T0004463 are hereby increased to $12.96 per share.
(c) The exercise price of the options, which vest January 1, 2005 or later, to purchase 31,667 shares of Company common stock under grant number T0011136 are hereby increased to $7.70 per share
2. . To the extent not expressly amended hereby, the Agreements remain in full force and effect.
Option Agreements
3. . This Amendment of Discount Options and Cash Payment and Election to Amend Discount Options (""), taken together with the Agreements (to the extent not expressly amended hereby), and any duly authorized written or electronic agreement entered into by and between the Company and Optionee relating to the stock option grants evidenced by the Agreements, represent the entire agreement of the parties, supersede any and all previous contracts, arrangements or understandings between the parties with respect to the stock option grants evidenced by the Agreements, and may be amended at any time only by mutual written agreement of the parties hereto.
Entire Agreement
Amendment
In consideration for electing to amend your discount options, Optionee shall receive a cash payment in 2008 for the amount of $306,042.55, less any applicable tax withholdings, paid on or before January 15, 2008. This cash payment is not subject to vesting and is not contingent upon your continued employment with Juniper.
This Amendment must be properly completed and signed by you and delivered to Mitchell Gaynor at Juniper Networks, Inc. 1194 North Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, U.S.A. or via fax at 408-745-8910. A properly completed and signed Amendment is not effective until received by Mitchell Gaynor and signed by an authorized representative of Juniper Networks, Inc.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument is executed and effective as of the date last signed below.

EXHIBIT 99.2
By electing to amend your discount options, the outstanding Stock Option Agreements (the "") related to grants number T0011134 and 00000945 under the Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") Amended & Restated 1996 Stock Plan (the "") by and between the Company and Kim Perdikou ("") are hereby amended as follows:
Agreements
Company
Plan
Optionee
Unless otherwise defined herein, initially capitalized terms shall have the same meanings as defined in the Plan.
1. .
Amendments to Exercise Price Per Share
(a) The exercise price of the options, which vest January 1, 2005 or later, to purchase 26,563 shares of Company common stock under grant number T0011134 are hereby increased to $7.70 per share; and
(b) The exercise price of the options, which vest January 1, 2005 or later, to purchase 12,500 shares of Company common stock under grant number 00000945 are hereby increased to $8.46 per share.
2. . To the extent not expressly amended hereby, the Agreements remain in full force and effect.
Option Agreements
3. . This Amendment of Discount Options and Cash Payment and Election to Amend Discount Options (""), taken together with the Agreements (to the extent not expressly amended hereby), and any duly authorized written or electronic agreement entered into by and between the Company and Optionee relating to the stock option grants evidenced by the Agreements, represent the entire agreement of the parties, supersede any and all previous contracts, arrangements or understandings between the parties with respect to the stock option grants evidenced by the Agreements, and may be amended at any time only by mutual written agreement of the parties hereto.
Entire Agreement
Amendment
In consideration for electing to amend your discount options, Optionee shall receive a cash payment in 2008 for the amount of $61,391.63, less any applicable tax withholdings, paid on or before January 15, 2008. This cash payment is not subject to vesting and is not contingent upon your continued employment with Juniper.
This Amendment must be properly completed and signed by you and delivered to Mitchell Gaynor at Juniper Networks, Inc. 1194 North Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, U.S.A. or via fax at 408-745-8910. A properly completed and signed Amendment is not effective until received by Mitchell Gaynor and signed by an authorized representative of Juniper Networks, Inc.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument is executed and effective as of the date last signed below.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070718160837.txt.gz
TIME:20070718160837
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 18, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include a table presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating income; net income and net income per share. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In ad dition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described below, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that c ontinuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table contained in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We excluded certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) a cquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP inform ation for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held companies; and (v) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events ar e reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these non-cash gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clar ity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our businesses. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results t o our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected on our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the ope ration of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(c) On July 17, 2007, our board of directors (the "Board") designated: (1) Scott Kriens to serve as the Companys interim chief financial officer, and (2) Linda Neyer to serve as the Companys principal accounting officer. Both designations are effective until such time as the Company hires a new chief financial officer. Mr. Kriens, age 49, has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks since October 1996. From April 1986 to January 1996, Mr. Kriens served as Vice President of Sales and Vice President of Operations at StrataCom, Inc., a telecommunications equipment company, which he co-founded in 1986. Mr. Kriens also serves on the boards of directors of Equinix, Inc. and VeriSign, Inc. Ms. Neyer, age 46, has served as the Vice President of Finance of Juniper Networks since November 2004. From August 2001 to November 2004, Ms. Neyer served as Corporate Controller of Juniper Networks. (d) On July 17, 2007, the Board elect ed Michael J. Rose to serve as a Class II director. Pursuant to the terms of our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, on July 17, 2007 Mr. Rose was automatically granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock. The exercise price of the option is the closing market price of our common stock on July 17, 2007. The option will vest and become exercisable as to 1/36th of the covered shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36th vesting on the day prior to the Companys annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant. Mr. Rose will also be entitled to the Companys standard non-employee director compensation arrangements as described in our 2007 proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2007.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on July 18, 2007
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2007.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 18, 2007
Net revenues for the second quarter of 2007 were $664.9 million, compared with $567.5 million for the second quarter of 2006, an increase of 17 percent. Net revenues for the six months ended June 30, 2007 were $1,291.9
million
, compared with $1,134.2
million for the same period last year, an increase of 14 percent.
Net income on a GAAP basis for the second quarter of 2007 was $86.2 million or $0.15 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $1,206.5 million or $2.13 per share for the second quarter of 2006. Non-GAAP net income for the second quarter of 2007 was $116.0 million or $0.20 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $107.0 million or $0.18 per share for the second quarter of 2006. Net income on a GAAP basis for the six months ended June 30, 2007 was $152.8 million or $0.26 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $1,130.7 million, including $1,283.4 million impairment charges, or $2.00 per share for the same period last year. Non-GAAP net income for the six months ended June 30, 2007 was $228.3 million or $0.39 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $221.5 million or $0.37 per share for the same period in 2006. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Product Revenue by Operating Segment table below.
Net cash provided by operations for the second quarter of 2007 were $204.0 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $217.9 million for the second quarter of 2006. Net cash flows from operations for the six months ended June 30, 2007 were $356.6 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $356.5 million for the same period in 2006.
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the second quarter of 2007 were $42.7 million and $24.8 million, respectively. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the first six months of 2007 were $75.1 million and $47.0 million, respectively.
"We are pleased with our progress in the second quarter and first half of 2007, and we also remain fully aware of the ongoing work that lies ahead," said Scott Kriens, Juniper Networks' Chairman and CEO. "As we continue to focus intently on execution across the company, we're optimistic about the feedback we're receiving from customers and the opportunities we see in the marketplace for high-performance networking."
Q2 Highlights:
For service providers, Juniper announced the newest member of the T-series family, the T1600 core router. Capable of delivering an industry-leading 1.6 Tbps of throughput in a single half-rack chassis, the service-aware T1600 core router will ease the transition to next-generation networks and enable service providers to accelerate the deployment of the experience-based services that subscribers expect today with the agility and service control to address future requirements. Fully supported by JUNOS, the T1600 is policy-enabled and managed through the Session Resource Control (SRC) product family to maximize service control and speed the deployment of multiplay applications. And as the industry's most energy efficient core router, the T1600 will consume 30 percent less power and require 30 percent less cooling than competitive platforms to deliver operational excellence and superior investment protection.
High-Performance Network Infrastructure
Juniper also announced the newest member of the market-leading E-series family, the E120 Broadband Services Router. The E120 mirrors the advanced feature set, high-performance and reliability of the E320 in a smaller, highly efficient form factor, enabling service providers to quickly and cost-effectively extend multiplay services to untapped markets served by smaller points of presence. In parallel Juniper announced the successful completion of interoperability and joint solution testing with an initial set of partners of several new advertising technologies that will enable IPTV service providers to, for the first time, gather real-time subscriber viewing statistics and deliver highly-targeted advertisements to pursue significant new revenue opportunities.
For enterprises, Juniper expanded its high-performance network infrastructure with new software releases for the Integrated Security Gateway (ISG) and Secure Services Gateway (SSG) firewall/VPNs and IDP products. For the first time, enterprises will have advanced granular visibility and control of business applications and users, enabling them to set and enforce security policies across the network and enhance application delivery and performance to improve user productivity and keep pace with escalating business requirements.
Juniper also announced two new J-series routers, the J2320 and J2350, two new SSG platforms, the SSG320M and SSG350M, as well as the latest versions of the NetScreen-Security Manager (NSM) Central Manager and NSMnetwork management appliances. With the addition of these new high-performance products, Juniper continues to demonstrate its commitment to providing best-in-class and highly integrated secure networking technologies for branch offices.
Xpress
In addition, Juniper continued to strengthen its industry partnerships, working closely with Microsoft to provide customers and partners with open standards-based interoperability between Juniper Networks Unified Access Control (UAC) and Microsoft Network Access Protection (NAP). Once this work is completed, interoperability between Microsoft's NAP and the Juniper Networks UAC solution will provide enterprises with greater choice, flexibility and investment protection for network access control (NAC) deployments.
In the service provider market, Juniper realized strength in the core where the T-series and TX Matrix continued to gain momentum. The company announced the expansion of China Telecom Shanghai's next generation network with the TX matrix and T640 core routers to support the growth of IPTV and multiplay applications. Japan's National Institute for Informatics (NII), the country's largest and most advanced academic research institution, upgraded its nationwide SINET3 next generation network with Juniper Networks T-series routers to efficiently support high-bandwidth applications and ensure future scalability. In addition, Bayanant Al-oula, a new service provider based in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, selected Juniper Networks M- and T-series routers for the build-out of its new IP/MPLS-based next generation network to enable premium multiplay voice, video and IPTV services for its expanding base of residential and business subscribers.
Fueling High-Performance Businesses
In the enterprise, Juniper high-performance routing, security and application acceleration offerings continued to gain momentum. The Turkish Directorate-General of Security Forces deployed M- and J-series routers to create Pol-Net, an IP/MPLS-based network that will underpin police and security-related communications throughout Turkey. The National University of Singapore (NUS) deployed Juniper SSL VPN appliances to securely deliver online examinations to its students. Cooper-Standard Automotive, a leading manufacturer and OEM supplier to the automobile industry, deployed Juniper Networks SSL VPN appliances to enable secure high-performance global remote access to its corporate intranet from a variety of computer platforms including the newly released Windows Vista operating system. Carlsberg A/S, one of the world's best-known beer brands, deployed Juniper Networks DX data center application acceleration platforms and See's Candies enhanced the performance of their retail website through the deployment of Juniper Networks WX application acceleration platforms.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 18, 2007 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet . To participate via telephone, the dial-in number is 800-263-9153, or 212-676-5370 for international callers. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until September 14, 2007. A replay will be accessible by telephone on July 18, 2007 after 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time through July 25, 2007 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21343325. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, the Juniper Networks logo and NetScreen are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. JUNOS is a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, future product availability and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; increases in competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Prior year periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating income; net income and net income per share. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We excluded certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held companies; and (v) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these non-cash gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our businesses. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected on our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070814163501.txt.gz
TIME:20070814163501
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On August 14, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper" or the "Company") announced that Robyn Denholm has joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer. As Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Denholm will lead the Companys worldwide finance and accounting organization as well as its legal, investor relations and global facilities organizations. As a result of this appointment, Ms. Denholm also replaces Linda Neyer as the Companys principal accounting officer. Ms. Denholm, 43, joins Juniper Networks from Sun Microsystems where she served as senior vice president, Corporate Strategic Planning. In that role, she was responsible for Suns corporate operating system, the global sales and service administration function and she served as the leader of the Sun's business transformation initiative. Ms. Denholm joined Sun in 1996 and served in executive assignments that included senior vice president, Finance; vice president and corporate controller (Chief Accounting Officer); vice president, Finance; service division, director, Shared Financial Services APAC and Controller, Australia/New Zealand. Prior to joining Sun, Ms. Denholm served at Toyota Motor Corporation Australia for seven years and at Arthur Andersen and Company for five years, in various finance assignments. Ms. Denholm is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Australia and holds a Bachelors Degree in Economics from the University of Sydney and a Masters of Commerce from the University of New South Wales. The following is a summary of Ms. Denholms compensation arrangement with the Company: Ms. Denholm will receive an annual base salary of $480,000. Ms. Denholm will also be eligible for incentive compensation as a participant in the Companys 2007 Annual Incentive Plan for its executive officers, the description of which is set forth in Item 5.02 of the Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 12, 2007. Ms. Denholms 2007 target incentive under the plan is 100% of base salary on a pro rated basis through the remainder of 2007, provided, however, that in the event that (i) Ms. Denholm otherwise satisfies conditions for payment under such plan as apply to other participants in the plan and (ii) the amount of payment under the plan is determined to be less than 80% of her targeted prorated amount, then in lieu of payment under such plan Ms. Denholm will be entitled to a bonus of 80% of her 2007 base salary on a prorated basis for the remainder of 2007. Ms. Denholm will be granted a stock option for 250,000 shares effective upon the commencement of her employment. The exercise price of such option will be the closing market price of Juniper common stock on the date of grant. The option will vest as to 25% of the shares on the first anniversary of her employment commencement and the balance will vest in 36 successive monthly installments, provided Ms. Denholm continues to provide services to the Company. In addition, Ms. Denholm will also be granted a restricted stock unit award covering 45,0 00 shares effective upon the commencement of her employment. The restricted stock unit award will vest over three years, with fifty percent of the shares subject to such award vesting two years after the first day of employment and the remaining fifty percent vesting three years after the first day of employment, provided Ms. Denholm continues to provide services to the Company. Ms. Denholm will also be entitled to a one-time hiring bonus of $250,000 which is subject to repayment on a prorated basis if she is terminated with "Cause" or voluntarily terminates her employment without "Good Reason" in the first year of her employment. For purposes of this provision, the definitions of "Cause" and "Good Reason" are as set forth in the paragraph immediately below. Ms. Denholm and the Company will also enter into a severance agreement that provides the following benefits. In the event Ms. Denholm is terminated involuntarily by Juniper without Cause, as defined below, and provided Ms. Denholm executes a fu ll release of claims, promptly following termination, Ms. Denholm will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: (i) an amount equal to six months of base salary; (ii) an amount equal to half of her annual target bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs and (iii) six months of Company-paid health, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage. The severance agreement will also provide that in the event Ms Denholm voluntarily terminates her employment with Juniper within the first two (2) years of employment for Good Reason, as defined below, and provided she executes a full release of claims, promptly following termination, Ms. Denholm shall receive the following severance benefits: (i) an amount equal to six months of base salary, (ii) an amount equal to half of her annual at target bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs, (iii) six months of Company-paid health, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage, (iv) provided no shares have otherwise vested under the above-specified restricted stock unit award according to its terms, acceleration of vesting of such restricted stock units equal to the total number of shares covered by such award, multiplied by the number of full months of service to the Company completed through the date of termination divided by 48, and (v) provided no shares have otherwise vested under the above-specified stock option award according to its terms, acceleration of vesting of such options equal to the total number of shares covered by such award, multiplied by the number of full months of service to the Company completed through the date of termination divided by 48. For purposes of this severance agreement, "Good Reason" is defined as the Companys business operations or financial condition suffering a sustained material adverse effect as a result of any actions taken against the Company or its current officers by any U.S. government agency in connection with the inquiry into the Companys historical stock option pract ices. For purposes of this severance agreement, "Cause" is defined as: (i) willfully engaging in gross misconduct that is demonstrably injurious to Juniper; (ii) willful act or acts of dishonesty or malfeasance undertaken by the individual; (iii) conviction of a felony; or (iv) willful and continued refusal or failure to substantially perform duties with Juniper (other than incapacity due to physical or mental illness); provided that the action or conduct described in clause (iv) above will constitute "Cause" only if such failure continues after the Juniper CEO or Board of Directors has provided the individual with a written demand for substantial performance setting forth in detail the specific respects in which it believes the individual has willfully and not substantially performed the individuals duties thereof and has been provided a reasonable opportunity (to be not less than 30 days) to cure the same. In addition, Ms. Denholm and the Company will enter into an agreement that provides t he following benefits upon a change of control of the Company. Provided she signs a release of claims and complies with certain post termination non-solicitation and non-competition obligations, Ms. Denholm will receive change in control severance benefits if either: (i) she is terminated without Cause within 12 months following the change of control, or (ii) between 4 and 12 months following a change of control she terminates her employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) for "Good Reason." The change in control severance benefits consist of: (i) a cash payment equal to her annual base salary plus her target bonus for the fiscal year in which the change of control or her termination occurs, whichever is greater, (ii) acceleration of vesting of all of her then unvested outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and other Company equity compensation awards and (iii) one year of Company-paid health, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage. For purposes of this change of control agreement, "Good Reason" means any of the following actions taken without Ms. Denholms express written consent: (i) a material reduction of her duties, title, authority or responsibilities, relative to her duties, title, authority or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; provided, however, that a reduction in duties, title, authority or responsibilities solely by virtue of the Company being acquired and made part of a larger entity (as, for example, when the Chief Financial Officer of the Company remains the Chief Financial Officer of the subsidiary or business unit substantially containing the Companys business following a change of control) shall not by itself constitute grounds for "Good Reason"; (ii) a substantial reduction of the facilities and perquisites (including office space and location) available to Ms. Denholm immediately prior to such reduction; (iii) a reduction by the Company in the base compensation or total tar get cash compensation as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iv) a material reduction by the Company in the kind or level of benefits to which Ms. Denholm was entitled immediately prior to such reduction with the result that her overall benefits package is significantly reduced; (v) the relocation of Ms. Denholm to a facility or a location more than forty (40) miles from her then-present location. For purposes of this change of control agreement, "Cause" means (i) an act of personal dishonesty taken by Ms. Denholm in connection with her responsibilities as an employee and intended to result in substantial personal enrichment, (ii) Ms. Denholm being convicted of, or pleading nolo contendere to a felony, (iii) a willful act by Ms. Denholm which constitutes gross misconduct and which is injurious to the Company, (iv) following delivery to Ms. Denholm of a written demand for performance from the Company which describes the basis for the Companys reasonable belief that she has not substantial ly performed her duties, continued violations by Ms. Denholm of her obligations to the Company which are demonstrably willful and deliberate.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20070828145526.txt.gz
TIME:20070828145526
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On August 28, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") announced that the Commissioners of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") have authorized the final settlement between the Company and the SEC regarding the previously-disclosed SEC inquiry into the Companys historical stock option granting practices. Without admitting or denying the allegations in the SECs complaint, the Company has agreed to settle the charges by consenting to a permanent injunction against any future violations of the antifraud, reporting, books-and-records and internal control provisions of the federal securities laws. No monetary penalties were assessed against the Company in conjunction with the settlement. This settlement concludes the SECs formal investigation of this matter with respect to the Company.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20071023160823.txt.gz
TIME:20071023160823
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 23, 2007, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 ro this report include a table presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating income; net interest and other income; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income and net income per share. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods , and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational perfo rmance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased int angible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held companies; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Rest ructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensatio n expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded b y. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us f or such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net incom e per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on October 23, 2007
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
Media Relations:
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
SUNNYVALE, Calif., October 23, 2007
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2007.
Net revenues for the third quarter of 2007 were $735.0 million, compared with $573.6 million for the third quarter of 2006, an increase of 28 percent. Net revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 were $2,026.9 million, compared with $1,707.8 million for the same period last year, an increase of 19 percent.
Net income on a GAAP basis for the third quarter of 2007 was $85.1 million or $0.15 per share, compared with a GAAP net income of $58.3 million or $0.10 per share for the third quarter of 2006. Non-GAAP net income for the third quarter of 2007 was $124.5 million or $0.22 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $106.2 million or $0.18 per share for the third quarter of 2006. Net income on a GAAP basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 was $237.9 million or $0.41 per share, compared with a GAAP net loss of $1,072.4 million, including $1,283.4 million of impairment charges, or $1.89 per share for the same period last year. Non-GAAP net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 was $352.8 million or $0.61 per share, compared with non-GAAP net income of $327.7 million or $0.55 per share for the same period in 2006. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Product Revenue by Operating Segment table below.
"We are pleased with both the results for the quarter and the momentum we are seeing, which reflect confidence in Juniper to address the high-performance networking requirements of our customers," said Scott Kriens, Juniper Networks' Chairman and CEO. "Our strategy and focus on the delivery of high-performance networking, coupled with the ongoing implementation of operational discipline across the company, adds up to continuing opportunity for growth."
Net cash provided by operations for the third quarter of 2007 were $193.2 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $164.9 million for the same quarter of 2006. Net cash flows from operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2007 were $549.9 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $521.4 million for the same period in 2006.
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the third quarter of 2007 were $35.9 million and $26.5 million, respectively. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the first nine months of 2007 were $111.0 million and $73.4 million, respectively.
"Our focus on execution has resulted in ongoing improvement in the company's operating metrics," said Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial Officer of Juniper Networks. "While there is much work ahead to be done, we expect our commitment to operational excellence and strong financial management will position us well to achieve our long-term business model goals."
Q3 Highlights:
For Service Providers, Juniper announced the expansion of its MX product family, with the addition of the MX240 and MX480, designed to enable providers to more efficiently and cost-effectively deploy Ethernet networks and services. The breakthrough performance and scale and simple deployment and management of the MX family places Juniper in a good position to capitalize on the Carrier Ethernet market that is expected to nearly double in size from $3.7B in 2007 to $6.8B in 2011 according to IDC.
High-Performance Network Infrastructure
Juniper also announced a suite of new Dense Port Concentrator (DPC) cards that maximize MX-series system flexibility, enabling providers to drive new sources of revenue while reducing cost and complexity. Juniper is also delivering three new processor cards for the high-performance M320 multiservice edge router. These new FPC-E3s take advantage of Juniper's new I-chip ASIC development that increases system performance, scalability and provides additional QoS capabilities.
For enterprises, Juniper announced software enhancements to the Secure Access (SA) SSL VPN appliances. These appliances now offer support for a broader array of applications and platforms, enhanced granular access control, and flexible policy enforcement capabilities to meet the requirements of high-performance businesses. Through these enhancements, Juniper is providing customers with a single, open platform for secure remote access that delivers enterprise-class scalability, simplified usability and ongoing investment protection.
In the quarter Juniper appointed Robyn Denholm from Sun Microsystems to the role of chief financial officer; Mark Bauhaus, who also had a distinguished career at Sun, to the role of executive vice president and general manager of the Service Layer Technology Business Group; Penny Wilson, formerly of Macromedia, to the role of chief marketing officer; and Haley Tabor formerly from Computer Associates to the role of vice president, U.S. Enterprise sales.
Company Initiatives
Juniper announced its sponsorship and continued participation in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) fifth report, as part of its overall corporate social responsibility efforts. Juniper inventoried and measured its carbon footprint, identifying both efficiencies and opportunities for reduction and future focus.
In the service provider market, Juniper announced that BELNET and Juniper's partner Telindus, part of the Belgacom Group, will help build BELNET's next-generation research network based upon Juniper Networks T1600 Core Routers and M-series multiservice edge routers. iAdvantage, a leading IT Infrastructure Provider (IIP) in Asia, has bolstered the performance and reliability of its network by deploying M-series multiservice routers and HiWAAY Internet Services, one of the largest privately held ISPs in the southeastern U.S., has deployed Juniper Networks M-series multiservice routers and J-series services routers to increase the capacity and extend the reach of its network. And PEER 1, a leading IT infrastructure provider to startups and small and medium-sized enterprises, will deliver highly scalable hosting solutions with the addition of Juniper Networks Secure Services Gateways (SSGs) as they scale to meet the demands of the largest enterprises.
Fueling High-Performance Businesses
In the enterprise market, Juniper announced that Roland Corporation, a Japanese-based manufacturer of musical instruments, has deployed Juniper Networks' Secure Services Gateway (SSG) purpose-built security appliances to underpin its high-performance global WAN connecting domestic offices with over 20 overseas branches. San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) District deployed the Juniper Networks DX load balancing and application acceleration platforms to speed up response times for employees using its Oracle applications and Sharekhan, one of India's top five securities trading firms, boosted the responsiveness, security and scale of its stock-trading website with Juniper Networks DX 3280 load balancing and application acceleration platforms. Banco del Bajo, a leading Mexican financial institution, has chosen a comprehensive security and remote access solution from Juniper Networks to secure its network from threats and provide branch office connectivity and IGDAS, Istanbul's leading natural gas distribution company, upgraded its Wide Area Network (WAN) infrastructure with Juniper Networks J and M-series routers between its branch offices in support of a 24x7 operation to supply gas to its three million subscribers. Finally, JS Investments Ltd.(formerly JS ABAMCO), one of Pakistan's largest private asset base management companies, deployed a new high-performance IP/MPLS network infrastructure based upon Juniper's routing, security and application acceleration solutions.
In the public sector market, Juniper announced that France's Ministry of Labor, Social Affairs and Solidarity has deployed its Secure Access SSL VPN solution to manage and control remote access to government data and applications, helping to reduce ongoing costs and eliminate significant IT inefficiencies.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 23, 2007 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, the dial-in number is 800-263-9153, or 212-676-5370 for international callers. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until December 14, 2007. A replay will be accessible by telephone on October 23, 2007 after 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time through October 30, 2007 by dialing 800-633-8284 (or 402-977-9140), reservation number, 21343325. The replays will be available 24 hours/day, including weekends.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, future product availability and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; availability and cost of key parts and supplies; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of our products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting our products, services or industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in our most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Prior year periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net interest and other income.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating income; net interest and other income, income before income taxes, provision for income taxes, income tax rate, net income and net income per share. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held companies; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20071119160347.txt.gz
TIME:20071119160347
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(d) On November 14, 2007, our Board of Directors elected Mary B. Cranston to serve as a Class III director. Pursuant to the terms of our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, on November 14, 2007 Ms. Cranston was automatically granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock. The exercise price of the option is the closing market price of our common stock on November 14, 2007. The option will vest and become exercisable as to 1/36th of the covered shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36th vesting on the day prior to our annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant. Ms. Cranston will also be entitled to the standard non-employee director compensation arrangements as described in our 2007 proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 16, 2007. Ms. Cranston was also appointed to serve on our Board's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
(a) On November 13, 2007, our Board of Directors voted to amend our Bylaws as follows: -- Section 3.2 was amended to increase the size of the Board of Directors from nine members to ten members. This amendment was effective on November 14, 2007. -- Sections 8.4 and 8.10 were amended, effective immediately, to clarify that the rights and actions described therein are also applicable to uncertificated shares of our stock. The foregoing description of the amendments to our Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer.
Prior to such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, a special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by one or more stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding voting shares.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES AND STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS
To be properly brought before an annual meeting or special meeting, nominations for the election of director or other business must be (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the board of directors, (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder. For such nominations or other business to be considered properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely written notice and in proper form of his intent to bring such business before such meeting. To be timely, such stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the secretary of the Corporation not less than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date of the Corporation's proxy statement released to stockholders in connection with the Corporation's previous year's annual meeting of stockholders. To be in proper form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary shall set forth:
(i) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nominations, propose the business, and, as the case may be, the name and address of the person or persons to be nominated or the nature of the business to be proposed;
(ii) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and, if applicable, intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice or introduce the business specified in the notice;
(iii) if applicable, a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the stockholder;
(iv) such other information regarding each nominee or each matter of business to be proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission had the nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated, or the matter been proposed, or intended to be proposed by the board of directors; and
(v) if applicable, the consent of each nominee to serve as director of the Corporation if so elected.
The chairman of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person or the proposal of any business not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be ten (10). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
At such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
The Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080108160610.txt.gz
TIME:20080108160610
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On January 7, 2008, Kenneth Goldman resigned from the board of directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"). Mr. Goldman's decision to resign was due to his appointment in 2007 as an executive officer of a competitor of the Company, and was not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080110171501.txt.gz
TIME:20080110171501
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On January 9, 2008, Stephen Elop resigned as the Chief Operating Officer of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"). Mr. Elop's decision to resign was due to his acceptance of an executive officer position with Microsoft Corporation, and was not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080124163738.txt.gz
TIME:20080124163738
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 24, 2008, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include a table presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income (loss); operating margin; net interest and other income; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income (loss) ; net income (loss) per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overal l performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in a ccordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We exclude cer tain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensati on charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held companies; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non- GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they ar e incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $ 10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on January 24, 2008
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Media Relations:
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
SUNNYVALE, Calif., January 24, 2008
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported its results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2007.
Net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2007 were $809.2 million, compared with $595.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2006, an increase of 36 percent. Net revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2007 were $2,836.1 million, compared with $2,303.6 million for the 2006 fiscal year, an increase of 23 percent.
Net income on a GAAP basis for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $122.9 million or $0.22 per share on a diluted basis, compared with a GAAP net income of $71.0 million or $0.12 per share for the fourth quarter of 2006. Non-GAAP net income for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $151.5 million or $0.27 per share on a diluted basis, compared with non-GAAP net income of $112.6 million or $0.19 per share for the fourth quarter of 2006. Net income on a GAAP basis for the twelve months ended December 31, 2007 was $360.8 million or $0.62 per share on a diluted basis, compared with a GAAP net loss of $1,001.4 million, including $1,283.4 million of impairment charges, or $1.76 per share for the 2006 fiscal year. Non-GAAP net income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2007 was $504.3 million or $0.87 per share on a diluted basis, compared with non-GAAP net income of $440.4 million or $0.73 per share for the 2006 fiscal year. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Product Revenue by Operating Segment table below.
"2007 was a strong year for Juniper Networks", said Scott Kriens, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Juniper Networks, Inc. "Our people and products delivered a clear competitive advantage to our customers in the high-performance networking market, and our results speak for themselves. We look forward to 2008 as another high-performance year, where we believe the intensity of our focus and execution will produce accelerating growth and leverage across our business."
Net cash provided by operations for the fourth quarter of 2007 were $247.7 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $234.2 million for the same quarter of 2006. Net cash flows from operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2007 were $797.6 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $755.6 million for the 2006 fiscal year.
Capital expenditures and depreciation during the fourth quarter of 2007 were $35.9 million and $28.4 million, respectively. Capital expenditures and depreciation during the twelve months of 2007 were $146.9 million and $101.8 million, respectively.
"Juniper's key operating metrics were all in line or ahead of expectations in the December quarter," said Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial Officer, Juniper Networks, Inc. "Strong revenue growth, good improvements in operating margin and record cash flow from operations were the highlights of the quarter. Our achievement of profitability in our SLT product group is also a key milestone for the company. We are on the right track and believe these results demonstrate our continuing commitment to financial and operational discipline."
Q4 Highlights:
For the service provider market, Juniper announced the Partner Solution Development Platform (PSDP) that enables customers and partners to develop specialized applications on its best-in-class JUNOS software. The PSDP offers a powerful set of resources, including a software development kit (SDK) with intelligent and secure interfaces to JUNOS routing and service functions. These tools provide customers and partners with greater choice and control in designing, developing and deploying specialized applications that provide unique advantages to their businesses.
For the enterprise, Juniper continued to execute on its strategy to provide enterprises with advanced, coordinated visibility and control of applications and users across the extended enterprise with its announcement of Unified Access Control (UAC) 2.1. This solution advances the ability to deliver the access control, visibility and monitoring of applications and users needed to help address compliance requirements and mitigate exposure to risks and threats. Juniper also announced software enhancements for the WX and WXC application acceleration platforms that fortify application security without compromising performance.
2007 Highlights
Throughout the year, Juniper focused on advancing the fundamentals and economics of high-performance networking, delivering the fast, reliable secure network infrastructure high-performance businesses can rely on to accelerate the roll out of new applications and services to create value, differentiate themselves and accelerate growth.
For service providers, Juniper continued to execute on its vision for service-aware Next-Generation Networks (NGN). Juniper announced a new Session and Resource Control (SRC) solution that enables providers to allocate NGN resources in response to real-time requests from applications and users. Another key milestone for the company was the introduction of the T1600. Building on more than a decade of core routing experience, this next-generation core router extended the leadership of the T640, delivering unparalleled scalability and service richness. The T1600 also provides superior investment protection, enabling customers to upgrade currently installed T640 routers, in as little as 90 minutes, without service interruption. Juniper announced expansion of the MX-series of Ethernet Services Routers with the additions of the MX480 and MX240, offering providers' performance at scale, superior quality of service (QoS) and enhanced service flexibility previously unattainable in Ethernet deployments. The PSDP provided the latest proof point of Juniper's ability to extend the value of JUNOS and offer partners and customers new market-changing infrastructure solutions.
For the enterprise market, Juniper continued to focus on its proven, no compromise systems-based approach to delivering a high-performance network infrastructure with security at scale. Juniper was the first to provide advanced granular user and application visibility and control across the network within its integrated security and routing platforms (ISG and SSG). Juniper rolled out new branch networking offerings, expanding the J-series and SSG family to accelerate the secure delivery of business critical applications to branch offices. Juniper expanded its valued partnership with Microsoft to protect networks against downtime and loss by offering customers and partners open, standards-based interoperability between Juniper's Unified Access Control (UAC) and Microsoft's Network Access Protection (NAP). Together, the companies provide enterprises with greater choice, flexibility and investment protection for Network Access Control (NAC) deployments. The UAC 2.1 enhancements further streamline policy enforcement and mitigate risk to ensure information technology security initiatives deliver business value.
Fueling High-Performance Businesses
In the service provider market, the MX family continued to gain momentum, with customers such as Elion, a leading voice, Internet and data provider in Estonia, and Neo Telecoms, a leading French IP services operator, announcing their selection of the MX960 for their next-generation core and backbone networks, respectively. The T-series continued to be integral to many customers' core upgrades. Verizon Business announced its intent to quadruple the standard speed of its backbone network connecting major US cities, using the T-series to deploy one of the first router-to-router 40Gbps (OC-768) circuits carrying live traffic. Chunghwa Telecom, Taiwan's leading service provider, is building a unified IP core network to underpin its fixed-mobile convergence (FMC) strategy with Juniper's T-series; Turk Telekom, Turkey's incumbent telecoms operator, deployed Juniper's T-series routers to upgrade network capacity and accelerate the introduction of new revenue-generating services; and Telefonica has upgraded its next-generation core IP network in Brazil by deploying Juniper's T-series.
In the enterprise market, integrated routing and security solutions continued to gain traction. O'Neill, one of the world's leading youth lifestyle and surfing brands is deploying Juniper's Secure Services Gateway (SSG), along with NetScreen Security-Manager (NSM) to secure its growing network of retail branch offices across Europe. Japan's University of Tsukuba, Dexia, a European banking group and a leader in financing services for the public sector, and Inner Mongolia Power all announced they will protect their network infrastructure with Juniper's Integrated Security Gateway (ISG). Juniper also gained leverage from its service provider customers into the enterprise market in the form of managed services. A clear example of this was Verizon Business, who selected Juniper's WXC platform as the technology to fuel their new Managed WAN Optimization Service.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 24, 2008 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, the dial-in number is 303-223-0112. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until March 14, 2008.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, NetScreen and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. JUNOS is a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, future product availability and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Prior year periods have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net interest and other income.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income (loss); operating margin; net interest and other income; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income (loss); net income (loss) per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held companies; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080228162852.txt.gz
TIME:20080228162852
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On February 26, 2008, in connection with a regularly scheduled meeting to determine nominees for election to the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") at the 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Mr. William Hearst indicated that he would step down from the Board at the expiration of his current term and that he did not wish to be nominated for re-election. Mr. Hearsts decision was not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices. (e) On February 26, 2008, the Compensation Committee of the Board adopted certain compensatory plans and arrangements for the Company's executive officers for the 2008 fiscal year. A description of the terms and conditions of the plans and arrangements adopted by the Compensation Committee is set forth on Exhibit 99.1 hereto, which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Description of Compensatory Plans and Arrangements Adopted on February 26, 2008
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
On February 26, 2008, the Compensation Committee of the Board adopted the 2008 Annual Incentive Plan for the Company's executive officers. Each executive officer has an incentive target specified for that individual which is expressed as a percentage of base salary, ranging between 150% and 75%. Under the 2008 Annual Incentive Plan, each participant receives an annual incentive bonus based on achievement of specified objectives during the year. The incentive is based 50% on the Company's revenue results, 30% on the Company's operating income results and 20% on achievement of other specified strategic goals. However, in the case of a general manager of a business group, such as the Company's Infrastructure Products Group or Service Layer Technology Business Group, the revenue and operating income factors are based half on achievement of the Company's revenue and operating income targets and half on achievement of the applicable business group's revenue and operating income targets. The incentive amounts paid after the end of the year will depend on the level of achievement and range between zero and 200% of the target incentive. For example, no payment is earned for the revenue component or operating income component if less than 80% of the respective objective is achieved. At 80% of the objective, 30% of the applicable component is earned; achievement of 100% of the objective results in 100% of the component earned; and if 120% of the objective is achieved, 200% of that component is earned. Target incentive percentages for the Company's named executive officers (including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer) were not changed compared to 2007 and continue at previously disclosed levels. As part of its 2008 executive compensation review and actions, the Compensation Committee also established new base salaries for Scott Kriens and Pradeep Sindhu of $700,000 and $396,750, respectively.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080306120317.txt.gz
TIME:20080306120317
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On March 6, 2008, Juniper Networks issued a press release announcing the adoption of a new common stock repurchase program of up to $1 billion. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on March 6, 2008
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Bela
Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
Juniper Networks Announces New Common Stock Repurchase Program of up to $1 Billion
SUNNYVALE, Calif., March 6, 2008- Juniper Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: JNPR) announced today that its board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program which enables the Company to purchase up to $1 billion of the company's common stock. In conjunction with this new authorization, the Company will initiate an on-going, share maintenance plan designed to offset dilution from the issuance of shares related to its employee stock plans.
This new program is in addition to the $2 billion stock repurchase program approved in 2006 and 2007. To date, the Company has repurchased approximately $1.7 billion of its stock under the $2 billion authorized in 2006 and 2007.
Share repurchases under Juniper's stock repurchase programs will be subject to a review of the circumstances in place at the time and will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The program may be discontinued at any time.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.
This press release contains forward-looking statements about Juniper's common stock repurchase program, including the maximum amounts that may be purchased under the program. The statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the Company's control and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, changes in the market price of Juniper's common stock and changes in Juniper's financial results, financial condition and cash requirements. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080424161055.txt.gz
TIME:20080424161055
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 24, 2008, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include a table presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net interest and other income; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We util ize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides s uch readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table in our press release corres pond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurr ed by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held c ompanies; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operation s. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensatio n. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with a n award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements t o compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on April 24, 2008
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804 kbela@juniper.net
Investor Relations:
Media Relations:
JUNIPER NETWORKS REPORTS FIRST QUARTER 2008 FINANCIAL RESULTS
SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 24, 2008
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2008 that included strong revenue and profit growth and improved operating profit margins.
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2008 rose 31 percent on a year-over-year basis to $822.9 million. The Company posted GAAP net income of $110.4 million or $0.20 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $149.5 million or $0.27 per diluted share. The non-GAAP EPS figure represents an increase of 44% from the $0.19 per diluted share reported for the first quarter of 2007. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Reportable Segment table below.
"The strength of our first quarter results continue to underscore the value of Juniper's commitment to high-performance networking," said Scott Kriens, chairman and chief executive officer, Juniper Networks, Inc. "Across our markets and around the world, we are seeing clear opportunity to extend our lead through an optimal combination of Juniper size, speed, focus and execution, which translates directly into strategic advantage for our customers."
Juniper's operating margin rose to 17.3% on a GAAP basis from 9.6% in the same quarter a year-ago. Non-GAAP operating margin rose to 23.5% from 19.6% in the first quarter of 2007. The improvement reflected strength in gross profit margins owing to a favorable mix of infrastructure products, particularly in the Company's T and M series products, as well as reduced operating expense as a percentage of net revenues due to the Company's efforts to manage expenses and improve efficiency.
The improved operating margins helped Juniper generate net cash from operations for the first quarter of 2008 of $254.9 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $151.5 million for the same quarter of 2007.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the first quarter of 2008 were $33.4 million and $55.4 million, respectively.
"I'm pleased with this strong start to 2008," stated Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer, Juniper Networks, Inc. "Our March quarter results reflect our focus on building operating leverage into our business model. Our operational excellence programs (4 P's) to optimize our business are well underway and we will continue implementing our plans in the coming quarters."
Q1 Highlights
High-Performance Network Infrastructure
Juniper reaffirmed its commitment to delivering innovative, high-performance network infrastructure solutions to the enterprise market with the introduction and first shipments of the EX-series, a family of Ethernet switches. Leveraging the operational simplicity and carrier-class reliability of JUNOS software, the EX-series alleviates the cost, complexity and risk associated with managing legacy switch infrastructures, and accelerates the deployment of business-enabling applications and services across the network. Juniper also announced the integration of services, including firewall, VPN and chassis clustering into JUNOS software for implementation on the J-series services router to enhance the security and reduce the complexity of small office and branch networks. Following the end of Q1'08, Juniper extended its security offerings with the introduction of a series of next-generation SSL VPN appliances designed to ensure fast, reliable and secure remote access to applications and services for the most complex and demanding secure environments; new Intrusion Detection and Prevention (IDP) appliances that scale up to 10 Gbps, which represents the industry's highest real-world throughput, performance and density combination; and in the first quarter Juniper also introduced the Security Threat Response Manager (STRM), capable of providing businesses with a centralized scalable and effective way to log and manage a rapidly evolving threat landscape, while sustaining adherence to compliance mandates.
For the service provider market, Juniper introduced an advanced mobile IP/MPLS solution portfolio with the new BX 7000 multi-access gateway router for the cell site, a new M-series circuit emulation and physical interface cards for the aggregation site and a suite of software features designed to simplify deployment, provisioning and management of mobile backhaul networks. This advanced solution will enable mobile operators to preserve their current investments and services, while accelerating the roll-out of new user-centric services. Juniper also introduced the JCS 1200, the industry's first high-performance control plane scaling platform. The independent scale of control and forwarding plane resources will help carriers to maximize service growth, operational efficiencies and control. When deployed in conjunction with the T1600 router, the JCS 1200 can create hardware-virtualized routers, delivering as much as three times the forwarding capacity of competitive systems, while using 25 percent less rack space. This unique architecture enables service providers to rapidly expand their service offerings and helps to reduce capital and operating expenditures.
Fueling High-Performance Businesses
In the service provider market, Juniper completed its first full quarter of shipping the T1600 multi-terabit core router, and exiting the quarter had booked orders for more than 105 units and shipped more than 77 units to customers for deployment in production networks around the world. T-series customer deployments in the quarter included Tiscali International Network, the wholesale carrier division of the Tiscali Group, and HiNet, a wholly owned subsidiary of Chunghwa Telecom in Taiwan. Global adoption of the MX-series, Juniper's carrier Ethernet services router family, continued through the quarter with deployment announcements from PeterStar, a leading Russian telecommunications provider, SpectrumNet, a leading Bulgarian telecommunications provider, nLayer, a leading North American provider of Internet connectivity and wholesale bandwidth and Carphone Warehouse, one of the largest independent service providers in the U.K.
In the enterprise market, Juniper continues to build momentum and deliver the networking solutions high-performance businesses need to reduce operational complexity and costs, accelerate the roll-out of business critical applications and services, and differentiate themselves in the market. Secure access to applications continues to be a focus, with customers, including Bankdata, a leading financial services provider in Denmark, which is deploying Juniper SSL VPN solutions to grant secure access to network resources. In the public sector, Juniper participated in the National "Cyber Storm II" exercise sponsored by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, which aimed to examine the processes, procedures, tools and organizational responses required to successfully defend against a multi-sector coordinated attack on the global cyber infrastructure, or respond to a natural disaster.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 24, 2008 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
To participate via telephone, the dial-in number is 212-231-2939. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until June 13, 2008.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, NetScreen and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. JUNOS is a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, future product availability, future product performance and overall future prospects are forward looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net interest and other income.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net interest and other income; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investment in privately held companies; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments in privately held companies is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080512164601.txt.gz
TIME:20080512164601
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
(a) On May 8, 2008, the Juniper Networks Board of Directors approved an amendment to Section 3.2 of the company's Bylaws to decrease the size of the Board of Directors from ten members to eight members. The amendment will be effective immediately prior to the company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 21, 2008. A copy of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc. effective as of May 21, 2008 is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer.
Prior to such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, a special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by one or more stockholders holding a majority of the outstanding voting shares.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER NOMINEES AND STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS
To be properly brought before an annual meeting or special meeting, nominations for the election of director or other business must be (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the board of directors, (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder. For such nominations or other business to be considered properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely written notice and in proper form of his intent to bring such business before such meeting. To be timely, such stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the secretary of the Corporation not less than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date of the Corporation's proxy statement released to stockholders in connection with the Corporation's previous year's annual meeting of stockholders. To be in proper form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary shall set forth:
(i) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nominations, propose the business, and, as the case may be, the name and address of the person or persons to be nominated or the nature of the business to be proposed;
(ii) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and, if applicable, intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice or introduce the business specified in the notice;
(iii) if applicable, a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the stockholder;
(iv) such other information regarding each nominee or each matter of business to be proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission had the nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated, or the matter been proposed, or intended to be proposed by the board of directors; and
(v) if applicable, the consent of each nominee to serve as director of the Corporation if so elected.
The chairman of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person or the proposal of any business not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be eight (8). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
At such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
The Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080514172734.txt.gz
TIME:20080514172734
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On May 13, 2008, Edward Minshull, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"), informed Company management that he plans to leave the Company and terminate his full-time employment as of September 30, 2008. Mr. Minshulls decision to leave is not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices. (e) In connection with such departure, the Companys Compensation Committee approved a performance-based incentive arrangement for Mr. Minshull during the period prior to the cessation of his employment. Under this arrangement, if Mr. Minshull achieves certain targets related to the Companys operating metrics, then: (1) the shares subject to stock option awards held by Mr. Minshull that are scheduled to vest from October 1, 2008 through January 31, 2009 will become vested and exercisable; and (2) the shares subject to the restricted stock unit awards granted to Mr. M inshull on January 4, 2007 and February 27, 2007 that are scheduled to vest in February 2009 will become vested.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080619163012.txt.gz
TIME:20080619163012
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
(e) On June 13, 2008, Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), adopted the Juniper Networks, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Plan"). The Plan is an unfunded deferred compensation plan intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Pursuant to the Plan, the Company provides certain eligible employees the opportunity to enter into agreements for the deferral of a specified percentage of their cash compensation derived from base salary, commissions and certain incentive/bonus awards. The amount of compensation to be deferred by each participating eligible employee (individually, a "Participant" and collectively, the "Participants") is determined in accordance with the Plan based on elections by each Participant. Each payment obligation for distribution of the deferred compensation (the "Obligation") is payable on a date or dates selected by each Participant at the time of enrollment but subject to change in certain specified circumstances. Each Participant's account pursuant to the Plan will be adjusted to reflect the positive or negative investment result of their selected investment options.
Except pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, a Participant's right or the right of any other person to the Obligations is not assignable by voluntary or involuntary assignment or by operation of law (except the right to designate a beneficiary to receive death benefits provided under the Plan), provided, however, that the Obligations are not secured and are subject to the claims of the Company's creditors. The Obligations are not subject to redemption, in whole or in part, prior to the distribution dates specified by each Participant, other than withdrawals made in the event of a Participant's Unforeseeable Emergency, as defined in the Plan. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate the Plan at any time; provided, however, that no such action shall reduce a Participant's account under the Plan without the Participant's written consent.
This summary of the terms of the Plan is not intended to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Plan, which is filed hereto as Exhibit 10.1.
(d)
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

EXHIBIT 10.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Plan Sponsor has caused this Adoption Agreement to be executed this 13th day of June, 2008.
 
This document has not been approved by the Department of Labor, Internal Revenue Service or any other governmental entity. An adopting Employer must determine whether the Plan is subject to the Federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states. An adopting Employer may not rely on this document to ensure any particular tax consequences or to ensure that the Plan is "unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation to a select group of management or highly compensated employees" under Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, with respect to the Employer's particular situation. Fidelity Employer Services Company, its affiliates and employees cannot provide you with legal advice in connection with the execution of this document. This document should be reviewed by the Employer's attorney prior to execution.
January 2008
 
 
 
 
The Plan is intended to be a "plan which is unfunded and is maintained by an employer primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees" within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or an "excess benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(36) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or a combination of both. The Plan is further intended to conform with the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 409A and the final regulations issued thereunder and shall be interpreted, implemented and administered in a manner consistent therewith.
 
 
Pronouns used in the Plan are in the masculine gender but include the feminine gender unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. Wherever used herein, the following terms have the meanings set forth below, unless a different meaning is clearly required by the context:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) If the Plan Sponsor has elected to permit annual distribution elections in accordance with Section 6.01(h) of the Adoption Agreement the following rules apply. At the time an Eligible Employee or Director completes a deferral agreement, the Eligible Employee or Director must elect a distribution event (which includes a specified time) and a form of payment for the Compensation subject to the deferral agreement from among the options the Plan Sponsor has made available for this purpose and which are specified in 6.01(b) of the Adoption Agreement. Prior to the time required by Reg. Sec. 1.409A-2, the Eligible Employee or Director shall elect a distribution event (which includes a specified time) and a form of payment for any Employer contributions that may be credited to the Participant's Account during the Plan Year. If an Eligible Employee or Director fails to elect a distribution event, he shall be deemed to have elected Separation from Service as the distribution event. If he fails to elect a form of payment, he shall be deemed to have elected a lump sum form of payment.
 
(b) If the Plan Sponsor has elected not to permit annual distribution elections in accordance with Section 6.01(h) of the Adoption Agreement the following rules apply. At the time an Eligible Employee or Director first completes a deferral agreement but in no event later than the time required by Reg. Sec. 1.409A-2, the Eligible Employee or Director must elect a distribution event (which includes a specified time) and a form of payment for amounts credited to his Account from among the options the Plan Sponsor has made available for this purpose and which are specified in Section 6.01(b) of the Adoption Agreement. If an Eligible Employee or Director fails to elect a distribution event, he shall be deemed to have elected Separation from Service in the distribution event. If the fails to elect a form of payment, he shall be deemed to have elected a lump sum form of payment.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) The right to indemnification provided in this Section shall include the right to have the expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in defending any Proceeding paid by the Employer in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding, to the fullest extent permitted by the law of the jurisdiction in which the Employer is incorporated; provided that, if such law requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by the Indemnitee in advance of the final disposition of a Proceeding shall be made only on delivery to the Employer of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the Indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced without interest if it shall ultimately be determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section or otherwise.
(c) Indemnification pursuant to this Section shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be such and shall inure to the benefit of his heirs, executors, and administrators. The Employer agrees that the undertakings made in this Section shall be binding on its successors or assigns and shall survive the termination, amendment or restatement of the Plan.
 
(d) The foregoing right to indemnification shall be in addition to such other rights as the Indemnitee may enjoy as a matter of law or by reason of insurance coverage of any kind and is in addition to and not in lieu of any rights to indemnification to which the Indemnitee may be entitled pursuant to the by-laws of the Employer.
(e) For the purposes of this Section, the following definitions shall apply:
(1) "Indemnitee" shall mean each person serving as an Administrator (or any other person who is an employee, director, or officer of the Employer) who was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is otherwise involved in, any Proceeding, by reason of the fact that he is or was performing administrative functions under the Plan.
(2) "Proceeding" shall mean any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding (including, without limitation, an action, suit, or proceeding by or in the right of the Employer), whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative, or through arbitration.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080724161815.txt.gz
TIME:20080724161815
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 24, 2008, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include a table presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; opera ting margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statemen ts provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table in our press r elease correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise hav e been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investments; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately re flect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensatio n Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of s tock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with peri ods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on July 24, 2008
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
JUNIPER NETWORKS REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2008 FINANCIAL RESULTS
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 24, 2008
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported financial results for the three months ended June 30, 2008, that included strong revenue and profit growth and improved operating profit margins.
Net revenues for the second quarter of 2008 rose 32 percent on a year-over-year basis to $879.0 million. The Company posted GAAP net income of $120.4 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $156.6 million, or $0.28 per diluted share. The non-GAAP EPS figure represents an increase of 40 percent from the $0.20 per diluted share reported for the second quarter of 2007. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Reportable Segment table below.
"We're very pleased with the solid results we have delivered for the first half of 2008," stated Scott Kriens, chairman and chief executive officer, Juniper Networks, Inc. "This is a testament to the strength of our product cycles, the power of our portfolio strategy and the expanded opportunities made possible by the early success of the EX-series, which together serve to underscore our improved outlook for the second half of the year."
Juniper's operating margin for the second quarter of 2008 rose to 18.3% on a GAAP basis from 13.0% in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2008 rose to 23.6% from 20.4% in the second quarter of 2007. The improvement was driven by reduced operating expense as a percentage of net revenues due to the Company's efforts to manage expenses and improve efficiency as well as revenue growth in the Company's infrastructure products, particularly in the Company's T and M series products.
The improved operating margins helped Juniper generate net cash from operations for the second quarter of 2008 of $200.5 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $199.3 million for the same quarter of 2007.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the second quarter of 2008 were $47.4 million and $40.4 million, respectively.
"I'm pleased with the results for the June quarter, which featured both revenue momentum and increasing operating leverage," stated Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer of Juniper Networks. "We are generating more profitable revenue growth and are also driving greater operating efficiency by building expense discipline into our ongoing business model. We are making good progress toward our performance targets." 
Q2 Highlights
High-Performance Network Infrastructure
Focused on delivering the fast, reliable and secure network infrastructure customers need to scale their business and reduce operating costs, Juniper continued to achieve milestones that serve to advance the economics and fundamentals of high-performance networking. Most recently, July 7 marked the 10 anniversary of on-time, consecutive, quarterly releases of Juniper's single source operating system, JUNOS software. JUNOS serves as the foundation of Juniper's single architecture, single operating system, single release train strategy driving user demand for Juniper's end-to-end infrastructure offerings, including the recently released EX3200 and 4200 Ethernet switches, which shipped to more than 100 customers around the world in the quarter. The quarter marked the further expansion of Juniper's Open IP Development Programs with IBM, NEC, Kasenna and Polycom announcing their participation and NTT Advanced Technology announcing its adoption of the Juniper Partner Solution Development Platform to build specialized applications on top of the JUNOS network operating system.
th
th
Fueling High-Performance Businesses
In the service provider market, Juniper saw continued interest and demand across the portfolio, from the core to the edge of the network. For the T-series, Hanaro Telecom of Korea deployed the T640 for IPTV and Multiplay services; Virgin Media affirmed their ability to scale their existing 10G network; and T1600 customer shipments included NTT Communications in Japan and ONO in Spain. The MX-series continued to gain momentum, with more than 250 customers in 43 countries around the world deploying the MX-series since its introduction. Customers in the quarter included: Abovenet, Bell Canada, the Internet Initiative Japan (IIJ), Qwest, XO Communications and Yahoo!. Juniper also realized success with the MX- and E-series product combination, announcing Orcon's deployment of the MX960 and E120 and C-series Controllers, TelstraClear's deployment of the E320 and C-series Controllers and WorldxChange's deployment of the E320 for the quality delivery of advanced voice-over-IP and high-value Internet services. Juniper also announced several strategic Cable provider customers, including Comcast, Cox Communications, TeleCable and Cablecom.
In the enterprise market, Juniper continued to see expanding interest in its infrastructure and success as a strategic partner with its high-performance business customers. Commerce Bank, N.A. is a subsidiary of Commerce Bancshares, Inc., a $17 billion regional bank holding company based in Missouri. For more than 140 years, Commerce Bank has been meeting the needs of individuals and businesses with a diversified line of financial services, including business and personal banking, wealth management and estate planning and investments through its subsidiary and affiliated companies. Commerce Bank currently operates in approximately 360 locations in Missouri, Kansas, Illinois, Oklahoma and Colorado. Commerce has selected Juniper high-performance network infrastructure as the foundation of a company-wide network upgrade to their core switching, aggregation and branch office routing infrastructure. In the initial phase, Commerce Bank will deploy MX960 Ethernet services routers, M10i edge routers and J-series services routers at all branch office locations. The bank also plans to deploy the EX-series Ethernet switches into new branch bank locations as it continues its expansion forward. Key considerations driving this success were the scale, performance, reliability and security of Juniper's high-performance network infrastructure running on a single network operating system, JUNOS.
The University of Exeter, one of the U.K.'s leading research universities, has deployed a comprehensive Juniper network infrastructure solution as a foundational element of its campus-wide infrastructure upgrade to provide fast, reliable and secure access, for their more than 14,000 students, to a host of converged applications that include bandwidth intensive, quality-dependent video and audio conferencing. The University has successfully deployed Juniper Networks EX-series Ethernet switches in tandem with the MX-series Ethernet Services Routers, Integrated Security Gateways and Secure Access SSL VPN infrastructure as it strives to sustain its leading-edge research capabilities and pursue its strategic goal to move from 13th in the UK to Top-10. Key considerations in the University's decision included the power of JUNOS software, the Virtual Chassis Technology capabilities of the EX4200 and the ease of integration with other technologies across their IT infrastructure.
In addition, Hastings District Council, the administrative authority for the Hastings region on the east coast of New Zealand, has deployed Juniper high-performance network infrastructure to further its efforts to be known as the place "where business and lifestyle come together". Hastings District Council selected a mix of EX3200 and 4200 Ethernet switches that enabled an easy migration toward a mixed Layer 2 / Layer 3 environment to support a host of applications including IP Telephony across their fiber-based metro area network. Hastings also selected Juniper Networks SSG and Unified Access Control security solutions to provide consistent, enterprise-wide security for the applications and services running across the network. A key consideration in the Council's decision was JUNOS Software with its single source code, single release train and; modular architecture for highly available, scalable and evolutionary software.
Juniper also saw an ongoing adoption and integration into managed end-to-end third party enterprise solutions. HP announced that it has standardized on the Juniper Networks M- and J-series edge and services routers as integral elements of their Halo Collaboration Studio, a fully managed telepresence collaboration solution supported with the Halo Video Exchange Network.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 24, 2008 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
To participate via telephone, the dial-in number is 212-231-2931. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until September 12, 2008.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, JUNOS and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net interest and other income.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investments; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080728163208.txt.gz
TIME:20080728163208
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On July 23, 2008, Kevin R. Johnson agreed to join Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper" or the "Company") as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Johnson is expected to commence his employment on September 8, 2008. Upon the commencement of Mr. Johnsons employment, he will be appointed to serve as a member of the Companys Board of Directors. As a result of this appointment, and effective upon the commencement of Mr. Johnsons employment, Scott Kriens will cease to be Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kriens will continue as Junipers Chairman of the Board of Directors and as an employee of the Company. Mr. Johnson, 47, joins Juniper Networks from Microsoft Corporation, a worldwide provider of software, services and solutions, where he has served as President, Platforms and Services Division since January 2007. He had been Co-President of the Platforms and Services Division since September 2005. Prior to that role, he held the position of Microsoft's Group Vice President, Worldwide Sales, Marketing and Services since March 2003. Before that position, Mr. Johnson had been Senior Vice President, Microsoft Americas since February 2002 and Senior Vice President, U.S. Sales, Marketing, and Services since August 2001. Previous to joining Microsoft in 1992, Mr. Johnson worked in IBM's systems integration and consulting business and started his career as a software developer. He earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from New Mexico State University and served as a founding member of the board of directors of NPower, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to help other nonprofits use technology to expand the reach and impact of their work. Mr. Johnson also served as a member of the Western Region Board of Advisors of Catalyst, a non-profit organization dedicated to women's career advancement. The following is a summary of Mr. Johnsons compensation arrangement with the Company: Mr. Johnson will receive an annual base salary of $800,000. Mr. Johnson will also be eligible for incentive compensation as a participant in the Companys 2008 Annual Incentive Plan for its executive officers, the description of which is set forth in Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2008. Mr. Johnsons 2008 target incentive under the plan is 150% of base salary on a prorated basis through the remainder of 2008. Mr. Johnson will also receive hiring bonuses totaling $5,000,000 in three annual increments as follows: $1,500,000 for the first year of service, $1,500,000 for the second year of service, and $2,000,000 for the third year of service. Should he voluntarily terminate his employment or if his employment is terminated by Juniper with Cause (as defined below), he will not receive any of the future increments and he will be responsible for repayment (prorated) to the Company of the bonus amount for the service year in which the termination occurs. Mr. Johnson will be granted a stock option for 1,400,000 shares following the commencement of his employment. The exercise price of such option will be the closing market price of Juniper common stock on the date of grant. The option will vest as to 25% of the shares on the first anniversary of his employment commencement and the balance will vest in 36 successive monthly installments, provided Mr. Johnson continues to provide services to the Company. Mr. Johnson also will be granted an additional stock option for 200,000 shares following the commencement of his employment. The exercise price of such option will be the closing market price of Juniper common stock on the date of grant. The option will vest as to 25% of the shares on March 1, 2010 and the balance will vest in 36 successive monthly installments, provided Mr. Johnson continues to provide services to the Company. Each option has a term of seven years from date of grant. In addition, following the commencement of his employment, Mr. Johnson will also be granted a performance share award w ith an aggregate target of 335,000 shares of Juniper Common Stock, divided into an initial target for 2008 of 35,000 shares and four annual targets of 75,000 shares for each year from 2009 through 2012. The exact number of shares that he will ultimately receive with respect to each year will be determined based on achievement of certain Company performance targets for 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012, as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board. He can earn between 0% and 200% of the target with respect to each year. Following each fiscal year, the number of shares he will receive with respect to that fiscal year will be calculated and the resulting shares issued will be fully vested. Mr. Johnson will also receive relocation assistance in conjunction with his relocation to California. These benefits include various relocation assistance expenses, allowances and reimbursements, including house hunting expenses, travel expenses, temporary housing, transportation and storage of household goods and Company-paid long-term business housing in Sunnyvale for up to 12 additional months until his relocates to California. All of the foregoing relocation benefits will be grossed up to cover the federal and state taxes that he must pay on those benefits. Mr. Johnson will also receive assistance in connection with the sale of his current home. He will also receive reimbursement of reasonable and customary non-recurring closing costs up to 2% of the new loan amount and a 3-2-1 thirty-six month mortgage interest buy down ("New Home Purchase Assistance") in connection with the purchase of a new home. Juniper will gross up for federal and state taxes that portion of those new home purchase reimbursed expenses for which he experiences an out-of-pocket cost, after taking into account the deductibility of those reimbursements, up to a maximum of $500,000. Should Mr. Johnsons employment be terminated for Cause (as defined in his severance agreement) or should he voluntarily terminate your employment (other than for "Good Reason" as permitted under his Change in Control Agreement with Juniper) prior to completing three full years of service after the completion of his relocation, he will be responsible for pro-rated repayment of relocation expenses Mr. Johnson may utilize the foregoing relocation benefits at any time during the first three years of his employment with the Company. Mr. Johnson and the Company will also enter into a severance agreement that provides the following benefits. In the event Mr. Johnson is terminated involuntarily by Juniper without Cause, as defined below, and provided Mr. Johnson executes a full release of claims, promptly following termination, Mr. Johnson will be entitled to receive the following severance benefits: (i) an amount equal to one year of base salary; (ii) an amount equal to his annual target bonus for the fiscal year in which the termination occurs and (iii) one year of Company-paid health, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage. For purposes of thi s severance agreement, "Cause" is defined as: (i) willfully engaging in gross misconduct that is demonstrably injurious to Juniper; (ii) willful act or acts of dishonesty or malfeasance undertaken by the individual; (iii) conviction of or a plea of nolo contendere to a felony; or (iv) willful and continued refusal or failure to substantially perform duties with Juniper (other than incapacity due to physical or mental illness); provided that the action or conduct described in clause (iv) above will constitute "Cause" only if such failure continues after the Board of Directors has provided him with a written demand for substantial performance setting forth in detail the specific respects in which it believes he has willfully and not substantially performed his duties thereof and has been provided a reasonable opportunity (to be not less than 30 days) to cure the same. In addition, Mr. Johnson and the Company will enter into an agreement that provides the following benefits upon a change of control of th e Company. Provided he signs a release of claims and complies with certain post termination non-solicitation and non-competition obligations, Mr. Johnson will receive change in control severance benefits if either: (i) he is terminated without Cause within 18 months following the change of control, or (ii) between 12 and 18 months following a change of control he terminates his employment with the Company (or any parent or subsidiary of the Company) for "Good Reason." The change in control severance benefits consist of: (i) a cash payment equal to his annual base salary plus his target bonus for the fiscal year in which the change of control or his termination occurs, whichever is greater, (ii) acceleration of vesting of all of his then unvested outstanding stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and other Company equity compensation awards and (iii) one year of Company-paid health, dental, vision, and life insurance coverage. In the event that any of the provisions of the Company&#x 2019;s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan would prevent him from receiving a portion of the entire amount of acceleration of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units or Deferred Stock Units which would otherwise accelerate under the Change in Control Agreement, then the agreement provides for paying him the cash value of such shares. For purposes of this change of control agreement, "Good Reason" means any of the following actions taken without Mr. Johnsons express written consent: (i) any material reduction of his duties, title, authority or responsibilities or a material change in who he reports to, relative to his duties, title, authority or responsibilities and reporting relationship as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (ii) a substantial reduction of the facilities and perquisites (including office space and location) available to Mr. Johnson immediately prior to such reduction; (iii) a reduction by the Company in the base compensation or total target cash compensation as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iv) a material reduction by the Company in the kind or level of benefits to which Mr. Johnson was entitled immediately prior to such reduction with the result that his overall benefits package is significantly reduced; (v) the relocation of Mr. Johnson to a facility or a location more than forty (40) miles from his then-present location. For purposes of this change of control agreement, "Cause" means (i) an act of personal dishonesty taken by Mr. Johnson in connection with his responsibilities as an employee and intended to result in substantial personal enrichment, (ii) Mr. Johnson being convicted of, or pleading nolo contendere to a felony, (iii) a willful act by Mr. Johnson which constitutes gross misconduct and which is injurious to the Company, (iv) following delivery to Mr. Johnson of a written demand for performance from the Company which describes the basis for the Companys reasonable belief that he has not substantially performed his duties , continued violations by Mr. Johnson of his obligations to the Company which are demonstrably willful and deliberate. If any of the change of control benefits would constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code and be subject to the excise tax and any related interest or penalties, then he will be entitled to receive from the Company an additional payment (the "Gross-Up Payment") in an amount up to a maximum of $5 million that that would fund his payment of any excise tax payments as well as all income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment, any Excise Tax imposed on the Gross-Up Payment and any interest or penalties imposed with respect to income and employment taxes imposed on the Gross-Up Payment. No Gross-Up Payment is required if the amount of benefits that would constitute a Parachute Payment is $1 million or less.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080902161146.txt.gz
TIME:20080902161146
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
On August 26, 2008, the board of directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") amended and restated the Companys Bylaws, including changes to Article II, Article III and Article XII. Certain clarifying changes were made to the Bylaws to conform to applicable provisions of law, with changes to Section 2.1 to allow stockholders meetings to be held by means of remote communication and changes to Article XII to clarify that the Companys ability to make loans to officers or employees of the Company is subject to applicable law. Section 2.3 was also amended to specify the vote required for the board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders. In addition, Section 3.8 of the Bylaws was amended to provide that a meeting of the board of directors at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, provided that any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting. The principal changes made to the Bylaws were to the advance notice provisions contained in Section 2.5 to remove ambiguities and to take into account recent Delaware case law. Such changes include the following: Advance Notice of Stockholder Business  At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting;  To be properly brought before the annual meeting, the business must be brought: (a) pursuant to the Companys proxy materials with respect to the meeting; (b) by or at the direction of the board of directors; or (c) by a stockholder of the Company who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice and is a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting and who otherwise timely complies with the notice procedures set forth in Section 2.5(i);  To be timely, the stockholders notice must be received by the Companys corporate secretary not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Company first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the prior years annual meeting, provided, however, that if no annual meeting were held in the prior year or the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to or delayed more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the prior years annual meeting, then for notice to be timely, the notice must be received by the Companys corporate secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which a Public Announcement (as defined in the Bylaws) of the date of the annual meeting is first made;  An adjournment or postponement of the annual meeting shall not commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholders notice described above;  To be in proper form, the stockholders notice must provide the information prescribed in Section 2.5(i)(b), including: (a) a brief description of the business intended to be brought and the reasons for such business; (b) the name and address of the stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined in the Bylaws); (c) the class and number of shares held of record or beneficially owned by the stockholder and Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held by the stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Person; (d) whether and the extent to which any hedging transaction or other transaction has been entered into for the purpose of mitigating loss or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person; (e) any material interest of the stockholder or a ny Stockholder Associated Person in such business; and (f) a statement whether the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person intends to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of the Companys shares sufficient to obtain approval on the matter proposed. The notice must be supplemented not later than 10 days following the record date to disclose the information contained in clauses (c) and (d) above as of the record date; Advance Notice of Director Nominations at Annual Meetings  To be properly brought before the annual meeting, nominations of stockholders must be brought: (a) by or at the direction of the board of directors; or (b) by a stockholder of the Company who was a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice and was a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in Section 2.5(ii) and timing provisions described in the third bullet under "Advance Notice of Stockholder Busin ess" above;  To be in proper form, the stockholders notice for a director nomination must provide as to each nominee by the stockholder: (a) the name, age, business address and residence of the nominee; (b) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee; (c) the class and number of shares beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held by the nominee; (d) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee for the purpose of mitigating loss or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee; (e) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and the nominee and any other person(s) pursuant to which nominations are made by the stockholder; (f) a written statement by the nominee acknowledging that as a director of the Company, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Delaware law with respect to the C ompany and its stockholders; and (g) any other information required to be disclosed in proxy solicitations for the election of directors under Regulation 14A; (h) the information required in clauses (b) through (e) in the fifth bullet under "Advance Notice of Stockholder Business" above; and (i) a statement whether either the stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the Companys voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect such nominee(s);  At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by a stockholder shall furnish to the Companys corporate secretary the information required in the immediately preceding bullet as of a date subsequent to the date of initial notice and such additional information as may be required by the Company to determine the eligibility of such nominee to serve as an independent director or that c ould be material to a reasonable investors understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of the nominee. In the absence of furnishing such requested information, the stockholders notice shall not be considered in proper form; Special Meetings of Stockholders  Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Companys notice of meeting only: (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors; or (2) by any stockholder of the Company who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving notice, who is entitled to vote at the special meeting, who complies with the notice procedures set forth in the next bullet below, and who provides the information described in the second and third bullets under "Advance Notice of Director Nominations at Annual Meetings" above;  To be timely, such notice must be delivered to the Companys s ecretary not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such meeting or the 10th day following the day on which a Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting; Other Requirements and Rights  A stockholder shall comply with all applicable requirements of state law and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "34 Act") and the rules thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in Section 2.5;  Nothing in Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any right of a stockholder to request inclusion of proposals in the Companys proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the 34 Act. Prior to the amendment, Section 2.5 provided that: To be properly brought before an annual meeting or special meeting, nominations for the election of director or other business must be (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the board of directors, (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder. For such nominations or other business to be considered properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely written notice and in proper form of his intent to bring such business before such meeting. To be timely, such stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the secretary of the Company not less than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date of the Companys proxy statement released to stockholders in connection with the Companys previous year's annual meeting of stockholders. To be in proper form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary shall set forth: (i) the name and address of the stockholder who intends to make the nominations, propose the business, and, as the case may be, the name and add ress of the person or persons to be nominated or the nature of the business to be proposed; (ii) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting and, if applicable, intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the person or persons specified in the notice or introduce the business specified in the notice; (iii) if applicable, a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by the stockholder; (iv) such other information regarding each nominee or each matter of business to be proposed by such stockholder as would be required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission had the nominee been nominated, or intended to be nominated, or the matter been proposed, or intended to be proposed b y the board of directors; and (v) if applicable, the consent of each nominee to serve as director of the Company if so elected. The chairman of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person or the proposal of any business not made in compliance with the foregoing procedure. The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated on August 26, 2008, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1, and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 3.1
1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. For purposes of these bylaws, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The board of directors, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the Whole Board, may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY STOCKHOLDERS
(i) At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting business must brought: (A) pursuant to the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (C) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(i) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has timely complied in proper written form with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(i). In addition, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action pursuant to these bylaws and applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (C) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders.
(a) To comply with clause (C) of Section 2.5(i) above, a stockholder's notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(i) and must be timely received by the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year's annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 2.5(i)(a). "Public Announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release released on Business Wire and/or reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news and/or wire service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto (the "1934 Act").
provided
however
(b) To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting: (1) a brief description of the business intended to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (3) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (4) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, (5) any material interest of the stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person in such business, and (6) a statement whether either such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (1) through (6), a "Business Solicitation Statement"). In addition, to be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must be supplemented not later than ten days following the record date to disclose the information contained in clauses (3) and (4) above as of the record date. For purposes of this Section 2.5, a "Stockholder Associated Person" of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and on whose behalf the proposal or nomination, as the case may be, is being made, or (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii).
(c) Without exception, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(i) and, if applicable, Section 2.5(ii). In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before the annual meeting if such stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business or if the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5(i), and, if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting that any such business not properly brought before the annual meeting shall not be conducted.
(ii) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii) shall be eligible for election or re-election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (B) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(ii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation.
(a) To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.5(ii) above, a nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(ii) and must be received by the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at the time set forth in, and in accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.5(i)(a) above.
(b) To be in proper written form, such stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth:
(1) as to each person (a "nominee") whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, (F) a written statement executed by the nominee acknowledging that as a director of the Corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Delaware law with respect to the Corporation and its stockholders, and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee if proxies were being solicited for the election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation the nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and
(2) as to such stockholder giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.5(i)(b) above, and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.5(i)(b) above (except that the references to "business" in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a statement whether either such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect such nominee(s) (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (A) and (B) above, a "Nominee Solicitation Statement").
(c) At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director must furnish to the secretary of the Corporation (1) that information required to be set forth in the stockholder's notice of nomination of such person as a director as of a date subsequent to the date on which the notice of such person's nomination was given and (2) such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; in the absence of the furnishing of such information if requested, such stockholder's nomination shall not be considered in proper form pursuant to this Section 2.5(ii).
(d) Without exception, no person shall be eligible for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation at an annual meeting of stockholders unless nominated in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
(iii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations for Special Meetings.
(a) For a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to Section 2.3, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors shall be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(iii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting and (B) delivers a timely written notice of the nomination to the secretary of the Corporation that includes the information set forth in Sections 2.5(ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above. To be timely, such notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at a special meeting unless the person is nominated (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (ii) by a stockholder in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(iii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
(b) The chairperson of the special meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination or business was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination or business shall be disregarded.
(iv) Other Requirements and Rights.
In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.5. Nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act and nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section
212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be eight (8). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
At such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors
(or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election)
shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
Subject to applicable law, the Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080909171311.txt.gz
TIME:20080909171311
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Effective September 8, 2008, Kevin R. Johnson was elected to serve as a Class III member of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"). In addition, Mr. Johnson was appointed to serve on the Stock Committee of the Board of Directors. As disclosed in the Companys Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 28, 2008 (the "July 8-K"), Mr. Johnsons election occurred effective upon the commencement of his employment as the Companys Chief Executive Officer. A description of Mr. Johnsons compensation arrangement with the Company is contained in the July 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
In connection with Mr. Johnsons election to the Companys Board of Directors, effective September 8, 2008, Section 3.2 of the Company's Bylaws was amended to increase the size of the Board of Directors from eight members to nine members. A copy of the amended and restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc., effective as of September 8, 2008, is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 3.1
1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. For purposes of these bylaws, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The board of directors, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the Whole Board, may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY STOCKHOLDERS
(i) At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting business must brought: (A) pursuant to the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (C) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(i) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has timely complied in proper written form with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(i). In addition, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action pursuant to these bylaws and applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (C) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders.
(a) To comply with clause (C) of Section 2.5(i) above, a stockholder's notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(i) and must be timely received by the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year's annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 2.5(i)(a). "Public Announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release released on Business Wire and/or reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news and/or wire service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto (the "1934 Act").
provided
however
(b) To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting: (1) a brief description of the business intended to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (3) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (4) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, (5) any material interest of the stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person in such business, and (6) a statement whether either such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (1) through (6), a "Business Solicitation Statement"). In addition, to be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must be supplemented not later than ten days following the record date to disclose the information contained in clauses (3) and (4) above as of the record date. For purposes of this Section 2.5, a "Stockholder Associated Person" of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and on whose behalf the proposal or nomination, as the case may be, is being made, or (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii).
(c) Without exception, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(i) and, if applicable, Section 2.5(ii). In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before the annual meeting if such stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business or if the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5(i), and, if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting that any such business not properly brought before the annual meeting shall not be conducted.
(ii) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii) shall be eligible for election or re-election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (B) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(ii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation.
(a) To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.5(ii) above, a nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(ii) and must be received by the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at the time set forth in, and in accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.5(i)(a) above.
(b) To be in proper written form, such stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth:
(1) as to each person (a "nominee") whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, (F) a written statement executed by the nominee acknowledging that as a director of the Corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Delaware law with respect to the Corporation and its stockholders, and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee if proxies were being solicited for the election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation the nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and
(2) as to such stockholder giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.5(i)(b) above, and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.5(i)(b) above (except that the references to "business" in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a statement whether either such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect such nominee(s) (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (A) and (B) above, a "Nominee Solicitation Statement").
(c) At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director must furnish to the secretary of the Corporation (1) that information required to be set forth in the stockholder's notice of nomination of such person as a director as of a date subsequent to the date on which the notice of such person's nomination was given and (2) such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; in the absence of the furnishing of such information if requested, such stockholder's nomination shall not be considered in proper form pursuant to this Section 2.5(ii).
(d) Without exception, no person shall be eligible for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation at an annual meeting of stockholders unless nominated in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
(iii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations for Special Meetings.
(a) For a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to Section 2.3, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors shall be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(iii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting and (B) delivers a timely written notice of the nomination to the secretary of the Corporation that includes the information set forth in Sections 2.5(ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above. To be timely, such notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at a special meeting unless the person is nominated (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (ii) by a stockholder in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(iii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
(b) The chairperson of the special meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination or business was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination or business shall be disregarded.
(iv) Other Requirements and Rights.
In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.5. Nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act and nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section
212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be nine (9). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
At such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors
(or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election)
shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
Subject to applicable law, the Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080916183106.txt.gz
TIME:20080916183106
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") has previously disclosed that derivative actions in connection with its historical stock option granting practices had been commenced by stockholders purportedly on behalf of the Company against the Company as nominal defendant and a number of current and former officers and directors of the Company. The actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the "Federal Court"), consolidated as In re Juniper Derivative Actions, No. 5:06-CV-06-03396-JW, and in the Santa Clara County Superior Court in the State of California, consolidated as In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation, No. 1:06-CV-064294 (such actions are referred to collectively as the "Derivative Actions").
On September 8, 2008, the Federal Court issued an order (the "Preliminary Order") granting preliminary approval of a settlement resolving the claims asserted against certain of the officers and directors named as defendants in the Derivative Actions. The Preliminary Order requires that the Company publish a Stipulation of Settlement (the "Stipulation") in a Current Report on Form 8-K within ten (10) days of the entry of such order. The Stipulation is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
     This Stipulation of Settlement, dated August 11, 2008 (the "Stipulation"), is made and entered into by and among the following Settling Parties (as defined further in 1.24 hereof), each by and through their respective counsel: (i) Plaintiffs Indiana State District Council of Laborers and HOD Carriers Pension Fund ("Indiana"), Employer-Teamsters Local Nos. 175 & 505 Pension Trust Fund ("Teamsters") and Timothy Hill (the "Lead Plaintiffs" or "Federal Plaintiffs") (on behalf of themselves and derivatively on behalf of Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper" or the "Company")); (ii) Plaintiffs Ernesto Espinoza and Pirelli Armstrong Tire Corporation Retiree Medical Benefits Trust ("State Plaintiffs"); (iii) the Released Defendants (defined below in 1.19); and (iv) nominal party Juniper. The Stipulation is intended by the Settling Parties to fully, finally and forever resolve, discharge and settle the Released Claims (as defined in 1.18), upon and subject to the terms and conditions hereof.
     As set forth more fully below in Section V, the Stipulation provides, among other things, that the right to assert claims against Lisa Berry, Scott Kriens, and Marcel Gani shall be preserved and assigned to, and assumed by, Juniper.
I. INTRODUCTION
     On and after May 24, 2006, Lead Plaintiff Hill filed the first shareholder derivative action in the United States District Court Northern District of California, San Jose Division (the "Federal Court"), No. 5:06-cv-03396-JW. Thereafter, several other similar shareholder derivative actions were filed in the Federal Court. On October 19, 2006, the Federal Court consolidated all of those derivative actions. These actions are known as the , No. 5:06-cv-03396-JW (the "Federal Derivative Action"). On October 19, 2006, the Court also appointed Indiana, Teamsters and Hill as Lead Plaintiffs, and Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins LLP and Schiffrin Barroway Topaz & Kessler, LLP as Lead Counsel in the Federal Derivative Action.
In re Juniper Derivative Actions
     On and after May 24, 2006, two shareholder derivative actions were filed in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara (the "State Court"). These cases were
 
consolidated under the caption , Lead Case No. 1:06-cv-064294 ("State Derivative Action"). On June 15, 2006, the State Court appointed Robbins Umeda & Fink, LLP and Barrett, Johnston & Parsley as Lead Counsel in the State Derivative Action.
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation
     The Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action (collectively, the "Actions") each allege claims on behalf of Juniper against certain current and former officers and directors of Juniper, arising from or relating to the granting of stock options at Juniper, beginning with Juniper's Initial Public Offering ("IPO") in June 1999. On April 11, 2007, Lead Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action filed their Verified Consolidated Shareholders Derivative Complaint. On April 16, 2007, Plaintiffs in the State Derivative Action filed a First Amended and Supplemental Consolidated Shareholder Derivative Complaint. On June 8, 2007, pursuant to a stipulation of the parties and order of the State Court, the State Derivative Action was stayed in order to pursue settlement discussions and/or mediation. On June 12, 2007, pursuant to a stipulation of the parties and order of the Federal Court, the Federal Derivative Action was stayed in an effort to resolve the litigation.
     On August 15, 2007, Juniper's Board of Directors formed a Special Litigation Committee pursuant to Section 141(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law to determine whether it was in the Company's best interest to pursue claims arising from its past option granting practices against any current or former officers, directors, employees, or agents of the Company and to manage and conduct the litigation and/or settlement or other resolution of any such claims. The Board adopted a resolution providing that "a Special Litigation Committee consisting of directors Michael Lawrie and Michael Rose, both disinterested directors, is hereby created, and shall determine whether the Company should pursue any claims arising from the Company's past option granting practices against any current or former officer, director, employee or agent of the Company." Neither Mr. Lawrie nor Mr. Rose is a defendant in the Actions. Each joined Juniper's Board of Directors after the events at issue and after the completion of an investigation by Juniper's Audit Committee into the Company's option granting practices and accounting therefor that led to a restatement of certain past financial statements. The Board gave the Special Litigation Committee the authority to
 
take any and all actions on behalf of the Company that it deemed appropriate or necessary to determine whether the Company should pursue any such claims and to manage, control, and/or settle any and all lawsuits and legal claims brought on behalf of the Company against any of its current or former directors, executives, employees, or agents stemming from the Company's past stock option granting practices. Pursuant to that authority, the Special Litigation Committee retained independent counsel from the law firm of Arnold & Porter LLP. Assisted by its independent counsel and forensic accounting consultants retained by that counsel, the Special Litigation Committee conducted its own, independent investigation into the allegations in the Actions.
     On January 28, 2008, certain parties, including counsel for the Lead Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action, the Plaintiffs in the State Derivative Action, the individual defendants (other than defendant Berry), and the Special Litigation Committee conducted an all day mediation session before Antonio Piazza. At the conclusion of the mediation, counsel for the Lead Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action, the Plaintiffs in the State Derivative Action and the Special Litigation Committee entered into certain agreements. Since the mediation, counsel for the Lead Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action, the Plaintiffs in the State Derivative Action, the Settling Defendants and the Special Litigation Committee have continued settlement negotiations to resolve the Actions as to most of the named defendants, and to preserve certain claims that are assigned to Juniper, on the terms set forth herein.
II. CLAIMS OF THE PLAINTIFFS AND BENEFITS OF SETTLEMENT
     The Plaintiffs (defined below in 1.15) believe that the claims they have asserted in the Actions on behalf of Juniper and on their own behalf, and the claims which could potentially be asserted, have merit and that Plaintiffs have proper standing to pursue such claims. However, counsel for the Plaintiffs recognize and acknowledge the expense and length of continued proceedings necessary to prosecute the Actions against the Released Defendants through trial and through appeals. Counsel for the Plaintiffs have also taken into account the uncertain outcome and the risk of any litigation, especially in complex actions such as the Actions, as well as the difficulties and delays inherent in such litigation. Counsel for the Plaintiffs are also mindful of the inherent problems of proof and possible defenses to the claims asserted in the Actions or which may be
 
asserted. Based on their evaluation, Plaintiffs and their counsel have determined that the settlement set forth in the Stipulation is in the best interests of the Plaintiffs, Juniper and its shareholders. Counsel for the Plaintiffs believes that the settlement set forth in the Stipulation confers substantial benefits upon Juniper and its shareholders. In addition, after reviewing certain discovery requested, Plaintiffs agree with the Special Litigation Committee's conclusion that the claims against Berry, Kriens and Gani should be assigned to Juniper and not released, to be pursued as set forth herein
.
III. SETTLING DEFENDANTS' DENIALS OF WRONGDOING AND LIABILITY
     The Settling Defendants (defined below in 1.23) have denied and continue to deny each and all of the claims and contentions alleged by the Plaintiffs in the Actions. The Settling Defendants expressly have denied and continue to deny all charges of wrongdoing or liability against them arising out of any of the conduct, statements, acts or omissions alleged, or that could have been alleged, in the Actions. The Settling Defendants also have denied and continue to deny, , the allegations that the Plaintiffs, Juniper or its shareholders have suffered damage, or that the Plaintiffs, Juniper or its shareholders were harmed by the conduct alleged in the Actions. The Settling Defendants have further asserted that at all relevant times, they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in the best interests of Juniper and its shareholders.
inter alia
     Nonetheless, the Settling Defendants and the Special Litigation Committee on behalf of Juniper have also taken into account the uncertainty and risks inherent in any litigation, especially in complex cases like the Actions. The Settling Defendants and the Special Litigation Committee have, therefore, determined that it is desirable that the Actions, and all of the Settling Parties' disputes related thereto, be fully and finally settled in the manner and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Stipulation. The Settling Defendants and the Special Litigation Committee have determined that it is desirable and beneficial that the Actions and all of the Settling Parties' disputes relating thereto be settled in a manner and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Stipulation. The Special Litigation Committee on behalf of Juniper believes that the settlement set forth in this Stipulation confers substantial benefits upon Juniper and its shareholders and is in the best interests of Juniper and its shareholders.
 
IV. ASSIGNMENT TO JUNIPER OF CERTAIN CLAIMS THAT WILL NOT BE RESOLVED BY THE SETTLEMENT
     As set forth more fully below in Section V (2.4), the Stipulation provides that the right to assert certain claims against defendants Berry, Gani, and Kriens shall be preserved and irrevocably assigned to Juniper by Plaintiffs. The United States Securities and Exchange Commission has filed suit against defendant Berry, Juniper's former general counsel, based in part on her conduct with respect to Juniper's options-granting practices that resulted in a restatement of Juniper's past financial statements. , Civil Action No. C 07 4431 (RMW) (HRL) (N.D. Cal.). During the relevant period, defendant Berry was a member of the Stock Option Committee, which issued option grants involved in the restatement. Defendant Berry declined to cooperate with either the investigation by the Audit Committee of Juniper's Board of Directors into Juniper's option granting practices and accounting therefor, or the Special Litigation Committee investigation. Based upon its investigation, the Special Litigation Committee has concluded that all claims asserted in the operative complaint in the State Derivative Action and all rights of Plaintiffs in the State Derivative Action to assert claims against defendant Berry on behalf of Juniper should be preserved and assigned to the Company.
Securities and Exchange Commission v. Lisa C. Berry
     In addition, the Special Litigation Committee has concluded that, as a result of defendant Berry's failure to cooperate in the investigations by the Audit Committee and the Special Litigation Committee, the factual record may be incomplete. Therefore, the Special Litigation Committee has concluded that the all claims asserted in the operative complaints in the Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action, and all rights of Plaintiffs in those Actions to assert claims against defendants Gani and Kriens on behalf of Juniper should be assigned to the Company, that the claims asserted by Plaintiffs against defendants Gani and Kriens in the operative complaints in the Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action should be
 
dismissed without prejudice at this time, and that tolling agreements should be (and have been) entered into between defendant Gani and the Company, and between defendant Kriens and the Company, in order to preserve Juniper's right to bring such claims in the future. The tolling agreements are attached as Exhibit A. Based upon its investigation to date, the Special Litigation Committee has no reason to disagree with the judgment of the Audit Committee of Juniper's Board of Directors that it has full confidence in the ability of defendant Kriens to continue to serve as the Chief Executive Officer and as a director of the Company. Nor has the Special Litigation Committee identified evidence of knowing participation by defendant Kriens, who also served on the Stock Option Committee, in the misdating of option grants. Nevertheless, in light of the incompleteness of the record, and although neither Kriens nor Gani benefited monetarily from any mispriced option grant, the Special Litigation Committee has concluded, out of an abundance of caution, that at this time it is appropriate to maintain Juniper's right to assert claims against defendants Gani and Kriens depending upon further developments in the lawsuit and any other potential governmental actions against defendant Berry arising out of or related to her conduct while employed at Juniper. The Plaintiffs agree that the claims against Berry, Kriens, and Gani, and all rights Plaintiffs possess to assert claims against Berry, Kriens, and Gani, should be preserved and assigned to the Company as provided for herein.
SEC v. Berry
     Accordingly, Juniper, through the Special Litigation Committee, will seek to (1) either amend the operative complaint in the State Derivative Action to directly assert restated claims by Juniper against defendant Berry (who is named in that action only and not in the Federal Derivative Action) or enter into a tolling/stay agreement with defendant Berry that would preserve its right to bring such restated claims in the future, (2) dismiss without prejudice claims asserted in the Actions against defendants Gani and Kriens on the basis of the tolling agreements
 
with each, and (3) dismiss with prejudice claims asserted in the Actions against the Released Defendants. In the event Juniper directly asserts restated claims against defendant Berry, Juniper will simultaneously seek a stay of all proceedings in the State Derivative Action pending further development of the record in the lawsuit and any other potential governmental actions against defendant Berry arising out of or related to her conduct while employed at Juniper.
SEC v. Berry
V. TERMS OF STIPULATION AND AGREEMENT OF SETTLEMENT
     NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY STIPULATED AND AGREED by and among the Plaintiffs (for themselves and derivatively on behalf of Juniper) and the Settling Defendants by and through their respective counsel or attorneys of record, as follows.
     
1. Definitions
     As used in the Stipulation the following terms have the meanings specified below:
     1.1 "Actions" means, collectively the Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action.
     1.2 "Berry" means Lisa C. Berry, a defendant in the State Derivative Action and Juniper's former General Counsel, Vice President and Secretary from July 1999 to December 2003.
     1.3 "Effective Date" means the first date by which all of the events and conditions specified in 6.1 of the Stipulation have been met and have occurred.
     1.4 "Federal Complaint" means the Verified Consolidated Shareholders Derivative Complaint filed in the Federal Derivative Action.
     1.5 "Federal Court" means the United States District Court for the Northern District of California San Jose Division.
     1.6 "Federal Derivative Action" means the consolidated action entitled , No. 5:06-cv-03396-JW.
In re Juniper Derivative Actions
     1.7 "Federal Order and Judgment" means the order and judgment to be rendered by the Federal Court, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.
 
     1.8 "Federal Plaintiffs" or "Lead Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Actions" means Indiana State District Council of Laborers and HOD Carriers Pension Fund, Employer-Teamsters Local Nos. 175 & 505 Pension Trust Fund and Timothy Hill.
     1.9 "Final" means the time when a Judgment that has not been reversed, vacated, or modified in any way is no longer subject to appellate review, either because of disposition on appeal and conclusion of the appellate process or because of passage, without action, of time for seeking appellate review. More specifically it is that situation when: (1) either no appeal has been filed and the time has passed for any notice of appeal to be timely filed in the Actions; or (2) an appeal has been filed and the courts of appeal has/have either affirmed the Judgment or dismissed that appeal and the time for any reconsideration or further appellate review has passed; or (3) a higher court has granted further appellate review and that court has either affirmed the underlying Judgment or affirmed the court of appeals' decision affirming the Judgment or dismissing the appeal.
     1.10 "Juniper" means Juniper Networks, Inc. including, but not limited to, its predecessors, successors, controlling shareholders, partners, joint venturers, subsidiaries, affiliates, divisions and assigns, but does not include Lisa Berry, Marcel Gani or Scott Kriens.
     1.11 "Lead Counsel in the Federal Derivative Action" means Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins LLP and Schiffrin Barroway Topaz & Kessler, LLP.
     1.12 "Mediator" means Antonio Piazza.
     1.13 "Non-Released Defendants" means Marcel Gani and Scott Kriens.
     1.14 "Person" means an individual, corporation, limited liability corporation, professional corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, association, joint stock company, estate, legal representative, trust, unincorporated association, government or any political subdivision or agency thereof, and any business or legal entity and their spouses, heirs, predecessors, successors, representatives, or assignees.
     1.15 "Plaintiffs" means collectively the Federal Plaintiffs and the State Plaintiffs.
     1.16 "Plaintiffs' Counsel" means any counsel that has appeared of record or rendered legal services to any of the Plaintiffs in connection with the Actions.
 
     1.17 "Related Persons" means (1) each of a Released Defendant's spouse, heirs, executors, estates, or administrators, any entity in which a Settling Defendant and/or member(s) of his or her family has or had a controlling interest any members of their immediate families, or any trust of which any Individual Settling Defendant is or was the settlor or which is or was for the benefit of any Settling Defendant and/or number(s) of his or her family, (2) each of the Released Defendants' present and former attorneys, legal representatives, and assigns in connection with the Actions, and (3) all past and present directors, officers, partners, controlling shareholders, joint venturers, related or affiliated entities, agents, advisors, employees, affiliates, predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries, divisions, assigns and attorneys for nominal party Juniper, its counsel, or any entity in which Juniper has a controlling interest. Related Person does not include Lisa Berry, Marcel Gani, Scott Kriens, or any insurers, co-insurers, or reinsurers of the Settling Defendants.
     1.18 "Released Claims" shall collectively mean all claims (including "Unknown Claims," as defined in 1.30 hereof), debts, demands, rights, liabilities and causes of action of every nature and description whatsoever, known or unknown, whether or not concealed or hidden, asserted or that could have been asserted by any derivative plaintiff on behalf of Juniper, or by Juniper, against each and every Released Person (including, without limitation, claims for damages, interest, attorneys' fees, expert or consulting fees and any other costs, expenses or liability, negligence, negligent supervision, gross negligence, intentional conduct, indemnification, breach of duty of care and/or breach of duty of loyalty or good faith, fraud, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment, constructive trust, breach of fiduciary duty, negligent misrepresentation, unfair competition, insider trading, professional negligence, mismanagement, corporate waste, breach of contract, or violations of any state or federal statutes, rules or regulations) that were alleged in the Actions, or that arise from or relate to the matters or occurrences that were alleged in the Actions, or that could have been asserted with respect to the matters or occurrences that were alleged in the Actions, for conduct through and including August 11, 2008, including any claims related to the public disclosures relating to stock option grants and purchases or the transactions referenced therein, however described, , that "Released Claims" shall not include any "Unreleased and Assigned Claims," as defined in 1.31
provided
 
hereof; and , that "Released Claims" shall not include any claims for, or rights to, contribution, indemnity or similar claims in connection with the Securities Fraud Action.
provided further
     1.19 "Released Defendants" means Robert M. Calderoni, Stratton D. Sclavos, Kenneth A. Goldman, William R. Hearst III, Kenneth Levy, Frank J. Marshall, Pradeep Sindhu, Robert R.B. Dykes, William R. Stensrud, Vinod Khosla, Peter L. Wexler, Ashok Krishnamurthi, Lloyd Carney, Anthony Addario, Carol Mills Baldwin, James A. Dolce, Jr., Mitchell Gaynor, Steven R. Haley, Gary Heidenreich, Krishna Kittu Kolluri, C. Richard Kramlich, Kim Perdikou, Edward Minshull, and Robert Sturgeon.
     1.20 "Released Persons" means each and all of the Released Defendants and their Related Persons.
     1.21 "Restatement" means the restatement of certain of Juniper's previously filed financial statements as set forth in Juniper's Report on Form 10-K filed on or about March 9, 2007.
     1.22 "Securities Fraud Action" means the purported class action securities fraud lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California and captioned , Civil Action No. 5:06-cv-04327-JW.
In re Juniper Securities Litigation
     1.23 "Settling Defendants" means, collectively, each of the Released Defendants.
     1.24 "Settling Parties" means, collectively, each of the Released Defendants, the Plaintiffs on behalf of themselves, and Juniper and its shareholders, but does not include Berry.
     1.25 "State Court" means the Superior Court of the State of California, Santa Clara County.
     1.26 "State Court Counsel" or "Lead Counsel in the State Derivative Action" means Robbins Umeda & Fink, LLP and Barrett, Johnston & Parsley. Collectively, "Lead Counsel in the State Derivative Action" and "Lead Counsel in the Federal Derivative Action" are referred to as "Plaintiffs' Lead Counsel".
     1.27 "State Derivative Action" means the consolidated action entitled , Lead Case No. 1:06-cv-064294.
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation
     1.28 "State Derivative Complaint" means the First Amended and Supplemental Consolidated Shareholder Derivative Complaint filed in the State Derivative Action.
 
     1.29 "State Plaintiffs" means Ernesto Espinoza and Pirelli Armstrong Tire Corporation Retiree Medical Benefits Trust.
     1.30 "Unknown Claims" means any of the Released Claims which any Plaintiff, Juniper, the Special Litigation Committee, or Juniper shareholders do not know or suspect to exist in his, her or its favor at the time of the release of the Released Persons, including claims which, if known by him, her or it, might have affected his, her or its settlement with and release of the Released Persons, or might have affected his, her or its decision not to object to this settlement. With respect to any and all Released Claims, the Settling Parties stipulate and agree that, upon the Effective Date, the Plaintiffs, Released Defendants, Juniper, and the Special Litigation Committee shall expressly waive and each of the Juniper shareholders shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, expressly waived, the provisions, rights and benefits of California Civil Code 1542, which provides:
     
A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.
Upon the Effective Date, the Plaintiffs, Released Defendants, the Special Litigation Committee and Juniper shall expressly waive, and each of the Juniper shareholders shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, expressly waived any and all provisions, rights and benefits conferred by any law of any jurisdiction or any state or territory of the United States, or principle of common law, which is similar, comparable or equivalent to California Civil Code 1542. The Plaintiffs, Released Defendants, Juniper, the Special Litigation Committee and Juniper shareholders may hereafter discover facts in addition to or different from those which he, she or it now knows or believes to be true with respect to the subject matter of the Released Claims, but, upon the Effective Date, each Plaintiff, Released Defendants, Juniper and the Special Litigation Committee shall expressly settle and release, and each Juniper shareholder shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever settled and released, any and all Released Claims, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or non-contingent, whether or not concealed or hidden, which now exist, or heretofore have existed upon any theory of law or equity
 
now existing or coming into existence in the future, including, but not limited to, conduct which is negligent, intentional, with or without malice, or a breach of any duty, law or rule, without regard to the subsequent discovery or existence of such different or additional facts. The Settling Parties acknowledge, and the Juniper shareholders shall be deemed by operation of the Judgment to have acknowledged, that the foregoing waiver was separately bargained for and is a key element of the settlement of which this release is a part.
     1.31 "Unreleased and Assigned Claims" means (a) any and all claims rights, defenses, or causes of action that arise from or relate to the matters or occurrences that were alleged in the Actions that have been, could be, or may be asserted by or on behalf of Juniper against Lisa Berry, Marcel Gani and Scott Kriens, including but not limited to any claims further described in this Stipulation and its attachments; (b) any claims for contribution or indemnity in the Securities Fraud Action; or (c) any claims against any insurers, co-insurers, or reinsurers of the Settling Defendants. Any and all such claims are expressly reserved and not waived and are irrevocably assigned to Juniper.
     
2. Financial and Corporate Governance Benefits To Juniper; Consideration To Juniper
     2.1 Juniper acknowledges that the commencement and prosecution of the Actions were a material factor in: (a) the agreements to increase the exercise price of certain outstanding options detailed below; (b) the decision not to extend the exercise period for certain options held by defendant Gani, which expired unexercised; (c) the adoption of the corporate governance reforms adopted and/or to be implemented by Juniper detailed below; and (d) the identification and assignment to Juniper of the Unreleased and Assigned Claims against defendant Berry and the Non-Released Defendants. Juniper and the Special Litigation Committee acknowledge that items (a)  (d) above confer a substantial benefit upon Juniper and its shareholders.
     2.2 Financial Benefits. In connection with the filing and prosecution of the Actions, defendants Sindhu, Sclavos and Stensrud have offered and agreed to the repricing of certain stock options they received that required measurement date corrections. For these options, none of which have been exercised, defendants Sindhu, Sclavos and Stensrud agreed that the exercise price will be
 
increased so as to be equal to the fair market value of Juniper's stock on the corrected grant date as determined by Juniper in connection with the Restatement. In addition, in December 2006, while the Actions were pending and as a result of the Actions, Juniper's Board of Directors declined to extend the option exercise period for defendant Gani for certain outstanding, properly priced options that were due to expire 30 days after his departure from Juniper. These vested options, therefore, expired unexercised. The Settling Defendants acknowledge that the Actions were a material factor in the decision of these defendants to agree to confer such financial benefits to Juniper, and Juniper and the Special Litigation Committee acknowledge that such contributions confer a substantial benefit to Juniper as part of the settlement of the Actions.
     2.3 The agreed-upon intrinsic value of the Financial Benefits to Juniper enumerated in Section 2.2 above from defendants Sindhu, Sclavos, Stensrud and Gani is $22,697,377.27. Of that amount, the estimated value retained by Juniper regarding the expiration of defendant Gani's vested options unexercised was $1,687,977.27. The specific calculation as to each of these defendants is set forth in Exhibit B hereto.
     2.3 Corporate Governance Benefits. Set forth below are valuable corporate governance modifications that Juniper adopted after the filing of the Actions or will adopt as a result of the settlement of the Actions and will maintain for a period of five years after the Effective Date. In the event any corporate governance modification listed below conflicts with any law, rule, or regulation (including but not limited to regulations of any stock exchange on which Juniper securities are listed), Juniper shall not be required to implement or maintain such modification. If any of the modifications or practices requires stockholder approval, then the implementation of such modifications or practices will remain subject to receipt of such approval.
     
I. Stock Option Granting Practices and Procedures
          1. In February 2007, the Company established a schedule for granting equity awards as follows:
 
               (a) New hire and ad hoc promotional and adjustment grants to non-executive employees shall be granted monthly effective on the third Friday of the month (except as described below).
               (b) A meeting of the Stock Committee shall be scheduled for a time on the third Friday of the month or preceding it. If the meeting occurs prior to the third Friday, the grant shall be made effective on the third Friday.
               (c) If a quorum of the Stock Committee is not available for a meeting on the third Friday of the month or preceding it, a meeting will be scheduled as soon thereafter as practical. If the meeting is held after the third Friday of the month, such grant shall be made effective the date of such meeting.
               (d) Focal grants will also be scheduled to occur on the same date as a monthly grant and shall be approved by the Stock Committee in the manner described above.
               (e) Grants in connection with acquisitions shall, unless a date is specified in the acquisition agreement, occur to the extent practical on a date on which equity awards to Company employees are made by the Stock Committee.
               (f) Annual equity awards to Section 16 officers will be generally scheduled to be approved at a meeting of the Compensation Committee in the first quarter after the Q4 earnings announcement and prior to March 1 (or one week after the filing of the Form 10-K for 2006). The annual grants to Section 16 persons should also be made effective on the third Friday of the month if the meeting approving such grants occurs on or before such date. If a quorum of the Compensation Committee is not available for a meeting on or before the third Friday of the month, a meeting shall be scheduled as soon as possible. In February 2008, the Board added the requirement that, if the meeting approving such grants occurs after the third Friday of February, the grants shall be made effective as of the next third Friday of the month (for example, if the meeting approving the grants occurs on March 10, the grants will be made effective upon the third Friday of March).
               (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company is advised by outside counsel that the granting of equity awards on a particular date or to particular recipients, or prior to the disclosure of certain non-public information, could reasonably be deemed to be a violation of
 
applicable laws or regulations, such grants may be delayed until such time as the granting of those awards would be not reasonably expected to constitute a violation.
               (h) If making a particular monthly grant would cause the Company to exceed any granting limitation imposed by the Board or Compensation Committee (such as the annual run-rate limit), the monthly grant shall be delayed until the first subsequent month in which the limitation would not be exceeded.
               (i) If the making of a grant would cause the Company to violate the terms of any agreement approved by the Board or a Committee of the Board, such grant shall be delayed until it would not be in violation of such agreement.
          2. One of (a) outside corporate counsel or (b) the General Counsel or (c) the Chief Financial Officer of the Company or (d) a representative of the General Counsel or Chief Financial Officer shall attend any meeting of the Compensation Committee or Stock Committee where options are granted and minutes of such meeting shall be prepared within five (5) business days thereafter.
          3. Options shall be granted at exercise prices consistent with the Company's equity grant plans and applicable law. The Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan applicable to U.S. employees requires that all options be granted at an exercise price of at least 100 percent of fair market value (defined in as the Company's closing stock price on the date of the grant or, if the date of grant is not a trading day, the closing price on the most recent trading day). With respect to options granted to foreign employees, exercise price is determined in accordance with the terms of the Company's equity incentive plan(s) then in effect and applicable law (which may require fair market value to be determined based on an average or other mechanism.
          4. Outstanding options may not be repriced without shareholder approval.
          5. The Company shall continue to retain copies of Board, Compensation Committee and Stock Committee actions approving equity incentive grants for at least seven years.
          6. The Company has implemented a policy providing that, where vesting provisions of existing options grants are expressly modified, the Company's Finance Department shall be notified promptly of any such modification.
 
     
II. The Compensation Committee
          1. The Company revised the Compensation Committee's Charter to provide as follows:
               (a) The Compensation Committee shall develop in consultation with both management and outside advisors and present to the Board for approval an equity award granting policy that has the following goals:
                    (i) cause (subject to applicable legal and accounting requirements) all option grants, whether to directors, officers, employees or consultants, to be made on a predetermined schedule.
                    (ii) encourage the use of meetings of the Compensation Committee or Stock Committee to approve equity awards.
          2. The following subsection was also added to the Compensation Committee's Charter under "Responsibilities":
               (a) The Compensation Committee shall review at least annually the Company's policy regarding the frequency and schedule for equity awards to employees and directors and shall make recommendation to the Board of such changes as the Compensation Committee deems appropriate.
          3. The Compensation Committee's Charter was amended to authorize the Compensation Committee to grant equity awards to employees, directors, and consultants to the extent permitted, and in accordance with the terms of, the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan and any other equity benefit plans adopted by the Company, with such authority to be in addition to, and not in limitation of, the authority of the Board or Stock Committee to grant equity awards.
          4. The Company shall amend the Compensation Committee's Charter to provide that: All approvals of option grants by the Board of Directors, the Stock Committee, or the Compensation Committee shall be made at a meeting, which may be either in-person or telephonic, and not by unanimous written consent, except that this requirement shall not apply to Board actions, such as the appointment of new directors, as to which the granting of options is incidental to the primary Board action. In the event the Board elects a new director by unanimous written consent
 
and grants options in connection with that appointment, the election, option grant, and action by unanimous written consent shall be disclosed in the Company's next Form 10-Q or Form 10-K filed after any such action.
          5. The Company shall amend the Compensation Committee Charter to provide that the Compensation Committee shall annually select and retain an independent consultant to conduct a comparative study of the Company's executive compensation policies, practices, and procedures relative to other public companies and prepare and submit to the Compensation Committee a report and recommendations. The Compensation Committee will consider any recommendations of the independent consultant, and applicable Securities and Exchange Commission guidance, with respect to the adoption of a procedure for a shareholder vote on an advisory resolution with regard to the report of the Compensation Committee set forth in the annual proxy statement. The Compensation Committee will also consult with the independent consultant regarding the advisability of paying all of the directors' annual fees in stock rather than cash.
          6. The Company shall enact a policy that no director shall serve on the Compensation Committee for more than ten (10) years after the date of the Company's next election of directors in 2008.
     
III. The Stock Committee
          1. The Stock Committee's Charter was revised to provide that:
               (a) The Stock Committee shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Board a report summarizing the Company's granting activity for the preceding fiscal quarter; provided however, that if such a report is provided by the Company to the Board this obligation shall be deemed fulfilled.
          2. The Stock Committee's Charter was revised to provide that the Stock Committee is authorized to grant equity awards, including but not limited to stock options, restricted stock units, or restricted stock, under the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan or other stock option or equity plans to employees and consultants who are not Section 16 reporting officers; provided the total number of options granted during any calendar year may not exceed 32 million shares (or if greater, the annual run rate for equity grants approved by the Board or Compensation
 
Committee for that calendar year, less any grants made by, or reserved for future grant by, the Board or other Committees that are included in such run rate limitation); and provided further that no single award to an individual shall exceed 300,000 shares; and provided further that the exercise price of stock options granted by the Committee shall be not less than the Fair Market Value as defined in the applicable equity plan.
          3. The Stock Committee's Charter shall be revised to provide the following restrictions on the Stock Committee's granting powers:
               (a) The Stock Committee is authorized to grant equity awards, including but not limited to stock options, restricted stock units, or restricted stock, under the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan or other stock option or equity plans to employees and consultants who are not Section 16 reporting officers; provided the total number of options granted during any calendar year may not exceed 32 million shares (or if greater, the annual run rate for equity grants approved by the Board or Compensation Committee for that calendar year, less any grants made by, or reserved for future grant by, the Board or other Committees that are included in such run rate limitation); and provided further that no single award to an individual shall exceed 300,000 shares; and provided further that the exercise price of stock options granted by the Committee shall be not less than the Fair Market Value as defined in the applicable equity plan or, with respect to options granted to foreign employees, the exercise price shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Company's equity incentive plan(s) then in effect and applicable law (which may require fair market value to be determined based on an average or other mechanism).
     
IV. The Audit Committee
          1. The Company amended the "Responsibilities" section of the Audit Committee's Charter by the addition of the following subsection (t):
(t) Requiring the Company's independent auditors to confirm each year that the audit scope included review of the Company's stock option granting process.
          2. The Audit Committee shall appoint a director (or vice president) of Internal Audit who will report directly to the Audit Committee, communicate regularly with the Audit
 
Committee, be invited to attend all Audit Committee meetings, and meet at least quarterly with the Audit Committee.
     
V. Other Corporate Governance Modifications
          1. The Company's Corporate Governance Standards were revised to provide that:
"The Compensation Committee is also authorized to approve equity awards to employees and consultants." and that "the Board has delegated certain authority to a Stock Committee comprised of officers and directors. The Stock Committee is authorized to approve equity awards to non-Section 16 reporting employees and consultants within certain limitations established by the Board of Directors."
          2. The Company's Board of Directors adopted a resolution requiring that, following the end of each of the next three fiscal years, the Company's Internal Audit function shall deliver a report to the Board assessing the Company's stock option granting practices for the immediately preceding fiscal year (the first such report would cover 2007 and would be delivered in early 2008).
          3. The Company shall revise its articles of incorporation and/or by-laws to provide that at least two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors must be independent as defined by the requirements of the exchange on which the Company's securities are listed and any other requirements of applicable law, provided, that in the event one or more directors become non-independent or resign and such change causes the proportion of independent directors to be less than two-thirds of the Board, the Company shall have 150 days from the effective date of such determination or resignation to elect a new independent director. Independence shall be determined in accordance with the then applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the primary stock exchange on which the Company's stock is traded.
          4. The Company's Corporate Governance Standards shall be amended to require that each independent director shall promptly inform the Board of any change in his or her employment status to enable the Board to consider the director's independence.
          5. The Company amended its Corporate Governance Standards to provide for the appointment of a Lead Independent Director by the independent directors of the Board of Directors. Unless the Chairman of the Board is an independent director, the independent directors shall
 
annually elect or reaffirm by majority vote a Lead Independent Director. In addition to the duties of all Board members, which shall not be limited or diminished by the Lead Independent Director's role, the specific responsibilities or powers of the Lead Independent Director shall be to:
               (a) provide the Chairman of the Board with input as to an appropriate schedule of Board meetings;
               (b) provide the Chairman of the Board with input as to the preparation of agendas for Board meetings;
               (c) provide the Chairman of the Board with input as to the quality, quantity, and timeliness of the flow of information from the Company's management that is necessary for the independent directors to effectively and responsibly perform their duties; and although the Company's management is responsible for the preparation of materials for the Board, the Lead Independent Director may specifically request the inclusion of certain material;
               (d) make recommendations to the Chairman of the Board regarding the retention of consultants who report directly to the Board (other than consultants who are selected by the various committees of the Board);
               (e) preside at executive sessions of the independent directors, which shall be held at least quarterly; and
               (f) act as a liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman of the Board on sensitive issues.
          6. The Company shall revise its Corporate Governance Standards to provide that independent directors may serve on the Board for no more than a total of 10 years, provided, that for current directors, the ten-year period shall begin after the date of the election of the Company's directors in 2008.
          7. The Company shall amend its Corporate Governance Standards to provide that unless approved by a majority of independent directors, no director may serve on more than three publicly traded company boards, excluding the Company's Board (with no specific limitation on service on the Boards of nonprofit organizations or privately held companies).
 
          8. The Company shall require that each member of the Board attend the Vanderbilt Directors' College, Stanford Law School Directors' College or other similar program(s) within two years of court approval of the settlement (unless they have attended such a program within the last two years). The Company will adopt a program for reimbursing directors for attending continuing director education.
          9. The Company shall ensure that the written charters of each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the Stock Committee shall be posted on the Company's website and that each of the foregoing committees shall meet no fewer than three times per year.
          10. The Company amended its Corporate Governance Standards to provide that the Board and each Committee of the Board has the authority to obtain advice and assistance from internal or outside legal, accounting or other advisors as such body deems necessary or appropriate to carry out its duties.
          11. The Company shall amend its Corporate Governance Standards to provide that, absent extraordinary circumstances, each member of the Board of Directors is strongly encouraged to attend each annual shareholder meeting in person.
          12. The Company's Board of Directors adopted a resolution providing that:
The Company shall, under direction of the CEO, establish cross-functional training for personnel in areas associated with the stock option granting process:
 
          13. The Board revised the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter to provide that the committee "shall establish and review annually a training program for directors regarding equity award practices."
          14. The Board shall establish a procedure under which a an independent director of the Company shall consult with the Company's largest shareholders (those holding at least 10% of the Company's outstanding common stock) to solicit their suggestions for potential candidates for election the Board as independent directors and the Board's Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall consider any candidates identified by such shareholders.
          15. The Company shall continue its current practice, under which the Compensation Committee and the Audit Committee each have at least one member who is not on the other of those two committees.
          16. The Company shall ensure that, consistent with applicable rules governing auditor rotation, the engagement partner of the Company's independent auditor shall rotate off the Company's account after completion of the filing of the Company's Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and every seven years thereafter.
          17. The Board shall implement a policy requiring the Company to seek repayment to the Company of certain bonus and incentive compensation payments under the following circumstances:
               (a) If the Company is required to prepare an accounting restatement on an annual financial statement included in a report on Form 10-K, each of the chief executive officer and chief financial officer must deposit or cause to be deposited into an escrow account (reasonably acceptable to the Company) for the benefit of the Company, the following: the difference (if any) between (i) the amount of any cash bonus or incentive compensation for each of the applicable years covered by such restated financial statements previously paid to that officer minus (ii) the amount of such cash bonus or incentive compensation that would have been earned by that officer for each of
 
the applicable years had the cash bonus or incentive compensation been determined based on the information contained in the restated financial statements.
               (b) If a court or arbitrator or a committee of independent directors determines that the financial restatement was not due to the gross recklessness or intentional misconduct of the chief executive officer causing material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, then the amount deposited by the chief executive officer into escrow shall be returned to the chief executive officer, together with interest accrued thereon.
               (c) If a court or arbitrator or a committee of independent directors determines that the financial restatement was not due to the gross recklessness or intentional misconduct of the chief financial officer causing material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the federal securities laws, then the amount deposited by the chief financial officer into escrow shall be returned to the chief financial officer, together with interest accrued thereon.
          18. The Company shall review its arrangements with respect to directors' and officers' liability insurance and consider whether any modifications are necessary and appropriate.
          19. The Company shall revise its existing Insider Trading Policy to provide that:
               (a) The Juniper Board shall appoint a committee consisting of the Company's CFO and General Counsel, which committee shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with the Company's stock trading policy. That Committee will be designated the "Trading Compliance Committee," and will be responsible for developing (with Board involvement), presenting to the Board for approval, and monitoring and updating (with Board involvement and approval) an insider trading compliance program (the "Trading Compliance Program"). The Board will be responsible for direct oversight of the Trading Compliance Program and the Trading Compliance Committee, and the outside director (non-management) members of the Board will have direct access to the Trading Compliance Committee, including the opportunity to meet with the Trading Compliance Committee outside the presence of any other member of management. In addition to the above:
 
                    (i) the Committee shall be responsible for pre-clearing all transactions by the Company's directors or those employees subject to 16 of the Securities Exchange Act (although the Committee may adopt processes to enable the delegation of approval to a representative in the event of a member's absence or unavailability).
                    (ii) Juniper shall require the public disclosure of all sales or purchases of the Company's stock by any Section 16 officers or directors within two business days of such purchase or sale. Using Company stock or options to secure any loan to a Section 16 officer or director or engaging in a swap, forward contract or other similar contract involving a Section 16 officer's or director's stock shall be considered a "sale" and so disclosed. The Company will take reasonable steps to ensure that all directors and Section 16 officers file all trading forms required by them to be filed by the SEC concerning trading by directors, officers, and executive employees of the Company.
                    (iii) Failure to comply with the Company's trading policy shall result in appropriate sanctions, which could include disgorgement by the individual to the Company of all profits from the transaction, termination, or other appropriate disciplinary action.
                    (iv) No Section 16 officer or director shall directly or indirectly "short" the Company's stock or engage in "put" or call transactions involving the Company's stock.
          20. The Company shall enact a policy to ensure that, aside from meeting-related expenses such as airfare, hotel accommodations and modest travel/accident insurance, non-employee directors shall receive no other perquisites. Health, life and other forms of insurance, matching grants to charities, financial planning, automobile allowances and other similar perquisites shall not be provided as benefits to non-employee directors.
          21. The Company shall enact a policy requiring that non-employee directors shall not be eligible to receive any cash change-in-control payments or cash severance arrangements of any kind.
     2.4 Assignment of Claims to Juniper. Plaintiffs irrevocably assign to Juniper all claims that were or could have been asserted in the Actions that arise from or relate to the matters or occurrences that were alleged in the Actions, including but not limited to all Unreleased and
 
Assigned Claims against defendant Berry and the Non-Released Defendants. In connection therewith, the State Derivative Plaintiffs, the Settling Defendants, and Juniper (without admitting but denying any liability or wrongdoing) agree to consent to the following:
     (a) (i) a stipulation or motion to amend the State Derivative Complaint as against defendant Berry, or (ii) the execution of a tolling/stay agreement between the Company and defendant Berry to preserve the Company's right to file such an amendment;
     (b) a stipulation or motion to extend the stay as to remaining defendant Berry pending further development of the record in , Civil Action No. C 07 4431 (N.D. Cal.) (RMW) (HRL), and any other governmental actions that may be brought against Berry relating to or arising out of her conduct while employed by Juniper,
Securities and Exchange Commission v. Lisa C. Berry
     (c) a stipulation or motion to dismiss without prejudice all claims against the Non-Released Defendants. The Non-Released Defendants have executed tolling agreements with the Company that preserve the Company's right to assert claims against them in the future, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibit A;
     (d) a stipulation or motion to dismiss with prejudice all claims against the Released Defendants who are defendants in the State Derivative Lawsuit, hereto; and
     (e) a proposed Order granting the foregoing stipulations and/or motions.
     2.5 The Special Litigation Committee will take reasonable steps to try to resolve the Securities Fraud Action in a manner that minimizes the cost to Juniper.
     
3. Procedure For Implementing The Settlement
     3.1 By August 25, 2008, in accordance with the Federal Court's order dated July 7, 2008, Lead Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action shall submit the Stipulation together with its exhibits to the Federal Court and shall apply for entry of an order substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, requesting, , the preliminary approval of the Settlement set forth in the Stipulation, and approval for the filing and publication of the Settlement Notice substantially in the form of Exhibit C-l hereto, which shall include the general terms of the Settlement set forth in the Stipulation, including but not limited to the general terms of the fees and expenses to be paid and the
inter alia
 
date of the Settlement Hearing as defined below. Within ten (10) days of the issuance of the preliminary approval, Juniper shall cause the Stipulation to be filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on Form 8-K, shall publish the Settlement Notice in , and shall post the Settlement Notice on its website. All costs in identifying and notifying Juniper's stockholders of the Settlement, including the filing of the Notice and the publication of the Summary Notice, will be paid by Juniper. If additional notice is required by the Federal Court, the cost and administration of such additional notice will be borne by Juniper.
Investor's Business Daily
     3.2 The Settling Parties will request that after the Notice is given, the Federal Court hold a hearing (the "Settlement Hearing") to consider and determine whether the Federal Order and Judgment substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto should be entered: (a) approving the terms of the Settlement as fair and reasonable and adequate, including the payment of attorneys' fees and expenses in the amount negotiated by the Parties; (b) ordering that Juniper be substituted as the Plaintiff in the Federal Action and that all claims asserted therein be deemed assigned to Juniper ; (c) dismissing without prejudice all claims asserted in the operative Federal Complaint against the Non-Released Defendants; (d) dismissing with prejudice all claims asserted in the Federal Complaint against any of the Released Defendants who are defendants in the Federal Derivative Action; and (e) expressly providing that all claims possessed by Juniper against defendant Berry and the Non-Released Defendants are preserved and may be pursued in the State Derivative Action or in other actions.
nunc pro tunc
     3.3 Within no later than 10 days after entry of the Federal Order and Judgment as set forth above in 3.2, Lead Counsel in the State Derivative Action shall execute and cause to be filed in the State Court a stipulation or Motion for Approval of Settlement and to Extend Stay, which attaches thereto the Stipulation of Settlement (including all exhibits thereto) and (if entered) the Federal Order and Judgment, and which seeks an Order:
     (a) approving the Settlement;
     (b) substituting Juniper Networks, Inc. as the Plaintiff in the State Derivative Action;
 
     (c) dismissing without prejudice those claims pending against the Non-Released Defendants on the basis of the tolling agreements entered into between Juniper and each of the Non-Released Defendants;
     (d) dismissing with prejudice all claims against the Settling Defendants who are defendants in the State Derivative Action; and
     (e) extending the stay in the State Derivative Action, which is not being dismissed as to remaining defendant Berry, pending further development of the record in , Civil Action No. C07 4431 (N.D. Cal.) (RMW) (HRL) and any other governmental actions that may be brought against defendant Berry relating to or arising out of her conduct while employed by Juniper; and
Securities and Exchange Commission v. Lisa C. Berry
     (f) granting Juniper's motion to file an amended complaint asserting restated claims against Defendant Berry, in the event, pursuant to Section 3.4, Juniper determines to file such an amended complaint.
     3.4 The Special Litigation Committee, on behalf of Juniper, shall seek to enter into a tolling/stay agreement with defendant Berry with respect to the restated claims that could be asserted against defendant Berry in a Second Amended and Supplemental Consolidated Complaint in the State Derivative Action that will permit Juniper to assert such claims in the future, or, in the event that defendant Berry does not enter into such a tolling/stay agreement, Counsel for Juniper shall execute and cause to be filed in the State Court a motion as provided for in Section 3.3(f) to amend the State Derivative Complaint to restate claims against defendant Berry, together with a proposed Second Amended and Supplemental Consolidated Complaint.
     3.5 The Federal Court's entry of the Federal Order and Judgment and the State Court's entry of Orders approving the Settlement and dismissing claims against the Settling Defendants shall in no way prejudice the right of Juniper to pursue litigation arising out of or relating to the allegations in the Actions, against defendant Berry and/or the Non-Released Defendants.
     
4. Releases
     4.1 Upon the Effective Date, as defined in 1.3 and 6.1, Juniper, Plaintiffs (acting on their own behalf and derivatively on behalf of Juniper), and each of Juniper's shareholders (solely in
 
their capacity as Juniper shareholders) shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever released, relinquished and discharged the Released Claims against the Released Persons and any and all claims (including Unknown Claims) arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the defense, settlement or resolution of the Actions against the Released Persons, , that nothing herein shall release any claim that has been, could have been or may be asserted by Juniper, or derivatively on its behalf, against Lisa Berry, Marcel Gani, or Scott Kriens arising out of or related to the events giving rise to the Actions, and , that nothing herein shall in any way impair or restrict the rights of any Settling Party to enforce the terms of the Stipulation.
provided
provided further
     4.2 Upon the Effective Date, as defined in 1.3 and 6.1, Juniper, the Special Litigation Committee, Plaintiffs (acting on their own behalf and, derivatively on behalf of Juniper), and each of Juniper's shareholders (solely in their capacity as Juniper shareholders) will be forever barred and enjoined from commencing, instituting or prosecuting any of the Released Claims or any action or other proceeding against any of the Released Persons based on the Released Claims or any action or proceeding, arising out of, related to, or in connection with the Settlement or resolution of the Actions, , that nothing herein shall release any claim that has been, could have been or may be asserted by Juniper, or derivatively on its behalf, against Lisa Berry, Marcel Gani, or Scott Kriens arising out of or related to the events giving rise to the Actions, and , that nothing herein shall in any way impair or restrict the rights of any Settling Party to enforce the terms of the Stipulation.
provided
provided further
     4.3 Upon the Effective Date, as defined in 1.3 and 6.1, each of the Released Persons shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever released, relinquished and discharged each and all of the Plaintiffs, Plaintiffs' Counsel, Juniper, the Special Litigation Committee, and all of the Juniper shareholders (solely in their capacity as Juniper shareholders) from all claims (including Unknown Claims), arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the institution, prosecution, assertion, settlement or resolution of the Actions or the Released Claims. Notwithstanding the definition of Released Claims, the Settling Defendants reserve their indemnification, contribution and advancement rights and defenses under Juniper's by-
 
laws, Juniper's articles of incorporation, their agreements, Delaware law, and any other applicable authority in connection with the Securities Fraud Action. Nothing herein shall in any way impair or restrict the rights of any Settling Party to enforce the terms of the Stipulation.
     
5. Plaintiffs' Counsel's Attorneys' Fees and Expenses
     5.1 After negotiation of the material terms of the Settlement, Plaintiffs and the Special Litigation Committee, with the assistance of the Mediator, negotiated the attorneys' fees that Juniper would pay to Plaintiffs' Counsel, subject to Court approval. As a result of those negotiations, Juniper has agreed to pay $9,000,000 to Plaintiffs' Counsel, subject to Court approval, for their fees and expenses.
     5.2 Within ten (10) business days of issuance of an Order by the Federal Court finally approving the Settlement, Juniper will make payment of the attorneys' fees and expenses finally approved by the Federal Court (the "Fee and Expense Award") to Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins LLP. These funds shall be held by Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins LLP, as receiving agent for Plaintiffs' Counsel, in a client trust account until such time as they are allocated, as set forth below, among Plaintiffs' Counsel. Each Plaintiff's Counsel receiving such an allocation agrees to make a refund or repayment of the principal amount and any accrued interest thereon it received if and when, as a result of any further Order of the Federal Court, appeal, further proceedings on remand, or successful collateral attack the Settlement does not become Final. Such funds shall be allocated only by unanimous agreement of Plaintiffs' Lead Counsel who shall allocate and disburse the Fee and Expense Award among Plaintiffs' Counsel in a manner that they in good faith believe reflects the contribution of such counsel to the institution, prosecution and resolution of the Actions. The Fee and Expense Award shall constitute full and complete compensation for all of Plaintiffs' Counsel's services in the Actions.
     5.3 Upon payment of the Fee and Expense Award, the Settling Defendants, Juniper and the Special Litigation Committee shall be discharged from any further liability for payment of Plaintiffs' attorney fees, costs, or expenses in the Actions. Except as expressly provided herein, Plaintiffs and Plaintiffs' Counsel shall bear their own fees, costs and expenses, and no Released Person shall assert any claim for expenses, costs or fees against any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs' Counsel.
 
     5.4 Juniper, the Special Litigation Committee, and the Settling Defendants, and each of their Related Parties, shall have no responsibility for, and no liability whatsoever with respect to, the division or allocation of the Fee and Expense Award by with respect to any person, entity or law firm who may assert some claim thereto.
     5.5 Any order or proceeding (or any portion thereof) relating solely to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses, or any appeal from any order (or any portion thereof) relating thereto or reversal or modification thereof, shall have no effect on the Settlement and shall not operate to terminate or cancel this Stipulation or to affect or delay the finality of the Order and Final Judgment approving this Stipulation.
     6.1 The Effective Date of the Stipulation shall be conditioned on the occurrence of all of the following events:
     (a) the approval of the terms of the Settlement by the Special Litigation Committee on behalf of Juniper;
     (b) the adjustments of the exercise price of options described in 2.2 and the expiration of Defendant Gani's unexercised options as set forth in 2.2;
     (c) the entry by the Federal Court of the Federal Order and Judgment substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto;
     (d) the entry by the State Court of an Order (i) approving the Settlement, (ii) substituting Juniper Networks, Inc. as the plaintiff; (iii) dismissing with prejudice all claims against the Released Defendants, (iv) dismissing without prejudice all claims against the Non-Released Defendants, and (v) extending the stay as to remaining defendant Berry pending further development of the record in , Civil Action No. C07 4431 (N.D. Cal.) (RMW) (HRL) and any other governmental actions that may be brought against defendant Berry relating to or arising out of her conduct while employed by Juniper;
Securities and Exchange Commission v. Lisa C. Berry
 
     (e) the payment by Juniper of the Fee and Expense Award in accordance with 5.2 hereof; and
     (f) each of the following has become Final: (i) the Federal Order and Judgment described in 6.1(c) above; and (ii) the State Order approving the Settlement and dismissing all claims against Settling Defendants as described in 6.1(d) above.
     6.2 If any of the conditions specified in 6.1 are not met, then the Stipulation shall be canceled and terminated subject to 6.3, and the Settling Parties shall be restored to their respective positions in the Actions as of the last date on which a Settling Party has executed this Stipulation, unless Plaintiffs' Counsel and counsel for the Settling Parties mutually agree in writing to proceed with the Stipulation.
     6.3 If for any reason the Effective Date of the Stipulation does not occur, or if the Stipulation is in any way canceled or terminated or if any orders and judgments specified in 6.1(c) and 6.1(d) are successfully attacked collaterally, then the payments to Plaintiffs' Counsel pursuant to section 5, and any and all interest accrued thereon since payment, shall be returned to Juniper within ten (10) business days of said event. The return obligation set forth in this paragraph is the obligation of those plaintiffs' counsel who have received a payment in the Actions. Each such plaintiffs' counsel's law firm, as a condition of receiving such payment, agrees that the law firm and its partners and/or shareholders are subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the purposes of enforcing this subparagraph.
     6.4 In the event that the Stipulation or Settlement is not approved by the Federal Court and the State Court, or the Settlement is terminated for any reason, the Settling Parties shall be restored to their respective positions as of the date of the execution of this Stipulation, and all negotiations, proceedings, documents prepared and statements made in connection herewith shall be without prejudice to the Settling Parties, shall not be deemed or construed to be an admission by an Settling Party of any act, matter, or proposition and shall not be used in any manner for any purpose in any subsequent proceeding in the Actions or in any other action or proceeding. In such event, the terms and provisions of the Stipulation, with the exception of 1.1-1.31, 6.1-6.4, and 7.1-7.19 herein, shall have no further force and effect with respect to the Settling Parties and shall not be sued
 
in the Actions or in any other proceeding for any purpose, and any judgment or orders entered by the Court in accordance with the terms of the Stipulation shall be treated as vacated, .
nunc pro tunc
     
7. Miscellaneous Provisions
     7.1 The Settling Parties acknowledge that the Special Litigation Committee, its counsel, and the forensic accounting consultants retained by its counsel, are disinterested and independent under Delaware and California law.
     7.2 The Settling Parties (a) acknowledge that it is their intent to consummate this Stipulation; and (b) agree to cooperate to the extent reasonably necessary to effectuate and implement all terms and conditions of the Stipulation and to exercise their best efforts to accomplish the foregoing terms and conditions of the Stipulation.
     7.3 Pending final determination of whether the Settlement should be approved, all proceedings and all further activity between the Settling Parties regarding or directed towards the Actions, save for those activities and proceedings relating to this Stipulation and the Settlement, shall be stayed.
     7.4 Pending the Effective Date of this Stipulation or the termination of the Stipulation according to its terms, Plaintiffs and their Related Persons are barred and enjoined from commencing, prosecuting, instigating, or in any way participating in the commencement or prosecution of any action asserting any Released Claims against any Released Person.
     7.5 The Settling Parties intend this settlement to be a final and complete resolution of all disputes between Plaintiffs and the Settling Defendants, and between Plaintiffs and Berry, with respect to the Actions. The settlement compromises claims which are contested and shall not be deemed an admission by any Settling Party as to the merits of any claim, allegation or defense. While Settling Defendants deny that the claims advanced in the Actions are meritorious, these Defendants and the Special Litigation Committee on behalf of Juniper agree that, in any statement made to any media representative (whether or not for attribution), they will not assert that the Actions were not filed in good faith and in accordance with the applicable federal rules, including, without limitation, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 and all other similar laws, including California Code of Civil Procedure 128.7. The Settling Parties further agree that the claims are
 
being settled voluntarily after consultation with competent legal counsel. The Settling Parties will jointly request that the Judgment contain a finding that during the course of the litigation, the parties and their respective counsel at all times complied with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 and all other similar laws, including California Code of Civil Procedure 128.7.
     7.6 Neither the Stipulation (including any exhibits attached hereto) nor the Settlement, nor any act performed or document executed pursuant to or in furtherance of the Stipulation or the settlement: (a) is or may be deemed to be or may be offered, attempted to be offered or used in any way by the Settling Parties as a presumption, a concession or an admission of, or evidence of, any fault, wrongdoing or liability of the Settling Parties or of the validity of any Released Claims; or (b) is intended by the Settling Parties to be offered or received as evidence or used by any other person in any other actions or proceedings, whether civil, criminal or administrative. The Released Persons and the Non-Released Defendants may file the Stipulation and/or the Judgment in any action that may be brought against them in order to support a defense or counterclaim based on principles of , collateral estoppel, full faith and credit, release, standing, good faith settlement, judgment bar or reduction or any other theory of claim preclusion or issue preclusion or similar defense or counterclaim, except that the Non-Released Defendants shall not file or assert the Stipulation and/or Judgment to support a defense or counterclaim in an action brought by the Company or the Special Litigation Committee; and any of the Settling Parties may file the Stipulation and documents executed pursuant and in furtherance thereto in any action to enforce the Settlement.
res judicata
     7.7 The exhibits to this Stipulation are material and integral parts hereof and are fully incorporated herein by this reference.
     7.8 The Stipulation may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by or on behalf of all Settling Parties or their respective successors-in-interest.
     7.9 This Stipulation and the exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire agreement among the Settling Parties and no representations, warranties or inducements have been made to any Settling Party concerning the Stipulation or any of its exhibits other than the representations,
 
warranties and covenants contained and memorialized in such documents. Except as otherwise provided herein, each Settling Party shall bear its own costs.
     7.10 Plaintiffs' Lead Counsel are expressly authorized by the Plaintiffs to take all appropriate action required or permitted to be taken pursuant to the Stipulation to effectuate its terms and also are expressly authorized by the Plaintiffs to enter into any modifications or amendments to the Stipulation which they deem appropriate on behalf of the Plaintiffs.
     7.11 Each counsel or other Person executing the Stipulation or its Exhibits on behalf of any Settling Party hereby warrants that such Person has the full authority to do so.
     7.12 The Stipulation may be executed in one or more counterparts. A faxed signature shall be deemed an original signature for the purposes of this Stipulation. All executed counterparts and each of them shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. A complete set of counterparts, either originally executed or copies thereof, shall be filed with the Federal Court and, thereafter, with the State Court.
     7.13 The Stipulation shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors and assigns of the Settling Parties and the Released Persons.
     7.14 The Federal Court shall retain jurisdiction with respect to implementation and enforcement of the terms of the Stipulation, and the Settling Parties submit to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for purposes of implementing and enforcing the settlement embodied in the Stipulation.
     7.15 This Stipulation and the exhibits attached hereto shall be considered to have been negotiated, executed and delivered, and to be wholly performed, in the State of California, and the rights and obligations of the parties to the Stipulation shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and governed by, the internal, substantive laws of the State of California without giving effect to that State's choice of law principles.
     7.16 Plaintiffs hereby represent and warrant that they have not assigned any rights, claims or causes of action that were asserted or could have been asserted in connection with, under or arising out of the Released Claims.
 
     7.17 All agreements made and orders entered during the course of the Actions relating to the confidentiality of information shall survive this Stipulation.
     7.18 Without further order of the Federal Court, the Settling Parties may agree to reasonable extensions of time to carry out any of the provisions of this Stipulation.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Settling Parties have caused the Stipulation to be executed by their duly authorized attorneys and dated August 11, 2008.
 
 
 
     This Tolling Agreement is entered into between Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper" or "the Company"), by and through the Special Litigation Committee of its Board of Directors (the "SLC"), and Scott Kriens ("Kriens"). Juniper and Kriens are collectively referred to as "the Parties."
     WHEREAS, certain claims have been asserted against Kriens derivatively on behalf of Juniper in the following actions: , United States District Court for the Northern District of California, Case No. C 06-03396 JW; and , Santa Clara County Superior Court, Lead Case No. 1:06CV064294 (collectively, the "Derivative Actions");
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Actions
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation
     WHEREAS, the SLC has reached an agreement in principle with the plaintiffs in the Derivative Actions under which all claims asserted on Juniper's behalf in the Derivative Actions will be assigned to Juniper;
     WHEREAS, the SLC believes that the factual record with respect to the claims asserted against Kriens in the Derivative Actions may be incomplete at this time due to Lisa Berry's failure to cooperate in the investigations by Juniper's Audit Committee and SLC, and therefore the SLC has concluded, out of an abundance of caution, that the claims asserted against Kriens should be dismissed without prejudice and preserved so that the SLC can make a final determination, based upon further developments in the lawsuit and any other potential governmental actions against Defendant Berry arising out of or related to her conduct while employed at Juniper, as to whether the claims against Kriens should be pursued in whole or in part;
S.E.C. v. Berry
     NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
     1. This Tolling Agreement applies to any claims Juniper may have against Kriens arising out of or related to Juniper's stock option granting practices (including but not limited to any claims that have been asserted previously against Kriens in the Derivative Actions and are being assigned to Juniper in connection with the partial settlement of the Derivative Actions), and any counter-claims that Kriens may raise against Juniper in response to the assertion of such claims. Such claims and counter-claims are collectively referred to as "Claims" in this Tolling Agreement.
     2. Any statute of limitations and any other defense in law or equity relating solely to the passage of time is tolled from the Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement with respect to the Claims.
     3. Juniper will dismiss, without prejudice, all claims against Kriens in the Derivative Actions. In any subsequent action brought directly by Juniper against Kriens, or in the event Juniper seeks to add Kriens as a defendant in pending in California state court, referred to above, Kriens agrees not to raise as a defense the fact that Juniper's claims against him in the Derivative Actions were dismissed without prejudice.
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation
 
     4. Kriens agrees not to object to, or otherwise oppose the partial settlement of the Derivative Actions as set forth in that certain Stipulation of Settlement between Juniper and all parties to those actions except Kriens, Marcel Gani and Lisa Berry (attached hereto as Exhibit A).
     5. This Tolling Agreement may be terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties at any time. This Tolling Agreement may also be terminated unilaterally by either Party upon written notice to the other Party. In the case of termination by Kriens said notice shall be delivered by e-mail and registered mail to Scott B. Schreiber, Arnold & Porter, 555 Twelfth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20004, scott.schreiber@aporter.com; and in the case of termination by Juniper said notice shall be delivered by e-mail and registered mail to Nina F. Locker, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304, nlocker@wsgr.com. The termination pursuant to said notice shall be effective sixty (60) days after the date said notice is sent.
     6. Unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 4 above, this Tolling Agreement will automatically terminate twelve (12) months from its Effective Date.
     7. The Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement is the date of entry by the United States District Court for the Northern District of California of an Order dismissing without prejudice all claims asserted against Kriens in , United States District Court for the Northern District of California, Case No. C 06-03396 JW ..
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Actions
     8. Nothing in this Tolling Agreement shall be taken as an admission by any of the Parties as to the applicability, running, expiration or non-expiration of any statute of limitations or similar rule of law or equity prior to the Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement.
     9. Nothing in this Tolling Agreement shall have the effect of reviving any Claims that are otherwise barred by the applicable statute of limitations or similar rule of law or equity prior to the Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement.
     10. This Tolling Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to be, an admission or indication that either Party bears any actual or potential liability to any other person (whether or not a Party to this Tolling Agreement) on any claims whatsoever, nor shall it be asserted or construed to be a waiver of any claim that either Party may have against the other Party.
     11. No waiver, modification, extension or addition to this Tolling Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the Parties.
     12. This Tolling Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
     13. This Tolling Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns and legal representatives.
 
     14. This Tolling Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. A faxed signature shall be deemed an original signature for the purpose of this Tolling Agreement.
 
     This Tolling Agreement is entered into between Juniper Networks, Inc. ("Juniper" or "the Company"), by and through the Special Litigation Committee of its Board of Directors (the "SLC"), and Marcel Gani ("Gani"). Juniper and Gani are collectively referred to as "the Parties."
     WHEREAS, certain claims have been asserted against Gani derivatively on behalf of Juniper in the following actions: , United States District Court for the Northern District of California, Case No. C 06-03396 JW; and , Santa Clara County Superior Court, Lead Case No. 1:06CV064294 (collectively, the "Derivative Actions");
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Actions
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation
     WHEREAS, the SLC has reached an agreement in principle with the plaintiffs in the Derivative Actions under which all claims asserted on Juniper's behalf in the Derivative Actions will be assigned to Juniper;
     WHEREAS, the SLC believes that the factual record with respect to the claims asserted against Gani in the Derivative Actions may be incomplete at this time due to Lisa Berry's failure to cooperate in the investigations by Juniper's Audit Committee and SLC, and therefore the SLC has concluded, out of an abundance of caution, that the claims asserted against Gani should be dismissed without prejudice and preserved so that the SLC can make a final determination, based upon further developments in the lawsuit and any other potential governmental actions against Defendant Berry arising out of or related to her conduct while employed at Juniper, as to whether the claims against Gani should be pursued in whole or in part;
S.E.C. v. Berry
     NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
     1. This Tolling Agreement applies to any claims Juniper may have against Gani arising out of or related to Juniper's stock option granting practices (including but not limited to any claims that have been asserted previously against Gani in the Derivative Actions and are being assigned to Juniper in connection with the partial settlement of the Derivative Actions), and any counter-claims that Gani may raise against Juniper in response to the assertion of such claims. Such claims and counter-claims are collectively referred to as "Claims" in this Tolling Agreement.
     2. Any statute of limitations and any other defense in law or equity relating solely to the passage of time is tolled from the Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement with respect to the Claims.
     3. Juniper will dismiss, without prejudice, all claims against Gani in the Derivative Actions. In any subsequent action brought directly by Juniper against Gani, or in the event Juniper seeks to add Gani as a defendant in pending in California state court, referred to above, Gani agrees not to raise as a defense the fact that Juniper's claims against him in the Derivative Actions were dismissed without prejudice.
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation
 
     4. Gani agrees not to object to, or otherwise oppose the partial settlement of the Derivative Actions as set forth in that certain Stipulation of Settlement between Juniper and all parties to those actions except Gani, Scott Kriens, and Lisa Berry (attached hereto as Exhibit A).
     5. This Tolling Agreement may be terminated by mutual written agreement of the Parties at any time. This Tolling Agreement may also be terminated unilaterally by either Party upon written notice to the other Party. In the case of termination by Gani said notice shall be delivered by e-mail and registered mail to Scott B. Schreiber, Arnold & Porter, 555 Twelfth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20004, scott.schreiber@aporter.com; and in the case of termination by Juniper said notice shall be delivered by e-mail and registered mail to both Paul T. Friedman, Morrison & Foerster LLP, 425 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, pfriedman@mofo.com and Nina F. Locker, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304, nlocker@wsgr.com. The termination pursuant to said notice shall be effective sixty (60) days after the date said notice is sent.
     6. Unless terminated earlier pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 4 above, this Tolling Agreement will automatically terminate twelve (12) months from its Effective Date.
     7. The Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement is the date of entry by the United States District Court for the Northern District of California of an Order dismissing without prejudice all claims asserted against Gani in , United States District Court for the Northern District of California, Case No. C 06-03396 JW .
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Actions
     8. Nothing in this Tolling Agreement shall be taken as an admission by any of the Parties as to the applicability, running, expiration or non-expiration of any statute of limitations or similar rule of law or equity prior to the Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement.
     9. Nothing in this Tolling Agreement shall have the effect of reviving any Claims that are otherwise barred by the applicable statute of limitations or similar rule of law or equity prior to the Effective Date of this Tolling Agreement.
     10. This Tolling Agreement is not, and shall not be construed to be, an admission or indication that either Party bears any actual or potential liability to any other person (whether or not a Party to this Tolling Agreement) on any claims whatsoever, nor shall it be asserted or construed to be a waiver of any claim that either Party may have against the other Party.
     11. No waiver, modification, extension or addition to this Tolling Agreement shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the Parties.
     12. This Tolling Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.
     13. This Tolling Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns and legal representatives.
 
     14. This Tolling Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original. A faxed signature shall be deemed an original signature for the purpose of this Tolling Agreement.
 
 
 
 
     WHEREAS, the Settling Parties have made application, pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23.1, for an order (i) preliminarily approving the proposed partial settlement (the "Settlement") of the above-captioned shareholder derivative action ("Federal Derivative Action") and the related derivative action pending in the Superior Court of the State of California County of Santa Clara entitled , Lead Case No. 1:06-cv-064294 (the "State Derivative Action") (collectively, the "Actions"), in accordance with a Stipulation of Settlement dated August 11, 2008 and the exhibits thereto (the "Stipulation"), and (ii) approving for distribution of the Notice of Proposed Settlement;
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation
     WHEREAS, the Stipulation sets forth the terms and conditions for the Settlement, including but not limited to: (a) the assignment of all claims asserted in the Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action to Juniper Networks, Inc. and the substitution of Juniper as the plaintiff in the Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action; (b) a proposed Settlement and dismissal of the Actions with prejudice as to the Released Defendants; (c) the dismissal without prejudice of claims in the Actions against the Non-Released Defendants; (d) the preservation in the State Derivative Action of claims against defendant Lisa Berry and the Non-Released Defendants; (e) the continued stay of proceedings in the State Derivative Action; and (f) an award of attorneys' fees and costs to Plaintiffs in the Actions, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Stipulation;
     WHEREAS, the Settlement appears to be the product of serious, informed, non-collusive negotiations and falls within the range of possible approval;
     WHEREAS, all capitalized terms contained herein shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Stipulation (in addition to those capitalized terms defined herein); and
     WHEREAS, this Court, having considered the Stipulation and the Exhibits annexed thereto and having heard the arguments of the Settling Parties at the preliminary approval hearing:
     NOW THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED:
     1. This Court does hereby preliminarily approve, subject to further consideration at the Settlement Hearing described below, the Stipulation and the Settlement set forth therein, including the terms and conditions for: (a) the assignment of all claims asserted in the Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action to Juniper Networks, Inc. and the substitution of Juniper as
 
the plaintiff in the Federal Derivative Action and the State Derivative Action; (b) a proposed Settlement and dismissal of the Actions with prejudice as to the Released Defendants; (c) the dismissal without prejudice of claims in the Actions against the Non-Released Defendants; (d) the preservation in the State Derivative Action of claims against defendant Lisa Berry and the Non-Released Defendants; (e) the continued stay of proceedings in the State Derivative Action, to which the Non-Released Defendants consent; and (f) an award of attorneys' fees and costs to Plaintiffs in the Actions, upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Stipulation.
     2. A hearing (the "Settlement Hearing") shall be held before this Court on at ___.m. in Courtroom 8 of the United States District Court, Northern District of California San Jose Division, 280 South First Street, San Jose, CA 95113, to:
                    
                    
          (a) determine whether the terms and conditions of the Settlement provided for in the Stipulation are fair, reasonable, adequate and in the best interests of Juniper and current Juniper Stockholders;
          (b) consider an Order and Final Judgment (i) approving the Settlement in its entirety and according to its terms; (ii) substituting Juniper as the plaintiff in the Federal Derivative Action and dismissing the Federal Derivative Action with prejudice as to the Released Defendants and without prejudice as to the Non-Released Defendants, (iii) expressly preserving any and all claims against defendant Berry and the Non-Released Defendants, (iv) providing that each of the Settling Parties shall bear its, his or her own costs (unless expressly stated otherwise in the Stipulation), (v) releasing and enjoining prosecution of any and all Released Claims to be released pursuant to the Stipulation, and (vi) approving an award of attorneys' fees to Plaintiffs' Counsel; and
          (c) hear such other matters as the Court may deem necessary and appropriate.
     3. The Court approves, as to form and content, the Notice annexed as Exhibit C-1 hereto, and finds that the distribution of the Notice and publication of the Stipulation substantially in the manner and form set forth in paragraph 3.1 of the Stipulation, meets the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23.1 and due process, is the best notice practicable under the circumstances,
 
and shall constitute due and sufficient notice to all Persons entitled thereto of all matters relating to the Settlement.
     4. Not later than ten (10) days following entry of this Order, Juniper shall cause the Notice substantially in the form annexed as Exhibit C-1 hereto to be published on its website, such that visitors to the website home page will readily find a hyperlink to the Notice.
     5. Not later than ten (10) days following entry of this Order, Juniper shall cause a copy of the Stipulation to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission via a Form 8-K.
     6. Not later than ten (10) days following entry of this Order, Juniper shall cause a copy of the Notice substantially in the form annexed as Exhibit C-1 hereto to be published once in or a similar nationally-circulated business publication.
Investor's Business Daily
     7. All costs incurred in the filing and publication of the Notices shall be paid by Juniper and Juniper shall undertake all administrative responsibility for filing and publication of the Notice.
     8. At least fourteen (14) days prior to the Settlement Hearing, Juniper's counsel shall serve on counsel for Lead Plaintiffs and file with the Court proof, by affidavit or declaration, of such filing and publication of the Notice.
     9. All current Juniper stockholders shall be bound by all orders, determinations and judgments in the Federal Derivative Action concerning the Settlement, whether favorable or unfavorable to current Juniper shareholders.
     10. Pending final determination of whether the Settlement should be approved, no current Juniper shareholder, either directly, representatively, or in any other capacity, shall commence or prosecute against any of the Released Persons, any action or proceeding in any court or tribunal asserting any of the Released Claims.
     11. All papers in support of the Settlement and the award of attorneys' fees and expenses shall be filed with the Court and served at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the Settlement Hearing.
     12. Any current record holders and beneficial owners of common stock of Juniper as of August 11, 2008 may appear and show cause, if he, she or it has any reason why the terms of the Settlement should not be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate, or why a Judgment should not
 
be entered thereon, provided, however, unless otherwise ordered by the Court, no current Juniper stockholder shall be heard or entitled to contest the approval of all or any of the terms and conditions of the Settlement, or, if approved, the Judgment to be entered thereon approving the same, unless that Person has, at least fourteen (14) days prior to the Settlement Hearing, filed with the Clerk of the Court and served on the following counsel (delivered by hand or sent by first class mail) appropriate proof of stock ownership, along with written objections, including the basis therefore, and copies of any papers and briefs in support thereof:
Counsel for Federal Plaintiffs
Jeffrey D. Light COUGHLIN STOIA GELLER      RUDMAN & ROBBINS LLP 655 West Broadway, Suite 1900 San Diego, CA 92101-3301
Eric L. Zagar Robin Winchester SCHIFFRIN BARROWAY TOPAZ      & KESSLER, LLP 280 King of Prussia Road Radnor, PA 19087
Counsel for the Released Defendants
Nina F. Locker WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH &      ROSATI, P.C. 650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050
Counsel for Juniper by Its Special Litigation Committee
Scott B. Schreiber Andrew T. Karron ARNOLD & PORTER LLP 555 Twelfth Street, N.W. Washington, DC 20004-1202
 
The written objections and copies of any papers and briefs in support thereof to be filed in Court shall be delivered by hand or sent by first class mail to:
Clerk of the Court UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA SAN JOSE DIVISION 280 South First Street San Jose, CA 95113
Any current Juniper stockholder who does not make his, her or its objection in the manner provided herein shall be deemed to have waived such objection and shall forever be foreclosed from making any objection to the fairness, reasonableness or adequacy of the Settlement as incorporated in the Stipulation and to the award of attorney fees and expenses to Plaintiffs' Counsel, unless otherwise ordered by the Court, but shall otherwise be bound by the Judgment to be entered and the releases to be given.
     13. Neither the Stipulation nor the Settlement, nor any act performed or document executed pursuant to or in furtherance of the Stipulation or the Settlement: (a) is or may be deemed to be or may be offered, attempted to be offered or used in any way by the Settling Parties as a presumption, a concession or an admission of, or evidence of, any fault, wrongdoing or liability of the Settling Parties or of the validity of any Released Claims; or (b) is intended by the Settling Parties to be offered or received as evidence or used by any other person in any other actions or proceedings, whether civil, criminal or administrative. The Released Persons and the Non-Released Defendants may file the Stipulation and/or the Judgment in any action that may be brought against them in order to support a defense or counterclaim based on principles of , collateral estoppel, full faith and credit, release, standing, good faith settlement, judgment bar or reduction or any other theory of claim preclusion or issue preclusion or similar defense or counterclaim, except that the Non-Released Defendants shall not file or assert the Stipulation and/or Judgment to support a defense or counterclaim in an action brought by the Company or the Special Litigation Committee; and any of the Settling Parties may file the Stipulation and documents executed pursuant and in furtherance thereto in any action to enforce the Settlement.
res judicata
 
     14. The Court reserves the right to adjourn the date of the Settlement Hearing or modify any other dates set forth herein without further notice to the current Juniper stockholders, and retains jurisdiction to consider all further applications arising out of or connected with the Settlement. The Court may approve the Settlement, with such modifications as may be agreed to by the Settling Parties, if appropriate, without further notice to the current Juniper stockholders.
Submitted by,
COUGHLIN STOIA GELLER   RUDMAN & ROBBINS LLP TRAVIS E. DOWNS III JEFFREY D. LIGHT BENNY C. GOODMAN II MARY LYNNE CALKINS 655 West Broadway, Suite 1900 San Diego, CA 92101 Telephone: 619/231-1058 619/231-7423 (fax)
SHAWN A. WILLIAMS JOHN K. GRANT AELISH M. BAIG 100 Pine Street, Suite 2600 San Francisco, CA 94111 Telephone: 415/288-4545 415/288-4534 (fax)
Lead Counsel for Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action
SCHIFFRIN BARROWAY TOPAZ   & KESSLER, LLP ERIC L. ZAGAR ROBIN WINCHESTER 280 King of Prussia Road Radnor, PA 19087 Telephone: 610/667-7706 610/667-7056 (fax)
Lead Counsel for Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action
 
CICCARELLO DEL GIUDICE & LAFON MICHAEL J. DEL GIUDICE TIMOTHY J. LaFON 1219 Virginia Street East, Suite 100 Charleston, WV 25301 Telephone: 304/343-4440 304/343-4464 (fax)
Additional Counsel for Plaintiffs in the Federal Derivative Action
ROBBINS UMEDA & FINK, LLP MARC UMEDA 610 West Ash Street, Suite 1800 San Diego, CA 92101 Telephone: 619/525-3990 619/525-3991 (fax)
Lead Counsel for Plaintiffs in the State Court Derivative Action
BARRETT, JOHNSTON, & PARSLEY GEORGE E. BARRETT DOUGLAS S. JOHNSTON, JR. TIMOTHY L. MILES LAUREL A. JOHNSTON 217 Second Avenue North Nashville, TN 37201 Telephone: 615/244-2202 615/252-3798 (fax)
Lead Counsel for Plaintiffs in the State Court Derivative Action
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH &       ROSATI, P.C. NINA F. LOCKER STEVEN GUGGENHEIM JONI OSTLER 650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050 Telephone: 650/493-9300 650/493-6811 (fax)
Attorneys for the Released Defendants
 
ARNOLD & PORTER LLP SCOTT B. SCHREIBER ANDREW T. KARRON 555 Twelfth Street, N.W. Washington, DC 20004-1202 Telephone: 202/942-5000 202/942-5999 (fax)
Counsel for Juniper Networks Inc. by its Special Litigation Committee
 
COUGHLIN STOIA GELLER      RUDMAN & ROBBINS LLP TRAVIS E. DOWNS III (148274) JEFFREY D. LIGHT (159515) BENNY C. GOODMAN III (211302) MARY LYNNE CALKINS (212171) 655 West Broadway, Suite 1900 San Diego, CA 92101 Telephone: 619/231-1058 619/231-7423 (fax) travisd@csgrr.com jeffl@csgrr.com bgoodman@csgrr.com mcalkins@csgrr.com
           and 
SHAWN A. WILLIAMS (213113) JOHN K. GRANT (169813) AELISH M. BAIG (201279) 100 Pine Street, Suite 2600 San Francisco, CA 94111 Telephone: 415/288-4545 415/288-4534 (fax) swilliams@csgrr.com johnkg@csgrr.com abaig@csgrr.com
Lead Counsel for Plaintiffs
SCHIFFRIN BARROWAY TOPAZ      & KESSLER, LLP
ERIC L. ZAGAR (250519) ROBIN WINCHESTER 280 King of Prussia Road Radnor, PA 19087 Telephone: 610/667-7706 610/667-7056 (fax) ezagar@sbtklaw.com rwinchester@sbtklaw.com
 
TO: ALL CURRENT RECORD HOLDERS AND BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF COMMON STOCK OF JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. ("JUNIPER" OR THE "COMPANY") AS OF AUGUST 11, 2008
     PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that the above-captioned shareholder derivative litigation (the "Litigation"), as well as the consolidated action in Santa Clara Superior Court entitled , Lead Case No. 1:06-CV-064294 (collective, the "Actions"), are being settled. The terms of the proposed settlement of the Actions (the "Settlement") are set forth in a Stipulation of Settlement dated August 11, 2008 (the "Stipulation"). This notice should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the text of the Stipulation, which has been filed with the Court. All capitalized terms herein have the same meanings as set forth in the Stipulation.
In re Juniper Networks, Inc. Derivative Litigation
     The terms of the Settlement set forth in the Stipulation include: (1) the modification of the exercise prices of certain outstanding stock options that were priced lower than the fair market value of Juniper stock on the corrected dates of the grants identified in connection with Juniper's restatement of its financial statements; (2) the decision not to extend the exercise period for certain options held by defendant Marcel Gani, which expired unexercised; (3) the adoption and/or implementation of a variety of corporate governance measures, including measures that relate to and address many of the underlying issues in the Actions, including, but not limited to, director independence, officer and director compensation, and stock option granting procedures; (4) the assignment to Juniper of certain claims against defendant Lisa Berry, which will not be released and may be pursued by Juniper; (5) the dismissal without prejudice of claims pending in the Actions against defendants Marcel Gani and Scott Kriens on the basis of tolling agreements entered into by each, (6) an undertaking by Juniper's Special Litigation Committee to take reasonable steps to try to resolve pending federal securities litigation relating to Juniper's option granting procedures from April 10, 2003 through August 10, 2006 in a manner that minimizes the cost to Juniper; and (7) Juniper's payment of Plaintiffs' Counsel's attorney fees and expenses in the amount of $9,000,000, subject to Court approval.
     IF YOU ARE A CURRENT OWNER OF JUNIPER COMMON STOCK, YOUR RIGHTS MAY BE AFFECTED BY PROCEEDINGS IN THE LITIGATION.
 
     On , at ___.m., a hearing (the "Settlement Hearing") will be held before the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, San Jose Division, 280 South First Street, San Jose, CA 95113, to determine: (1) whether the terms of the Settlement should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate; and (2) whether the above-entitled action should be dismissed on the merits and with prejudice as to the Released Defendants and without prejudice as to the Non-Released Defendants.
                    
                    
     Any shareholder of Juniper that objects to the Settlement of the Litigation shall have a right to appear and to be heard at the Settlement Hearing, provided that he or she was a shareholder of record or beneficial owner as of August 11, 2008. Any shareholder of Juniper who satisfies this requirement may enter an appearance through counsel of such member's own choosing and at such member's own expense or may appear on their own. However, no shareholder of Juniper shall be heard at the Settlement Hearing unless no later than 14 days prior to the date of the Settlement Hearing, such shareholder has filed with the Court and delivered to Plaintiffs' Counsel, the Released Defendants' counsel, and the Special Litigation Committee's counsel, a written notice of objection, their ground for opposing the Settlement, and proof of both their status as a shareholder and the dates of stock ownership in Juniper. Only shareholders who have filed and delivered valid and timely written notices of objection will be entitled to be heard at the Settlement Hearing unless the Court orders otherwise.
     If you wish to object to the Settlement, you must file a written objection setting for the grounds for such an objection with the Court on or before , with service on the following parties:
                    
                    
Counsel for Federal Plaintiffs
Jeffrey D. Light COUGHLIN STOIA GELLER      RUDMAN & ROBBINS LLP 655 West Broadway, Suite 1900 San Diego, CA 92101-3301
Eric L. Zagar Robin Winchester SCHIFFRIN BARROWAY TOPAZ      & KESSLER, LLP 280 King of Prussia Road
 
Radnor, PA 19087
Counsel for the Released Defendants
Nina F. Locker WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH &      ROSATI, P.C. 650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050
Counsel for Juniper by its Special Litigation Committee
Scott B. Schreiber Andrew T. Karron ARNOLD & PORTER LLP 555 Twelfth Street, N.W. Washington, DC 20004-1202
     Inquiries may be made to Plaintiffs' Counsel: Rick Nelson, c/o Shareholder Relations, Coughlin Stoia Geller Rudman & Robbins LLP, 655 West Broadway, Suite 1900, San Diego, CA 92101; telephone 619-231-1058.
 
 
     This matter came before the Court for hearing pursuant to the Order of this Court, dated , 2008 ("Order"), on the application of the parties for approval of the proposed settlement ("Settlement") set forth in the Stipulation of Settlement dated , 2008, and the Exhibits thereto (the "Stipulation");
                    
                    
     The Court has reviewed and considered all documents, evidence, objections (if any) and arguments presented in support of or against the Settlement; the Court being fully advised of the premises and good cause appearing therefore, the Court enters this Order and Final Judgment.
     IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that:
     1. This Judgment incorporates by reference the definitions in the Stipulation, and all capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meanings as set forth in the Stipulation.
     2. This Court has jurisdiction over the subject matter of the Federal Derivative Action, including all matters necessary to effectuate the Settlement, and over all Settling Parties.
     3. The Court finds that the Notice provided to Juniper stockholders constituted the best notice practicable under the circumstances. The Notice fully satisfied the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23.1 and the requirements of due process.
     4. The Court finds that Juniper's Special Litigation Committee, its counsel, and the forensic accounting consultants retained by its counsel, are disinterested and independent under Delaware and California law.
     5. The Court finds that, during the course of the litigation of the Actions, the Parties and their respective counsel at all times complied with the requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11 and all other similar laws, including California Code of Civil Procedure 128.7.
     6. The Court finds that the terms of the Stipulation and Settlement are fair, reasonable and adequate as to each of the Settling Parties, and hereby finally approves the Stipulation and Settlement in all respects, and orders the Settling Parties to perform its terms to the extent the Settling Parties have not already done so.
     7. Consistent with the Settlement, all claims asserted by Plaintiffs in the operative complaint herein are hereby irrevocably assigned to Juniper, which is substituted as the plaintiff herein . No shareholder of Juniper may bring an action derivatively on behalf of
nunc pro tunc
 
Juniper against any of the individual defendants dismissed in this action asserting any claim that was or could have been asserted in this action.
     8. The Federal Derivative Action and all claims contained therein against Defendants Stratton D. Sclavos, William R. Stensrud, Robert M. Calderoni, Kenneth A. Goldman, William R. Hearst, III, Kenneth Levy, Frank J. Marshall, Vinod Khosla, Pradeep Sindhu, Robert R.B. Dykes, Ashok Krishnamurthi, Lloyd Carney, Peter L. Wexler, and nominal defendant Juniper, as well as all of the Released Claims against each of the above-named defendants and their Related Parties, are hereby dismissed with prejudice. As among Plaintiffs and the above-listed Released Defendants, the parties are to bear their own costs, except as otherwise provided in the Stipulation.
     9. All claims in the Federal Derivative Action against the Non-Released Defendants are hereby dismissed without prejudice. In particular, nothing herein shall operate to discharge or release or affect in any way any claims that Juniper has or had, or that may be asserted by Juniper, arising out of or relating to the events alleged in the operative complaint in this case, against the Non-Released Defendants, including but not limited to claims currently alleged in the pending State Derivative Action or claims that may be alleged in the future in that action or in a new complaint by Juniper. As among Plaintiffs and the Non-Released Defendants, the parties are to bear their own costs.
     10. Nothing herein shall operate to discharge any claim that Juniper had, has, or may have, against Lisa Berry, who is not a defendant in this action but is a defendant in the State Derivative Action, or against the Non-Released Defendants.
     11. Upon the Effective Date, as defined in the Stipulation, Juniper, Plaintiffs (acting derivatively on behalf of Juniper), and each of Juniper's stockholders (solely in their capacity as Juniper stockholders) shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever released, relinquished and discharged the Released Claims against the Released Persons and any and all claims (including Unknown Claims) arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the defense, settlement or resolution of the Actions against the Released Persons. Nothing herein shall in any way impair or restrict the rights of any Settling Party to enforce the terms
 
of the Stipulation or the rights of Juniper to pursue any claims against Lisa Berry or the Non-Released Defendants.
     12. Upon the Effective Date, as defined in the Stipulation, Juniper, Plaintiffs (acting derivatively on behalf of Juniper), and each of Juniper's stockholders (solely in their capacity as Juniper stockholders) will be forever barred and enjoined from commencing, instituting or prosecuting any of the Released Claims or any action or other proceeding against any of the Released Persons based on, arising out of, related to, or in connection with the Released Claims or the Settlement or Resolution of the Actions. Claims to enforce the terms of this Stipulation are not released. Juniper's claims against Lisa Berry and the Non-Released Defendants also are not released.
     13. Upon the Effective Date, as defined in the Stipulation, each of the Released Persons shall be deemed to have, and by operation of the Judgment shall have, fully, finally, and forever released, relinquished and discharged each and all of the Plaintiffs, Plaintiffs' Counsel, Juniper, and all of the Juniper stockholders (solely in their capacity as Juniper stockholders) from all claims (including Unknown Claims) arising out of, relating to, or in connection with, the institution, prosecution, assertion, settlement or resolution of the Actions or the Released Claims. Nothing herein shall in any way impair or restrict the rights of any Settling Party to enforce the terms of the Stipulation.
     14. Upon the Effective Date, as defined in the Stipulation, each of the Released Persons will be forever barred and enjoined from commencing, instituting or prosecuting any or all claims (including Unknown Claims) against each and all of the Plaintiffs, Plaintiffs' Counsel, Juniper, and all of the Juniper stockholders (solely in their capacity as Juniper stockholders) arising out of, relating to, or in connection with the institution, prosecution, assertion, settlement or resolution of the Actions or the Released Claims. Notwithstanding the definition of Released Claims, the Individual Settling Defendants and Juniper reserve their indemnification and advancement rights and defenses under Juniper's by-laws, Juniper's articles of incorporation, their agreements, Delaware law, and any other applicable authority. Nothing herein shall in any way impair or restrict the rights of any Settling Party to enforce the terms of the Stipulation.
 
     15. The Court hereby approves the Fee and Expense Award in accordance with the Stipulation and finds that such fee is fair and reasonable.
     16. Neither the Stipulation nor the Settlement, nor any act performed or document executed pursuant to or in furtherance of the Stipulation or the Settlement: (a) is or may be deemed to be or may be offered, attempted to be offered or used in any way by the Settling Parties or any other Person as a presumption, a concession or an admission of, or evidence of, any fault, wrongdoing or liability of the Settling Parties; or of the validity of any Released Claims; or (b) is intended by the Settling Parties to be offered or received as evidence or used by any other person in any other actions or proceedings, whether civil, criminal or administrative. The Released Persons and the Non-Released persons may file the Stipulation and/or the Judgment in any action that may be brought against them in order to support a defense or counterclaim based on principles of , collateral estoppel, full faith and credit, release, standing, good faith settlement, judgment bar or reduction or any other theory of claim preclusion or issue preclusion or similar defense or counterclaim, except that the Non-Released persons shall not file or assert the Stipulation and/or Judgment to support a defense or counterclaim in an action brought by the Company or the Special Litigation Committee; and any of the Settling Parties may file the Stipulation and documents executed pursuant and in furtherance thereto in any action to enforce the Settlement.
res judicata
     17. Without affecting the finality of this Judgment in any way, this Court hereby retains continuing jurisdiction with respect to implementation and enforcement of the terms of the Stipulation.
     18. In the event that the Settlement does not become effective in accordance with the terms of the Stipulation, this Order and Final Judgment shall be vacated, and all Orders entered and releases delivered in connection with the Stipulation and this Order and Final Judgment shall be null and void, except as otherwise provided for in the Stipulation.
 
     19. This Judgment is a final, appealable judgment and should be entered forthwith by the Clerk in accordance with Rule 58, Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
     IT IS SO ORDERED.
Submitted by,
COUGHLIN STOIA GELLER      RUDMAN & ROBBINS LLP TRAVIS E. DOWNS III JEFFREY D. LIGHT BENNY C. GOODMAN II MARY LYNNE CALKINS 655 West Broadway, Suite 1900 San Diego, CA 92101 Telephone: 619/231-1058 619/231-7423 (fax)
SHAWN A. WILLIAMS JOHN K. GRANT AELISH M. BAIG 100 Pine Street, Suite 2600 San Francisco, CA 94111 Telephone: 415/288-4545 415/288-4534 (fax)
Lead Counsel for Plaintiffs
SCHIFFRIN BARROWAY TOPAZ      & KESSLER, LLP ERIC L. ZAGAR ROBIN WINCHESTER 280 King of Prussia Road Radnor, PA 19087 Telephone: 610/667-7706 610/667-7056 (fax)
Lead Counsel for Plaintiffs
ROBBINS UMEDA & FINK, LLP MARC UMEDA 610 West Ash Street, Suite 1800 San Diego, CA 92101 Telephone: 619/525-3990 619/525-3991 (fax)
Counsel for State Court Plaintiffs
 
CICCARELLO DEL GIUDICE & LAFON MICHAEL J. DEL GIUDICE TIMOTHY J. LaFON 1219 Virginia Street East, Suite 100 Charleston, WV 25301 Telephone: 304/343-4440 304/343-4464 (fax)
Additional Counsel for Plaintiffs
WILSON SONSINI GOODRICH &      ROSATI, P.C. NINA F. LOCKER STEVEN GUGGENHEIM GREGORY L. WATTS JONI OSTLER
650 Page Mill Road Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050 Telephone: 650/493-9300 650/493-6811 (fax)
Attorneys for the Released Defendants
ARNOLD & PORTER LLP SCOTT B. SCHREIBER ANDREW T. KARRON LAWRENCE COX
555 Twelfth Street, N.W. Washington, DC 20004-1202 Telephone: 202/942-5000 202/942-5999 (fax)
Counsel for Juniper Networks Inc. by its Special Litigation Committee


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20080923162428.txt.gz
TIME:20080923162428
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On September 17, 2008, at a regular meeting of the Compensation Committee of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"), the committee approved a clarifying change to the performance-based incentive arrangement for Mr. Edward Minshull previously disclosed by the Company in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 14, 2008 (the "May 2008 8-K"). The approval clarified that, to the extent Mr. Minshull achieved certain targets related to the Companys operating metrics, the acceleration of the equity awards described in the May 2008 8-K would be proportional to such achievement. The disclosure set forth in the May 2008 8-K is incorporated herein by reference.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20081023161034.txt.gz
TIME:20081023161034
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 23, 2008, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income ; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable fut ure. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial s tatements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherw ise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investment s; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accura tely reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Comp ensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fix ed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shar es of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results wi th periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on October 23, 2008
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
JUNIPER NETWORKS REPORTS THIRD QUARTER 2008 FINANCIAL RESULTS
SUNNYVALE, Calif., October 23, 2008
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported financial results for the three months ended September 30, 2008, that included solid revenues, expanding margins, and improved profitability.
Net revenues for the third quarter of 2008 rose 29% on a year-over-year basis to $947.0 million. The Company posted GAAP net income of $148.5 million, or $0.27 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $175.6 million, or $0.32 per diluted share. The non-GAAP EPS figure represents an increase of 45 percent from the $0.22 per diluted share reported for the third quarter of 2007. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Reportable Segment table below.
"Juniper delivered a solid quarter during a period of global economic uncertainty," stated Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer of Juniper Networks. "We continue to enhance our product portfolio, expand our reach to customers, and improve operational execution.  These factors have enabled us to drive revenue growth and improve operating margins.  The long-term growth potential of the high-performance networking market is strong and, even in this uncertain economic climate, we are cautiously optimistic about our near-term opportunities."
Juniper's operating margin for the third quarter of 2008 rose to 21.3% on a GAAP basis from 15.3% in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2008 rose to 25.1% from 21.1% in the third quarter of 2007. The improvement was achieved through continued cost discipline and improved operating efficiency.
The improved operating margins helped Juniper generate net cash from operations for the third quarter of 2008 of $204.6 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $191.4 million for the same quarter of 2007.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the third quarter of 2008 were $40.9 million and $38.9 million, respectively.
"Juniper's results this quarter reflect good revenue growth paired with an operating model focused on efficiencies, smart investments and more productive sales and marketing programs," stated Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer of Juniper Networks. "We delivered strong margins, solid earnings per share, and healthy levels of cash from operations. We will continue to focus on our operational excellence initiatives," concluded Denholm.
Recent Highlights
High-Performance Network Infrastructure
Juniper continues to deliver innovative solutions to the market that advance the fundamentals and economics of high-performance networking. Juniper introduced the industry's first Dynamic Services Architecture and a new category of extensible "no compromise" networking and security products with its SRX series. This new architecture and product family are designed to deliver scalable performance and operational simplicity to help high-performance businesses tightly align rapidly changing business requirements with network technology investments to accelerate new service deployments.
In addition, Juniper introduced enhancements to existing solutions to help customers maximize their network infrastructure investments and lower their overall total cost of ownership. Juniper announced the Intelligent Service Edge  an integrated portfolio of new features for its M- and MX-series routers that will extend JUNOS to a broad range of new applications. The enhancements will facilitate intelligent convergence at the edge, which drives network monetization by speeding deployment of new services and reducing operational costs and complexity. Juniper customers, such as Deutsche Telekom and Telecom Italia, endorsed the approach. Saverio Orlando, executive director of Network Department, Telecom Italia said, "the Intelligent Services Edge further demonstrates that the vision and strategy of Telecom Italia and Juniper are aligned. This is another step that will allow us to reduce the costs of building and scaling our network infrastructure, while concurrently enhancing service delivery and network flexibility."
Juniper also expanded its Network and Security Manager (NSM) to deliver the industry's first centralized management solution for routing, security and switching, enabling customers to consolidate and simplify the management of their network infrastructure to increase security, reduce cost and realize operational gains. Juniper also announced enhancements to its Access Control Solution, to deliver best-in-class scalability and performance, with centralized access policy management via NSM, helping customers cost-effectively achieve comprehensive network visibility with broad enforcement capabilities. In addition, Juniper announced the next generation of its best-in-class WXC application acceleration platforms to deliver a more scalable, modular and cost-effective approach to delivering fast and consistent application response across the WAN.
Juniper's Partner Solution Development Platform  or PSDP  which enables customers and partners to develop specialized applications on JUNOS, continues to gain momentum, driving innovation in the networking industry. For example, Juniper announced that Triveni Digital has joined the Open IP Solution Development Program. By integrating Triveni Digital's video experience and video signal management solutions with JUNOS, service provider customers will be able to deliver the highest quality level of video services  more reliably and with scale.
Fueling High-Performance Businesses
Customers continue to turn to Juniper as a strategic partner, leveraging Juniper's high-performance networking portfolio to accelerate revenue generation, achieve differentiation and lower total cost of ownership. In the service provider market, XO Communications, a leading nationwide provider of advanced communications services and solutions for businesses, enterprises, government, carriers and service providers, deployed MX960 Ethernet Services Routers to accelerate the speed with which it can introduce new services in response to increasing demand from enterprises and wholesale customers, while reducing operational costs.
Telecom New Zealand International (TNZI), a global service provider of Internet transit, data, voice and mobile services, has upgraded the capacity and security of its international network with Juniper Networks M-series routers and Integrated Security Gateways (ISG) to enhance the responsiveness and efficiency of service delivery to new consumers.
In the enterprise market, Technicolor, the leader in video solutions for the communication, media and entertainment industries, values the ongoing efficiencies it can achieve with their Juniper solutions.  The simplicity and ease of management made possible by the common operating system, JUNOS, ensures their MPLS network is able to meet the demanding requirements of all their constituents.
Ajisen (China) Holdings Limited, a leading Chinese fast food company, deployed Juniper's routing, security and switching solutions to help them reduce the cost, complexity and risk of delivering business-critical IT services to the company's mobile workforce and more than 243 retail locations across China.
Ferrum College, in Virginia, replaced its 10-year legacy infrastructure with Juniper's EX-series Switches, Secure Services Gateway and Unified Access Control, to improve network performance, improve reliability and decrease maintenance costs in line with their continued expansion.
As part of their data center improvement project, AdvancedMD Software Inc., a leading provider of Web-based practice management solutions for physician offices, management services organizations and medical billing services, was looking to improve the scalability of their switching infrastructure and maintain high service quality during a time of rapid growth. The Juniper Networks EX switches were the best fit, enabling them to get more for less  they were able to reduce the footprint of their data center and realize energy and operational savings, along with the peace of mind they have the flexibility to grow their platform as the medical industry continues to rapidly adopt the SaaS (soft-as-a-service) model.
AmazingMail.com, Inc., a leader in advanced direct mail marketing solutions, found that "deploying Juniper's EX-series switches and SSG firewalls has helped us to achieve and surpass our operational and financial objectives," said Larry Prine, lead systems administrator for AmazingMail.com, Inc. "We have increased network performance, simplified operations, and lowered our operational expenses so significantly that we had enough budget left over to purchase two of everything ensuring full redundancy of our network infrastructure. We're realizing an annualized savings of $90,000 (USD) in IT costs, we've reduced our data center footprint and we've achieved additional power consumption savings. Now we spend less on building, managing and maintaining the network, and more on strategic revenue-generating activities."
Corporate News
Juniper sponsored the launch of the Carbon Disclosure Project's sixth report, reaffirming its continued commitment to understanding and documenting its environmental impact. For the third year in a row, Juniper voluntarily collected and submitted its green house gas emissions for worldwide reporting. Juniper was recognized as an industry leader for its carbon disclosure, ranking fourth in the technology, media and telecommunications category of the Carbon Disclosure Project Report 2008  S&P 500.
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 23, 2008 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, the dial-in number is 877-407-0778. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until December 12, 2008.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, JUNOS and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net interest and other income.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on minority equity investments; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on minority equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which effect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20081112160547.txt.gz
TIME:20081112160547
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On November 6, 2008, Michael J. Rose accepted an offer to serve as the Executive Vice President of Service, Support and Operations of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"). In connection with such acceptance, Mr. Rose submitted his resignation from the board of directors of the Company, effective upon the commencement of his employment.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20081124160813.txt.gz
TIME:20081124160813
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On November 18, 2008, the Compensation Committee of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved changes to existing change of control severance agreements for certain officers of the Company, including Robyn Denholm and Kim Perdikou, to: (1) address the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, and (2) make the expiration of the change of control agreements coterminous with the January 1, 2011 expiration date of change of control agreements of other officers. There were no material changes approved to the benefits payable under the Companys existing change of control agreements.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
In connection with the pending settlement of the Companys shareholder derivative litigation (the "Settlement"), on November 18, 2008, the Companys Board of Directors (the "Board") approved an amendment to the Companys Bylaws. The amendment is contingent and effective upon the final effectiveness of the Settlement, and adds a new Section 3.15 which states that at least two-thirds of the members of the Board of Directors must be independent as defined by the requirements of the exchange on which the Companys securities are listed and any other requirements of applicable law, subject to a 150-day cure period in the event of non-compliance. A copy of the amended and restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc., contingent and effective upon the final effectiveness of the Settlement, is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 3.1
1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. For purposes of these bylaws, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The board of directors, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the Whole Board, may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY STOCKHOLDERS
(i) At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting business must brought: (A) pursuant to the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (C) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(i) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has timely complied in proper written form with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(i). In addition, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action pursuant to these bylaws and applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (C) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders.
(a) To comply with clause (C) of Section 2.5(i) above, a stockholder's notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(i) and must be timely received by the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year's annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 2.5(i)(a). "Public Announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release released on Business Wire and/or reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news and/or wire service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto (the "1934 Act").
provided
however
(b) To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting: (1) a brief description of the business intended to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (3) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (4) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, (5) any material interest of the stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person in such business, and (6) a statement whether either such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (1) through (6), a "Business Solicitation Statement"). In addition, to be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must be supplemented not later than ten days following the record date to disclose the information contained in clauses (3) and (4) above as of the record date. For purposes of this Section 2.5, a "Stockholder Associated Person" of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and on whose behalf the proposal or nomination, as the case may be, is being made, or (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii).
(c) Without exception, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(i) and, if applicable, Section 2.5(ii). In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before the annual meeting if such stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business or if the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5(i), and, if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting that any such business not properly brought before the annual meeting shall not be conducted.
(ii) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii) shall be eligible for election or re-election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (B) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(ii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation.
(a) To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.5(ii) above, a nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(ii) and must be received by the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at the time set forth in, and in accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.5(i)(a) above.
(b) To be in proper written form, such stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth:
(1) as to each person (a "nominee") whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, (F) a written statement executed by the nominee acknowledging that as a director of the Corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Delaware law with respect to the Corporation and its stockholders, and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee if proxies were being solicited for the election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation the nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and
(2) as to such stockholder giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.5(i)(b) above, and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.5(i)(b) above (except that the references to "business" in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a statement whether either such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect such nominee(s) (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (A) and (B) above, a "Nominee Solicitation Statement").
(c) At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director must furnish to the secretary of the Corporation (1) that information required to be set forth in the stockholder's notice of nomination of such person as a director as of a date subsequent to the date on which the notice of such person's nomination was given and (2) such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; in the absence of the furnishing of such information if requested, such stockholder's nomination shall not be considered in proper form pursuant to this Section 2.5(ii).
(d) Without exception, no person shall be eligible for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation at an annual meeting of stockholders unless nominated in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
(iii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations for Special Meetings.
(a) For a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to Section 2.3, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors shall be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(iii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting and (B) delivers a timely written notice of the nomination to the secretary of the Corporation that includes the information set forth in Sections 2.5(ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above. To be timely, such notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at a special meeting unless the person is nominated (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (ii) by a stockholder in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(iii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
(b) The chairperson of the special meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination or business was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination or business shall be disregarded.
(iv) Other Requirements and Rights.
In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.5. Nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act and nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section
212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be nine (9). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
At such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
3.15 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
At least two-thirds of the members of the board of directors must be independent as defined by the requirements of the exchange on which the Corporation's securities are listed and any other requirements of applicable law, provided, that in the event one or more directors become non-independent or resign and such change causes the proportion of independent directors to be less than two-thirds of the board of directors, the Corporation shall have 150 days from the effective date of such determination or resignation to elect a new independent director. For purposes of this Section 3.15, "independence" shall be determined in accordance with the then applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the primary stock exchange on which the Corporation's stock is traded.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors
(or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election)
shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
Subject to applicable law, the Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090129161411.txt.gz
TIME:20090129161411
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 29, 2009, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operatin g expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share; and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial res ults for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to th e readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for lin e items in the table in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating exp enses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss o n equity investments; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events which arise from unforeseen circumstances which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these exp enses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Note C: Stock- Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on January 29, 2009
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
Q4 Financial Highlights
2008 Financial Highlights
SUNNYVALE, Calif., January 29, 2009
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months and twelve months ended December 31, 2008, that included record level annual revenue and improved year-over-year profitability.
Net revenue for the fourth quarter of 2008 increased 14% on a year-over-year basis to $923.5 million. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, Juniper's revenue increased 26% on a year-over-year basis to $3.57 billion.
Juniper posted GAAP net income of $132.5 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $169.0 million, or $0.32 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2008. The non-GAAP EPS figure represents an increase of 19% from the $0.27 per diluted share reported for the fourth quarter of 2007. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, GAAP net income was $511.7 million, or $0.93 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income was $650.8 million, or $1.18 per diluted share. The non-GAAP EPS figure represents an increase of 36% from the $0.87 per diluted share for the twelve months ended December 31, 2007. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Reportable Segment table below.
"2008 was a year of record revenue for Juniper with year-over-year revenue growing 26 percent and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share growing 36 percent.  We strengthened our product portfolio, captured market share, and improved operating efficiency and execution," stated Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer of Juniper Networks.
"Even in this tough economy, we managed to grow year-over-year quarterly revenue by 14% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share by 19%.  We continue to play offense and grow market share while at the same time taking action to responsibly manage our cost structure. The long-term growth fundamentals of high performance networking remain strong and by strengthening our product portfolio and focusing on the customer, Juniper is positioned for accelerated growth once market conditions improve."
Juniper's operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2008 increased to 20.6% on a GAAP basis from 18.2% in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2008 increased to 24.5% from 23.5% in the fourth quarter of 2007. For the fiscal year 2008, Juniper's operating margin increased to 19.5% on a GAAP basis from 14.4% for the prior fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fiscal year 2008, increased to 24.2% from 21.3% in the fiscal year 2007. The improvement was achieved through continued cost discipline and improved operating efficiency.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the fourth quarter of 2008 of $215.1 million, compared to cash provided by operations of $244.4 million for the same quarter of 2007. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, Juniper generated net cash from operations of $875.2 million, compared to $786.5 million for the same period in 2007.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the fourth quarter of 2008 were $42.9 million and $37.8 million, respectively. Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during 2008 were $164.6 million and $172.5 million, respectively.
"Juniper's results are a testament to our continued focus on both the technology investments that drive the competiveness of our products and on our operational execution," stated Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer of Juniper Networks.
"Supported by a healthy balance sheet with no debt and cash and cash equivalents of $2.0 billion, our objective is to emerge from this challenging economic environment both stronger and more efficient.  We will get there by aggressively driving the core elements of our operational improvement plan and investing in key technology initiatives," concluded Denholm
.
Japan Distributor Review
In December 2008, during the course of performing routine distributor audits, Juniper became aware of facts that caused it to question the accuracy of point of sale reports of a few distributors in Japan with respect to a small number of transactions.  As a result, Juniper commenced a review of its revenue from sales through distributors in Japan.  Based on its review to date, Juniper has deferred an additional $3.0 million of revenue for sales through distributors in Japan. Total preliminary revenue for sales through distributors in Japan, after the $3.0 million deferral, for 2008 was approximately $53.0 million and approximately $13.0 million in the quarter ended December 31, 2008.  Because the review is ongoing, Juniper has not made a final determination of its revenue from distributor sales in Japan and therefore these preliminary results could change. Juniper currently expects to complete the review prior to the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Q408 Highlights
In the fourth quarter, Juniper made several announcements to help customers speed deployment of new services and reduce operational costs and complexity. The Intelligent Services Edge (ISE), a fully integrated portfolio of new hardware and software features, leveraging JUNOS and the M- and MX-series platforms, enable customers to create new services and new revenue generation models. The Juniper Networks Data Center Infrastructure Solutions can significantly reduce network complexity and total cost of ownership by up to 52 percent in capital expenditures, up to 44 percent in power, up to 44 percent in cooling and up to 55 percent in rack space in the data center. Juniper also announced the formation of the Energy Consumption Rating (ECR) Initiative, which provides a framework for measuring the energy efficiency of network and telecom devices. Juniper Networks, Ixia, and Lawrence Berkeley National Labs collaborated to develop this vendor-neutral energy efficiency metric to give customers better methods to estimate, project and regulate energy efficiency of telecom equipment.
Juniper has done business with all of the Top 100 global Service Providers. Examples from the quarter include customers such as Singapore Telecommunications Limited (SingTel), who is using Juniper's security solutions to enable their Managed Security Services offerings, and Internet Initiative Japan, who increased network performance and lowered power consumption by deploying Juniper's Ethernet services routers. Juniper continues to gain traction with the M- and MX-series, which was enhanced by the announcement of the Intelligent Services Edge, and is deepening relationships with its service provider customers worldwide, such as Deutsche Telekom, Telenor, and Telecom Italia, with these products.  
Juniper's emerging markets focus is yielding new customers, such as Divona Telecom, one of Africa's leading satellite and WiMAX telecom operators, who selected the MX-series Ethernet Services Routers to create a high-speed, service-enabling backhaul network to meet growing demand for its wireless broadband services portfolio. The deployment is designed to address Divona's requirement to increase network capacity, reduce operational costs, and accelerate the delivery of advanced fixed and mobile wireless broadband services to the operator's premium corporate customers.
Enterprise customers are increasingly leveraging Juniper's portfolio to simplify their network infrastructure and achieve the flexible and secure environment they need to support their business objectives. For example, Scottrade leverages Juniper's portfolio of high-performance routing and security solutions to ensure they are able to securely scale their networks to quickly roll out differentiated financial services to their customers. The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) now uses Juniper MX-series routers, EX-series switches to comprise the core of ESnet, a high-bandwidth, high-availability network allowing 40 major DOE research sites and other research institutions to share and utilize large-volume data from the world's leading "big science" projects. Another example comes from the Laboratory of Neuro Imaging (LONI) at the University of California Los Angeles, who selected Juniper's MX-series routers and EX-series switches for their network upgrade to simplify operations and scale performance. They also rely on Juniper's Secure Access SSL VPN appliances to enable researchers located around the world to securely collaborate.
2008 Highlights
Leveraging the powerful JUNOS operating system, Juniper introduced several new products and enhancements throughout the year to continue to deliver the flexibility, simplicity and scale customers require to support their ongoing success. Juniper introduced the EX-series of Ethernet switches, setting new benchmarks for high-performance network infrastructure in the enterprise, and delivering the operational simplicity, carrier-class reliability, and infrastructure consolidation and integration customers need to accelerate the deployment of business-enabling applications and services across the network. Juniper also introduced other industry-first solutions with the JCS 1200, the industry's first high-performance Control Plane Scaling Platform, and a new family of IDP solutions, which delivered industry-leading real-world throughput at 10 Gbps. The SRX dynamic services gateways also broke new ground, representing a new category of extensible networking and security products designed to help high-performance businesses tightly align rapidly changing business requirements with network technology investments to accelerate new service deployments.
Conference Call Information
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 29, 2009 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033, outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until March 13, 2009.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, JUNOS and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, expectations regarding the results and completion of the ongoing Japan distributor review, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, forward looking statements relating to the impact and anticipated completion of the ongoing Japan distributor review and the results thereof (including the scope and timing of the completion of the review and the filing of our Form 10-K, the adequacy of existing reserves and deferrals taken to address the matters subject to the review) are subject to a number of uncertainties and risks, including but not limited to the discovery of new facts or issues or inquiries from regulatory bodies. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net interest and other income.
.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share; and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for; U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) stock option investigation costs and related tax costs; (iv) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (v) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vi) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. The unique nature of our stock option investigation costs and associated tax related charges may also limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. Moreover, in the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions, and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090209171233.txt.gz
TIME:20090209171233
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(d) On February 5, 2009, the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") elected William F. Meehan to serve as a Class II director. Pursuant to the terms of the Companys 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, on February 5, 2009 Mr. Meehan was automatically granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of the Companys common stock. The exercise price of the option is the closing market price of the Companys common stock on February 5, 2009. The option will vest and become exercisable as to 1/36th of the covered shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36th vesting on the day prior to the Companys annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant. Mr. Meehan will also be entitled to the standard non-employee director compensation arrangements as described in the Companys 2008 proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 15, 2008. Mr. Meehan is expected to be appointed to the Audit Commi ttee effective in March 2009.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090218161002.txt.gz
TIME:20090218161002
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(c) On February 11, 2009, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") designated Gene Zamiska to serve as the Companys principal accounting officer. Mr. Zamiska, age 47, has served as the Vice President of Finance and Corporate Controller of Juniper Networks since December 2007. From February 1989 through November 2007, Mr. Zamiska served in various roles in the finance department of Hewlett Packard Company, a provider of technology hardware, software and services, most recently serving as Senior Director of Finance for Hewlett Packards consulting and integration division and Senior Director of Finance and Assistant Corporate Controller. Mr. Zamiska holds a BS in Business-Accounting from the University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana. (e) On February 11, 2009, the Compensation Committee of the Board adopted the 2009 Annual Incentive Plan, a cash bonus plan in which the Companys named executive officers participate. Under the 2009 Annual Incent ive Plan, each named executive officer has an incentive target specified for that individual which is expressed as a percentage of base salary, ranging between 150% and 75%. Bonus determinations under the plan will be based on achievement of specified objectives during the year, with the portion of incentive target allocated to objectives as follows:  70% based on the Companys revenue growth and the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals However, in the case of a general manager of a business group, such as the Companys Infrastructure Products Group or Service Layer Technology Business Group, the incentive is based as follows:  50% based on the business groups revenue growth and the business groups operating margin  20% based on the Companys revenue growth and the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specifi ed strategic goals The incentive amounts paid after the end of 2009 will depend on the level of achievement of each objective and range between zero and 200% of the target incentive allocated to each element. Target incentive percentages for the Companys named executive officers (including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer) were not changed compared to 2008 and continue at previously disclosed levels.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090306160422.txt.gz
TIME:20090306160422
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e) On March 2, 2009, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved a new compensation arrangement for Scott Kriens, the Chairman of the Board and an employee of the Company, to reflect the change in his responsibilities from Chief Executive Officer to Chairman. Under this new arrangement, Mr. Kriens annual base salary will be reduced to $400,000, effective April 1, 2009, and he will not be eligible to participate under the Companys cash incentive compensation programs. In addition, effective April 1, 2009, Mr. Kriens will be granted a one year performance share award. This grant will be subject to the same performance vesting conditions as the CEOs performance share award for 2009 (such that Mr. Kriens could receive up to 200% of the target shares based on the performance attained), except that the earned portion will vest one year from the effective date of grant. The Committee also adopted a new policy that supersedes the Companys Aircraft Reimbursement Policy for Mr. Kriens. Under the new policy, if Mr. Kriens uses his personal aircraft for business travel on behalf of the Company, he will be entitled to be reimbursed for his travel at rates equal to first class airfare to the applicable destination.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090407192742.txt.gz
TIME:20090407192742
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 7, 2009, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The attached press release includes presentation of preliminary estimates of the following non-GAAP financial measures for the quarter ended March 31, 2009: operating expense, operating margin and net income per share. A presentation of comparable estimates based upon U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, is not available at this time without unreasonable effort. These non-GAAP measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulne ss for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in this press release should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of non-GAAP measures to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the busines s excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the period covered by the attached press release and, in particular, in evaluating our estimates of non-GAAP measures described above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Acquisition Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquir ed, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of retroactive tax legislation; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period i n which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying p erformance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations. Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions, and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and t he cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relati ve to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide an estimate of diluted non-GAAP net income per share. Our basic non-GAAP net income per share is calculated based on our estimate of non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares expected to be outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share estimate includes additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on April 7, 2009
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Investor Relations: Media Relations:
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR), the leader in high-performance networking, today announced preliminary results for the quarter ended March 31, 2009. Revenue for the quarter is expected to range between $760 to $765 million, below the company's guidance of $800 to $830 million, primarily driven by lower than expected sales to Service Providers. As a result of previously communicated expense reduction initiatives, total non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter are expected to range between $375 and $380 million, better than the company's guidance of approximately $408 million. Therefore, the company expects non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 16%, resulting in non-GAAP EPS of $0.16 to $0.17 per diluted share, within the company's guidance range of $0.15 and $0.17.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 07, 2009
The company will release full Q1 2009 preliminary financial results and commentary on these results, on April 23, 2009 after the close of the market and will host its regularly scheduled conference call at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet.
To participate via telephone, the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033, international callers dial 201-689-8033. Please dial-in ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast will be available at .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
The webcast replay will be available on the Juniper Networks website until June 12, 2009.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses.  Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, JUNOS and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' expected preliminary financial results for the period ended March 31, 2009, are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: adjustments made to preliminary financial results in the course of the company's quarterly financial closing process; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; the receipt of point of sale reports from channel partners; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Forward Looking Statements
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This press release includes presentation of preliminary estimates of the following non-GAAP financial measures for the quarter ended March 31, 2009: operating expense, operating margin and net income per share. A presentation of comparable estimates based upon U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, is not available at this time without unreasonable effort. These non-GAAP measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in this press release should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
Juniper Networks ("we", "us" or the "company") utilizes a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of non-GAAP measures to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the period covered by this press release and, in particular, in evaluating our estimates of non-GAAP measures presented above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Acquisition Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv)
Other Items
retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of retroactive tax legislation; (vi)
gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred.
Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred.
Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provides our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider to be our continuing operations.
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions, and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide an estimate of diluted non-GAAP net income per share. Our basic non-GAAP net income per share is calculated based on our estimate of non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares expected to be outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share estimate includes additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090423161354.txt.gz
TIME:20090423161354
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 23, 2009, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeab le future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our finan cial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the table in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table i n our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expense s, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) signifi cant effects of retroactive tax legislation; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurr ed. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance a nd future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer compa nies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our bu siness. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on April 23, 2009
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
JUNIPER NETWORKS REPORTS PRELIMINARY FIRST QUARTER 2009 FINANCIAL RESULTS
SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 23, 2009
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2009, that included revenue and operating margin consistent with preliminary results announced earlier this month.
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2009 declined 7% on a year-over-year basis to $764.2 million. The Company posted GAAP net loss of $(4.5) million, or $(0.01) per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $91.6 million, or $0.17 per diluted share. Net loss on a GAAP basis includes a non-recurring $61.8 million, or $0.12 per diluted share, non-cash charge related to the impairment of certain net deferred tax assets due to a change in California income tax law enacted during the first quarter of 2009. The non-GAAP EPS figure represents a decrease of 37% from the $0.27 per diluted share reported for the first quarter of 2008. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Reportable Segment table below.
"Juniper has responded well to the challenging macroeconomic environment. Our focus remains on balancing short-term market realities with our commitment to creating long-term shareholder value. We're doing that by aggressively and thoughtfully managing operating expenses to ensure that we maintain strong levels of investment in our innovation and customer focused initiatives," stated Kevin Johnson, Juniper's Chief Executive Officer.  "Our March quarter results indicate that we're executing on this plan, as operating margin was better than expected and new product introductions in our EX, SRX and TX lines are gaining good traction with customers."
Juniper's operating margin for the first quarter of 2009 declined to 10.6% on a GAAP basis from 17.3% in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2009 declined to 16.4% from 23.5% in the first quarter of 2008.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the first quarter of 2009 of $163.9 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $254.9 million for the same quarter of 2008.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the first quarter of 2009 were $34.2 million and $37.5 million, respectively.
"During the March quarter, we took aggressive steps to reduce expenses,"
stated Robyn Denholm, Chief Financial Officer of Juniper Networks.  "The reduction in revenue was a reflection of the current macro economic environment and I am pleased with how quickly the team was able to implement cost reductions and deliver on our operating margin and EPS targets. In addition, we posted strong cash flows from operations and maintained a strong balance sheet.  We will continue to take the actions needed in order to align our cost-structure with anticipated revenue levels."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 23, 2009 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until June 12, 2009.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, JUNOS and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net other income and expense.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of retroactive tax legislation; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090521094607.txt.gz
TIME:20090521094607
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On May 21, 2009, the Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") adopted the following policy: It is the policy of the Compensation Committee that in unusual circumstances where the Committee believes that accommodations have to be made to recruit a new executive officer to the Company, limited reimbursement for excise taxes payable may be included in the executive officers contracts. In those circumstances, the excise tax "gross ups" will be limited to payments triggered by both a change in control and termination of employment and will be subject to a three-year sunset provision.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20090723160931.txt.gz
TIME:20090723160931
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 23, 2009, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating in come; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financi al statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the tables i n our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expense s, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) signifi cant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continui ng operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements wit h better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate c omparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense ass ociated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on July 23, 2009
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
JUNIPER NETWORKS REPORTS PRELIMINARY SECOND QUARTER 2009 FINANCIAL RESULTS
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 23, 2009
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended June 30, 2009.
Net revenues for the second quarter of 2009 increased 3% to $786.4 million from $764.2 million reported in the first quarter of 2009 and declined 11% on a year-over-year basis. The Company posted GAAP net income of $14.8 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $103.8 million, or $0.19 per diluted share. GAAP net income includes a non-recurring income tax charge of $52.1 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, related to a change in the tax treatment of stock-based compensation in research and development cost sharing arrangements for certain U.S. multinational companies due to a federal appellate court ruling in the second quarter of 2009. Non-GAAP net income per share represents an increase of 12% quarter-over-quarter from the $0.17 per diluted share reported for the first quarter of 2009 and a decrease of 32% from the $0.28 per diluted share reported for the second quarter of 2008. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Reportable Segment table below.
"We continue to take a disciplined approach to controlling operating expenses as we navigate this challenging economic period," said Kevin Johnson, Juniper's Chief Executive Officer. "With service provider sales relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, our sequential revenue increase was supported by double digit quarter-over-quarter growth in the enterprise market.  A solid product portfolio, compelling value proposition, and improved sales and marketing execution are enabling us to expand and diversify our customer base."
Juniper's operating margin for the second quarter of 2009 increased to 12.2% on a GAAP basis from 10.6% in the first quarter of 2009, and decreased from 18.3% in the prior year second quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2009 increased to 18.1% from 16.4% in the first quarter of 2009 and decreased from 23.6% in the prior year second quarter.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the second quarter of 2009 of $148.7 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $163.9 million in the first quarter.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the second quarter of 2009 were $45.2 million and $37.8 million, respectively.
"Juniper continues to execute well and deliver on its commitments to improving our overall cost structure and driving operational excellence, and this translated to higher earnings and good free cash flows in the second quarter," said Robyn Denholm, Juniper's Chief Financial Officer.  "As we move forward, we will maintain our focus on balancing our long term investments in our product roadmap as well as operating as leanly and efficiently as we can as a company."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 23, 2009 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until September 14, 2009.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, JUNOS and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net other income and expense.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004), , ("SFAS 123R") in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of SFAS 123R.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
Share-Based Payment
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20091006164058.txt.gz
TIME:20091006164058
EVENTS:	Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
TEXT:
ITEM: Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing.
(d) On October 6, 2009, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") filed an application to transfer the listing of the Companys common stock to the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") from the NASDAQ Global Select Market ("Nasdaq"). In addition, on October 6, 2009, the Company also provided Nasdaq written notice of the Companys intention to delist its common stock from Nasdaq. Subject to the approval of the NYSE, the Company expects that its common stock will begin trading on the NYSE under the symbol "JNPR" on October 29, 2009. The Companys common stock will continue to trade on Nasdaq until the transfer is completed.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20091019171935.txt.gz
TIME:20091019171935
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On October 14, 2009, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") entered into amendments to three existing leases for the Companys corporate headquarters facilities in Sunnyvale, California. The amendments were entered into with Sunnyvale Office Park, L.P., the successor in interest to CSVH Mathilda I, LLC, CSVH Mathilda II, LLC and CSVH Mathilda III, LLC, the successors in interest to Mathilda Operating Company LLC, the holding company of Mathilda Associates LLC and Mathilda Associates II LLC, the original landlords under the respective leases. Each lease was amended to: (1) extend the underlying lease term, and (2) establish new monthly base rent payments for periods after November 1, 2009. The new monthly base rent payments represent a significant reduction in base rent that would have been payable for the previously remaining terms of each of the underlying leases. A summary of the amendments is as follows: 1. The lease between Mathilda Associates LLC and the Company dated June 18, 1999, as amended, for the building located at 1194 N. Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale California was amended to extend the term of such lease to June 30, 2020. 2. The lease between Mathilda Associates LLC and the Company dated February 28, 2000, as amended, for the building located at 1184 N. Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale California was amended to extend the term of such lease to October 31, 2021. 3. The lease between Mathilda Associates II LLC and the Company dated August 15, 2000, as amended, for the building located at 1220 N. Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale California was amended to extend the term of such lease to November 30, 2022. The aggregate base rent payments under the amended leases are as follows: Period: Monthly Amount 11/1/09-6/30/11: $1,143,145.78* 7/1/11-6/30/12: $1,177,781.01 7/1/12-6/30/13: $1,213,455.30 7/1/13-6/30/14: $1,250,199.82 7/1/14-6/30/15: $1,288,046.67 7/1/15-6/30/16: $1,327,028.93 7/1/16-6/30/17: $1,367 ,180.65 7/1/17-6/30/18: $1,408,536.93 7/1/18-6/30/19: $1,451,133.89 7/1/19-6/30/20: $1,495,008.77 7/1/20-6/30/21: $1,042,194.66 7/1/21-10/31/21: $1,073,671.81 11/1/21-6/30/22: $617,846.56 7/1/22-11/30/22: $636,489.41 * The Company is entitled to a rent credit for the month of November 2009 in the amount of $347,072.42 against the base rent obligation.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20091022162011.txt.gz
TIME:20091022162011
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 22, 2009, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; oper ating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the for eseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the tables in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statem ents with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718")(formerly referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004)), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variet y of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and under lying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exerc ises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution fr om potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on October 22, 2009
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks, Inc. (408) 936-7804
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
JUNIPER NETWORKS REPORTS PRELIMINARY THIRD QUARTER 2009 FINANCIAL RESULTS
SUNNYVALE, Calif., October 22, 2009
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended September 30, 2009.
Net revenues for the third quarter of 2009 increased 5% to $823.9 million from $786.4 million reported in the second quarter of 2009 and declined 13% on a year-over-year basis. The Company posted GAAP net income of $83.8 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $122.5 million, or $0.23 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2009. Non-GAAP net income per share represents an increase of 21% quarter-over-quarter from the $0.19 per diluted share reported for the second quarter of 2009 and a decrease of 28% from the $0.32 per diluted share reported for the third quarter of 2008. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Reportable Segment table below.
"Juniper is driving execution and gaining momentum at a time when visibility in key areas of our business is beginning to improve," said Kevin Johnson, Juniper's Chief Executive Officer. "We are delivering on our R&D roadmap and customers are embracing our offer of integrated routing, switching and security on a common software platform  JUNOS.  Even as our optimism grows, macroeconomic conditions remain uncertain and we will continue to balance sound financial management with our investments in innovation and customer satisfaction."
Juniper's operating margin for the third quarter of 2009 increased to 15.5% on a GAAP basis from 12.2% in the second quarter of 2009, and decreased from 21.3% in the prior year third quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2009 increased to 20.8% from 18.1% in the second quarter of 2009 and decreased from 25.1% in the prior year third quarter.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the third quarter of 2009 of $223.9 million, compared to net cash from operations of $148.7 million in the second quarter of 2009.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the third quarter of 2009 were $33.8 million and $36.5 million, respectively.
"Juniper delivered solid results that featured sequential growth in our service provider and enterprise markets, as well as improved operating margins and good cash from operations," said Robyn Denholm, Juniper's Chief Financial Officer.  "On a year-to-date basis, we reduced non-GAAP operating expenses by 4 percent compared to the same period in 2008, while continuing to deliver on our product roadmap, illustrating that our teams are executing well on our core strategy and operating principles."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 22, 2009 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcasted live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until December 14, 2009.
About Juniper Networks, Inc.
Juniper Networks, Inc. is the leader in high-performance networking. Juniper offers a high-performance network infrastructure that creates a responsive and trusted environment for accelerating the deployment of services and applications over a single network. This fuels high-performance businesses. Additional information can be found at .
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks, JUNOS and the Juniper Networks logo are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors and resellers; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net other income and expense.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for; U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20091118171133.txt.gz
TIME:20091118171133
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e) In connection with the hiring of Kevin Johnson, the Chief Executive Officer of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"), the Company agreed to provide certain relocation benefits to Mr. Johnson to help facilitate sale of his home in the Seattle area and the move of his family to the San Francisco Bay Area, including up to 12 months of Company-paid long-term business housing in Sunnyvale, California. Due to weakness in the real estate market, on November 12, 2009, the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors approved a 12 month extension of such Company-paid long-term business housing.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100128161047.txt.gz
TIME:20100128161047
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 28, 2010, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; ope rating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will b e reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing n on-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income pe r share. Notes identified for line items in the tables in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) ret roactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accur ately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718")(formerly referred to as Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (revised 2004)), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation meth odologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-ba sed compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on January 28, 2010
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
JUNIPER NETWORKS REPORTS PRELIMINARY FOURTH QUARTER 2009 FINANCIAL RESULTS
Q4 Financial Highlights
2009 Financial Highlights
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2009.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., January 28, 2010
Net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2009 increased 2% on a year-over-year basis to $941.5 million. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2009, Juniper's revenue decreased 7% on a year-over-year basis to $3.32 billion.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $131.0 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $173.7 million, or $0.32 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2009. Non-GAAP net income per share remained flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2009, GAAP net income was $225.1 million, or $0.42 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income was $491.5 million, or $0.92 per diluted share. The non-GAAP EPS figure represents a decrease of 22% from the $1.18 per diluted share reported for the twelve months ended December 31, 2008. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Market table below.
"Juniper enters 2010 with good operational execution, improved financial results, and a clear strategic direction centered on innovation and expanded routes to market," said Kevin Johnson, Juniper's Chief Executive Officer.  "Our results for the year, capped by a strong fourth quarter, validate our commitment to managing the business carefully while maintaining investments in innovation that we believe will help us grow our share of the high-performance networking market.  We see improving conditions in 2010 and are positioning Juniper to accelerate out of the downturn."
Juniper's operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2009 decreased to 18.6% on a GAAP basis from 20.6% in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2009 decreased slightly to 24.4% from 24.5% in the same quarter a year ago. For the fiscal year 2009, Juniper's operating margin decreased to 14.5% on a GAAP basis from 19.5% for the prior fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fiscal year 2009, decreased to 20.2% from 24.2% in the fiscal year 2008.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the fourth quarter of 2009 of $259.6 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $215.1 million for the same quarter of 2008. For the year ended December 31, 2009, Juniper generated net cash from operations of $796.1 million, compared to $875.2 million in 2008.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the fourth quarter of 2009 were $39.9 million and $36.6 million, respectively. Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during 2009 were $153.1 million and $148.4 million, respectively.
"During 2009, we focused on continuing to improve our operational execution while increasing investments in our product roadmap.  Our fourth quarter results demonstrate good progress on both fronts. Revenue increased, we saw increased traction from our new products, and we managed expenses well," stated Robyn Denholm, Juniper's Chief Financial Officer. "We remain committed to thoughtfully managing our cost structure, and enter 2010 with optimism for an improved environment as the economy strengthens."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 28, 2010 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until March 15, 2010.
From devices to data centers, from consumers to the cloud, Juniper Networks delivers innovative software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. The company serves more than 30,000 customers and partners worldwide, and generated more than $3 billion in revenue over the last year. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
Reflects noncontrolling interest in a joint venture.
*
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net other income and expense.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for; U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments;; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100208163012.txt.gz
TIME:20100208163012
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
e) On February 2, 2010, the Compensation Committee of the Juniper Networks (the "Company") Board of Directors adopted the 2010 Annual Incentive Plan, a cash bonus plan in which the Companys named executive officers participate. Under the 2010 Annual Incentive Plan, each named executive officer has an incentive target specified for that individual which is expressed as a percentage of base salary. Target incentive percentages for the Companys named executive officers participating in the plan are as follows:  Kevin Johnson: 150%  Mark Bauhaus: 100%  Robyn Denholm: 100%  Kim Perdikou: 100%  Pradeep Sindhu: 100% Bonus determinations under the plan will be based on achievement of specified objectives during the year, with the portion of incentive target allocated to objectives as follows:  35% based on the Companys revenue growth  35% based on the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals However, in the case of a general manager of a business group, such as the Companys Infrastructure Products Group or Service Layer Technology Business Group, the incentive is based as follows:  25% based on the business groups revenue growth  25% based on the business groups operating margin  10% based on the Companys revenue growth  10% based on the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals The incentive amounts paid after the end of 2010 will depend on the level of achievement of each objective and range between zero and 200% of the target incentive allocated to each element.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100210163537.txt.gz
TIME:20100210163537
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") today issued a press release in which it announced a series of executive assignments. A copy of the press release is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1. In connection with this announcement, on February 5, 2010, Kim Perdikou, Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Companys Infrastructure Products Group, and Company management decided that she will transition from her current role to a newly created position at the Company, working directly with Company CEO Kevin Johnson to focus on developing and deepening Company relationships with service provider customers and partners.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on February 10, 2010
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

 Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR) today announced a new business group and a series of executive assignments that will enable the company to help service providers better respond to the technological and economic challenges they face today. The moves are aligned with the vision of the new network that transforms the economics and enables new experiences for customers globally.
SUNNYVALE, Calif, February 10, 2010
"Late last year, Juniper unveiled a new strategic vision and introduced a series of groundbreaking silicon, software, systems and partnerships to meet the New Network' demands of the next decade," said Kevin Johnson, Juniper's chief executive officer. "This New Network is based on smart systems, open software platforms and an approach that adapts to changing business dynamics by embracing partnerships and unleashing innovation. Today's announcements signal the next step in our evolution and underscore our commitment to helping customers tackle the relevant issues of economics and experiences."
Leading today's announcements is the formation of a new business group, the fourth in Juniper's organizational structure, called Junos Ready Software (JRS). JRS will be dedicated to creating and delivering an ecosystem of software and applications built on the Junos platform to solve the most pressing challenges facing customers today. These challenges include the development and deployment of advanced mobility and video solutions, automation of network tasks that reduces operating expenses, as well as the delivery of additional value-added services.
Junos Ready Software  A New Business Group Focused on Fueling Innovation
Junos is a high-performance network operating system that includes an SDK for the development of intelligent, on-board applications. The Junos platform integrates routing, switching, security, and network services to reduce complexity and simplify new deployments.
The Junos Ready Software group will deliver Juniper and partner-built applications, all running on the Junos platform. It will include the following specific operating components:
JRS will be headed by executive vice president and general manager, Manoj Leelanivas, an 11-year Juniper veteran and proven technology leader, who will now report directly to Juniper CEO Kevin Johnson. Leelanivas most recently served as senior vice president and general manager of the Edge and Aggregation business unit, where he led the development and launch of Juniper's groundbreaking MX 3D Series Universal Edge Routers. Additionally, he was responsible for notable progress in Juniper's Project Falcon initiative.
"I am honored to be named the head of Junos Ready Software, a dynamic new business group that will work collaboratively with our customers and partners to accelerate the pace of innovation needed to deliver services end-users require while dramatically improving our customer's top-line economics," said Leelanivas. "The initial tasks of JRS will be delivering on the Project Falcon roadmap, enabling mobile content delivery, advertising insertion, service monitoring and delivery  all optimized to run on the Junos software platform. We look forward to rolling out our initial wave of solutions and building on that foundation."
In addition to establishing the Junos Ready Software business group, Juniper also made two executive assignments to further strengthen the company's relationships with and contributions to service providers.
Additional Top Management Assignments to Enhance Customer Value
Kim Perdikou, a 10-year Juniper veteran, who most recently served as executive vice president and general manager of Juniper's Infrastructure Products Group (IPG), will move to a newly created position working directly with CEO Kevin Johnson to focus on developing and deepening Juniper relationships with service provider customers and partners. As executive vice president, Perdikou will join the office of the CEO in a new role that leverages her deep industry knowledge and customer relationships to guide key strategic projects that further Juniper's global market leadership.
During her four-year tenure as head of IPG, Perdikou oversaw a significant expansion of the group's portfolio, including the introduction of several innovative products, such as the multichassis-capable T1600 Core Router, JCS1200 Control System, the full MX 3D Series Universal Edge Routers, and the ongoing development of Juniper's mobile core solutions.
Stefan Dyckerhoff has been named executive vice president, assuming leadership responsibilities for IPG, reporting directly to Juniper CEO Kevin Johnson. An original member of Juniper's engineering team during the company's first seven years, Dyckerhoff recently rejoined the company from Cisco Systems.
While at Cisco Systems, Dyckerhoff served as vice president and general manager of the Edge Routing Business Unit (ERBU) and was responsible for managing a multi-billion dollar product portfolio targeted at both the service provider and enterprise markets. In addition to running ERBU, Dyckerhoff also served as the executive sponsor for some of the company's largest customers, as well as an executive member of several company cross-functional boards in the areas of service provider infrastructure, mobile internet, enterprise architecture and security.
"In order to truly help service providers succeed in the next decade, their vendors need to have the right mix of superior technology, a robust partner ecosystem and a unique, collaborative approach to solving business problems. This is why I chose to rejoin Juniper Networks and why I couldn't be more excited for our future," said Dyckerhoff, now executive vice president and general manager of IPG. "Thanks to Kim's leadership, IPG is well positioned for the future with a strong portfolio that includes the groundbreaking MX 3D Series routers and T Series chipsets, and a strong innovation pipeline. IPG will continue to focus on delivering quality products based on Junos that fundamentally improve the economics for our service provider customers by delivering best-in-class TCO and by building a network platform for revenue-generating Junos Ready Software applications."
Leelanivas, Perdikou and Dyckerhoff, as well as other Juniper executives, will be attending Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, next week where the company will be making additional announcements.
From devices to data centers, from consumers to the cloud, Juniper Networks delivers innovative software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. The company serves more than 30,000 customers and partners worldwide, and generated more than $3 billion in revenue over the last year. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.  The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100211080912.txt.gz
TIME:20100211080912
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company" or "Juniper") today announced that it has agreed in principle to settle the securities class action litigations pending against the Company and certain of its current and former officers and directors, contingent upon approval by the Boards of Trustees of the Lead Plaintiffs in those actions. The class actions were brought on behalf of persons and entities who bought or acquired the publicly traded securities of the Company from July 11, 2003 through August 10, 2006. The litigation arose from events that occurred several years ago relating to the granting of stock options to employees generally. Those practices have long been eliminated and new controls put in place. Juniper is pleased to put this longstanding matter behind it. Under the proposed settlement, the claims against the Company and its officers and directors will be dismissed with prejudice and released in exchange for a $169 million cash payment by the Company. In accordance with U.S. generall y accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), the Company will record the cash settlement amount as a pre-tax charge in its GAAP consolidated statement of operations for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2009. In its previous announcement of preliminary fourth quarter 2009 financial results on January 28, 2010, the Company reported GAAP net income of $131 million, or $0.24 per diluted share. The Company expects that this one-time charge will reduce previously reported GAAP net income by approximately $108 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2009. This settlement will not affect the Companys previously reported non-GAAP financial results for the fourth quarter of 2009. These effects will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements contained in the Companys Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2009 which is expected to be filed on or before March 1, 2010. The proposed settlement remains su bject to the satisfaction of various conditions, including negotiation and execution of a final stipulation of settlement and approval by the court following notice to members of the class.
Item 8.01 Other Events.
The disclosure under Item 2.02 above is incorporated herein by reference.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100223163427.txt.gz
TIME:20100223163427
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On February 23, 2010, Juniper Networks issued a press release announcing a new common stock repurchase authorization of up to $1 billion. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks on February 23, 2010
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Exhibit 99.1
 Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR) today announced that its board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program which enables the Company to purchase up to $1 billion of the Company's common stock.
Sunnyvale, Calif. February 23, 2010
This new authorization is in addition to the $1 billion stock repurchase program approved in 2008. To date, the Company has repurchased approximately $732 million of its stock under the $1 billion authorized in 2008.
Share repurchases under Juniper's stock repurchase programs will be subject to a review of the circumstances in place at the time and will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The program may be discontinued at any time.
From devices to data centers, from consumers to the cloud, Juniper Networks delivers innovative software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. The company serves more than 30,000 customers and partners worldwide, and generated more than $3 billion in revenue over the last year. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.  The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
This press release contains forward-looking statements about Juniper's common stock repurchase program, including the maximum amounts that may be purchased under the program. The statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond Juniper's control and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, changes in the market price of Juniper's common stock and changes in Juniper's financial results, financial condition and cash requirements. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100420160944.txt.gz
TIME:20100420160944
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 20, 2010, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense ; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financ ial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the tables in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impac ts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-b ased compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does no t reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and ex ercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such is suances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on April 20, 2010
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2010.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 20, 2010
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2010 increased 19% on a year-over-year basis to $912.6 million. The Company posted GAAP net income of $163.1 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $146.4 million, or $0.27 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2010. GAAP net income includes a non-recurring income tax benefit of $54.1 million, or $0.10 per diluted share, related to a change in the tax treatment of stock-based compensation in research and development cost sharing arrangements for certain U.S. multinational companies due to a federal appellate court ruling in the first quarter of 2010. Non-GAAP net income per share increased 59% compared to the first quarter of 2009. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Market table below.
In October 2009, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued new accounting guidance related to revenue recognition.  Juniper Networks adopted this accounting guidance early on a prospective basis for transactions originating or materially modified after December 31, 2009.  As a result, net revenues for the first quarter of 2010 were approximately $25 million higher than the net revenues that would have been recorded under the previous accounting rules.  The increase was attributable to transactions that were booked and shipped in the first quarter.
"Juniper executed very well in the first quarter and has set a solid foundation for growth in 2010," stated Kevin Johnson, Juniper's Chief Executive Officer. "We are building momentum by investing in and delivering innovative solutions in key areas like mobility and video that transform the economics and experiences of networking for our customers. Juniper is also executing well operationally as we evolve and scale our operation in support of our growth agenda."
Juniper's operating margin for the first quarter of 2010 increased to 17.6% on a GAAP basis from 10.6% in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2010 increased to 23.2% from 16.4% in the same quarter a year ago.
For the first quarter of 2010, Juniper generated cash from operations of approximately $257.9 million before litigation settlement payments of $169.3 million, which were incurred as charges against the Company's fourth quarter of 2009 results.  As a result of the litigation settlement payments, net cash from operations for the first quarter of 2010 was $88.5 million. Net cash from operations for the same quarter in 2009 was $163.9 million.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the first quarter of 2010 were $37.8 million and $35.3 million, respectively.
"I'm pleased with our first quarter financial results, which reflect good year-over-year growth in both revenue and earnings per share," stated Robyn Denholm, Juniper's Chief Financial Officer. "During the quarter, we delivered strong operating margins and cash flow from ongoing operations. We remain focused on operational excellence and believe we are well positioned as market conditions strengthen."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 20, 2010 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until June 15, 2010.
From devices to data centers, from consumers to the cloud, Juniper Networks delivers innovative software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. The company serves more than 30,000 customers and partners worldwide, and generated more than $3 billion in revenue over the last year. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net other income and expense.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for; U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Expenses, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Expenses
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100505163259.txt.gz
TIME:20100505163259
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 20, 2010, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2010, including supplemental information that split the Company's first quarter 2010 revenue between its enterprise and service provider markets and identified revenue growth rates within these markets and certain sub-regions of its Asia Pacific theater. As a result of preparing its quarterly report on Form 10-Q that was filed on May 5, 2010 (the "Q1 10-Q"), the Company is updating the preliminary results related to this revenue split by market and revenue growth rate information. These updated results do not affect the Company's previously announced total revenues, Infrastructure or SLT segment revenues, other geographical revenues, earnings, expenses or any other items previously reported by the Company in its consolidated statement of operations, balance sheet, or statement of cash flows.
Tables showing both the previously reported and updated data, including related data presented on the Company's first quarter 2010 earnings conference call, are set forth below. The updated data is reflected in the Q-1 10-Q.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100518165204.txt.gz
TIME:20100518165204
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
On May 12, 2010, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") held its annual meeting of stockholders at which the Companys stockholders voted upon the following proposals described in the Companys 2010 proxy statement: (1) To elect Robert M. Calderoni, William F. Meehan and Pradeep Sindhu to serve as Class II directors for a term of three years; (2) to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan that increases the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by thirty million (30,000,000) shares; and (3) to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Companys independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2010. All nominated directors were elected and the other proposals approved by the required stockholder vote. The final number of shares voted with respect to each proposal are as set forth below. (1) Proposal for election of Class II directors*: Robert M. Calderoni For: 248,177,357; Withheld: 188,813,412 William F. Meehan For: 431,493,220; Withheld: 5,497,549 Pradeep Sindhu For: 424,622,979; Withheld: 12,367,790 *results exclude 30,039,520 broker non-votes (2) Proposal to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan that increases the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by thirty million (30,000,000) shares*: For: 274,928,237; Against: 161,885,917; Abstain 176,615 *results exclude 30,039,520 broker non-votes (3) Proposal to ratify Ernst & Young LLP as auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2010: For: 460,345,046; Against: 6,561,125; Abstain: 124,118
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100519171359.txt.gz
TIME:20100519171359
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e) On May 13, 2010, after assessing the performance and the status of the relocation of Mr. Kevin Johnson, the Chief Executive Officer of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") to the San Francisco Bay Area, the Compensation Committee of the Companys Board of Directors authorized the Company to provide up to 100 flight hours on a private aircraft for the use of Mr. Johnson and his family for non-business travel completed on or before December 31, 2012. This arrangement will be considered taxable compensation to Mr. Johnson.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100701170814.txt.gz
TIME:20100701170814
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
e) On June 29, 2010, the Compensation Committee of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") established new annual base salaries for Kevin Johnson, the Companys CEO; Robyn Denholm, the Companys CFO; and Pradeep Sindhu, the Companys CTO; of $840,000, $525,000 and $550,000, respectively. These new base salaries are effective as of July 1, 2010. The Compensation Committee established these salaries as part of its 2010 executive compensation review after consideration of individual performance and peer group compensation data.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100720162944.txt.gz
TIME:20100720162944
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 20, 2010, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include tables presenting the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the table in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in o ur financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as non-cash expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financia l measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the non-GAAP financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes id entified for line items in the tables in our press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions resu lt in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts o f certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not re flect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exerci se by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organizations business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuan ces would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on July 20, 2010
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 99.1
 Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended June 30, 2010.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 20, 2010
Net revenues for the second quarter of 2010 increased 24% on a year-over-year basis to $978.3 million. The Company posted GAAP net income of $130.5 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $164.0 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2010. Non-GAAP net income per share increased 58% compared to the second quarter of 2009. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Market table below.
"Juniper continues to execute well on our growth agenda consistent with our 2010 operating principles," said Kevin Johnson, Juniper's Chief Executive Officer.  "With an expanding product portfolio and strong momentum in critical growth areas of high performance networking, we feel confident in our view of growth for the second half of 2010." 
Juniper's operating margin for the second quarter of 2010 increased to 18.9% on a GAAP basis from 17.6% in the first quarter of 2010, and increased from 12.2% in the prior year second quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2010 increased to 23.9% from 23.2% in the first quarter of 2010 and increased from 18.1% in the prior year second quarter.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the second quarter of 2010 of $221.3 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $88.5 million, after litigation settlement payments of $169.3 million, in the first quarter of 2010.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the second quarter of 2010, were $45.4 million and $37.5 million, respectively.
"In the quarter we made good progress on our long-term model both in terms of growth rates and higher operating margin. We continued to make investments in R&D and Sales and Marketing to ensure we capture the market opportunity ahead of us," said Robyn Denholm, Juniper's Chief Financial Officer.  "As the business outlook continues to improve, driving operational excellence throughout the organization will remain a key area of focus.  We are confident of delivering profitable growth in 2010."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 20, 2010 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until September 15, 2010.
From devices to data centers, from consumers to the cloud, Juniper Networks delivers innovative software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. The company serves more than 30,000 customers and partners worldwide, and generated more than $3 billion in revenue over the last year. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
Three Months Ended                   Six Months Ended                                                         June 30,                            June 30,                                                      2010             2009           2010               2009Americas                                       $494,221              $390,843           $982,689           $750,533Europe, Middle East, and Africa                 289,521               231,989            553,578            455,170Asia Pacific                                    194,558               163,531            354,651            344,843                                  ---------------------   -------------------   ----------------   ----------------Total                                          $978,300              $786,363         $1,890,918         $1,550,546                                  ---------------------   -------------------   ----------------   ----------------
 -  Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net other income and expense.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes
the following non-GAAP financial measures
from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for; U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100830171738.txt.gz
TIME:20100830171738
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e) On August 24, 2010, the Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") completed a periodic review of change of control severance agreements. As part of the review, the Committee approved updates to existing change of control severance agreements for certain officers of the Company, including Robyn Denholm, John Morris, Michael Rose and Pradeep Sindhu. The total number of officers approved for change of control agreements was also reduced by the Committee. The updated form of agreement will replace the existing change of control severance agreements for the approved officers, which existing agreements are due to expire on January 1, 2011. The updated agreements reflect no material changes to the benefits payable under the existing change of control agreements and will expire on January 1, 2014.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20100903171011.txt.gz
TIME:20100903171011
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(d) On August 31, 2010, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Juniper Networks (the "Company") elected David Schlotterbeck to serve as a Class III director. Pursuant to the terms of the Companys 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, on August 31, 2010, Mr. Schlotterbeck was automatically granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of the Companys common stock. The exercise price of the option is the closing market price of the Companys common stock on August 31, 2010. The option will vest and become exercisable as to 1/36th of the covered shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36th vesting on the day prior to the Companys annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant. Mr. Schlotterbeck will also be entitled to the standard non-employee director compensation arrangements as described in the Companys 2010 proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2010. Mr. Schlotterbeck was also appoin ted to serve on the Boards Audit Committee.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
(a) In connection with the appointment of Mr. Schlotterbeck, on August 31, 2010 the Board amended Section 3.2 of the Companys Bylaws to increase the size of the Board from nine members to ten members. A copy of the Companys Bylaws, as amended, is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. For purposes of these bylaws, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The board of directors, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the Whole Board, may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY STOCKHOLDERS
(i) At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting business must brought: (A) pursuant to the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (C) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(i) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has timely complied in proper written form with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(i). In addition, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action pursuant to these bylaws and applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (C) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders.
(a) To comply with clause (C) of Section 2.5(i) above, a stockholder's notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(i) and must be timely received by the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year's annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 2.5(i)(a). "Public Announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release released on Business Wire and/or reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news and/or wire service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto (the "1934 Act").
provided
however
(b) To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting: (1) a brief description of the business intended to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (3) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (4) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, (5) any material interest of the stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person in such business, and (6) a statement whether either such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (1) through (6), a "Business Solicitation Statement"). In addition, to be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must be supplemented not later than ten days following the record date to disclose the information contained in clauses (3) and (4) above as of the record date. For purposes of this Section 2.5, a "Stockholder Associated Person" of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and on whose behalf the proposal or nomination, as the case may be, is being made, or (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii).
(c) Without exception, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(i) and, if applicable, Section 2.5(ii). In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before the annual meeting if such stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business or if the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5(i), and, if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting that any such business not properly brought before the annual meeting shall not be conducted.
(ii) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii) shall be eligible for election or re-election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (B) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(ii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation.
(a) To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.5(ii) above, a nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(ii) and must be received by the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at the time set forth in, and in accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.5(i)(a) above.
(b) To be in proper written form, such stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth:
(1) as to each person (a "nominee") whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, (F) a written statement executed by the nominee acknowledging that as a director of the Corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Delaware law with respect to the Corporation and its stockholders, and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee if proxies were being solicited for the election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation the nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and
(2) as to such stockholder giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.5(i)(b) above, and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.5(i)(b) above (except that the references to "business" in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a statement whether either such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect such nominee(s) (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (A) and (B) above, a "Nominee Solicitation Statement").
(c) At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director must furnish to the secretary of the Corporation (1) that information required to be set forth in the stockholder's notice of nomination of such person as a director as of a date subsequent to the date on which the notice of such person's nomination was given and (2) such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; in the absence of the furnishing of such information if requested, such stockholder's nomination shall not be considered in proper form pursuant to this Section 2.5(ii).
(d) Without exception, no person shall be eligible for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation at an annual meeting of stockholders unless nominated in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
(iii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations for Special Meetings.
(a) For a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to Section 2.3, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors shall be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(iii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting and (B) delivers a timely written notice of the nomination to the secretary of the Corporation that includes the information set forth in Sections 2.5(ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above. To be timely, such notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at a special meeting unless the person is nominated (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (ii) by a stockholder in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(iii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
(b) The chairperson of the special meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination or business was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination or business shall be disregarded.
(iv) Other Requirements and Rights.
In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.5. Nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act and nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be ten (10). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
At such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
3.15 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
At least two-thirds of the members of the board of directors must be independent as defined by the requirements of the exchange on which the Corporation's securities are listed and any other requirements of applicable law, provided, that in the event one or more directors become non-independent or resign and such change causes the proportion of independent directors to be less than two-thirds of the board of directors, the Corporation shall have 150 days from the effective date of such determination or resignation to elect a new independent director. For purposes of this Section 3.15, "independence" shall be determined in accordance with the then applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the primary stock exchange on which the Corporation's stock is traded.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
Subject to applicable law, the Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20101019161046.txt.gz
TIME:20101019161046
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 19, 2010, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the tables in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financi al results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the re aders of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in th e tables in our press release above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for stock based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring charges and acquisition-related and other charges. Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that ar e the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and l osses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations. Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification (" ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of s tock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awardin g a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718. Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on October 19, 2010
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

 
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended September 30, 2010.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., October 19, 2010
Net revenues for the third quarter of 2010 increased 23% on a year-over-year basis, and increased 3% sequentially, to $1,012.4 million. The Company posted GAAP net income of $134.5 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $171.5 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2010. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share increased 39% compared to the third quarter of 2009 and increased 7% compared to last quarter. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Market table below.
"Juniper's results reflect our ability to deliver on the promise of the New Network with cost effective solutions that scale to meet growing network demand," said Kevin Johnson, Juniper's chief executive officer. "We anticipate customer demand to remain healthy and are well-positioned to drive further gains as we enable the deployment of secure, scalable wireless networks and deliver solutions to the growing cloud computing market."
Juniper's operating margin for the third quarter of 2010 increased to 19.3% on a GAAP basis from 18.9% in the second quarter of 2010, and increased from 15.5% in the prior year third quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2010 increased to 24.1% from 23.9% in the second quarter of 2010 and increased from 20.8% in the prior year third quarter.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the third quarter of 2010 of $131.4 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $221.3 million, in the second quarter of 2010, and $223.9 million in the same quarter of the prior year.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the third quarter of 2010, were $54.3 million and $39.6 million, respectively.
During the quarter, Juniper acquired SMobile Systems, Inc. for $69 million, a privately-held software company focused solely on smartphone and tablet security solutions for the enterprise, service provider, and consumer markets. With SMobile's product portfolio integrated with Junos Pulse, the Company has extended its security focus.
"We continue to execute well against the operating principles that we set at the beginning of the year," said Robyn Denholm, Juniper's chief financial officer.  "We exited this quarter with strong demand metrics and good momentum and we are on track to deliver 20% or higher revenue growth for the full year."
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 19, 2010 at 1:45 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial 201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until December 14, 2010.
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. The company serves customers and partners worldwide, generating revenues exceeding $3 billion over the last year. Additional information can be found at .
About Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
*Consists of non-GAAP operating income plus non-GAAP net other income and expense.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for stock based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, amortization of intangible assets, restructuring charges and acquisition-related and other charges.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110125160903.txt.gz
TIME:20110125160903
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
On January 25, 2011, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the tables in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the tables in our press release above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash.
Table of Contents
Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an
Table of Contents
option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks (408) 936-7804 kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
David Shane Juniper Networks (408) 936-4872
dshane@juniper.net
Cindy Ta Juniper Networks (408)936-6131 cta@juniper.net
Q4 Financial Highlights
2010 Financial Highlights
 Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2010, and provided its outlook for the three months ending March 31, 2011. Juniper's fourth quarter and full year 2010 results reflect record performance by the company as measured by non-GAAP net income and revenues.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., Jan. 25, 2011
Net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2010 increased 26% on a year-over-year basis and increased 18% sequentially, to $1.190 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2010, Juniper's revenue increased 23% on a year-over-year basis to $4.093 billion.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $190.2 million, or $0.35 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $228.6 million, or $0.42 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2010. Included in both the GAAP and non-GAAP net income per share is approximately $0.03 per share favorable impact due to the extension of R&D tax credit.
 
Non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2010 increased 31% on a year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter basis. For the year ended December 31, 2010, GAAP net income was $618.4 million, or $1.15 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income was $710.5 million, or $1.32 per diluted share.
Non-GAAP net income per diluted share, for the year ended December 31, 2010, increased 43% on a year-over-year basis. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Market table below.
"Juniper produced outstanding results in 2010, the first year of a multi-year growth strategy centered on mobile Internet and cloud computing trends," said Kevin Johnson, Juniper's chief executive officer. "2011 is an important next step as we prepare to introduce innovative new products that continue to deliver on the promise of the new network."
Juniper's operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2010 increased to 19.1% on a GAAP basis, up from 0.6% in the same quarter a year ago. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2010 increased slightly to 24.5% from 24.4% in the same quarter a year ago. For the fiscal year 2010, Juniper's operating margin increased to 18.8% on a GAAP basis from 9.4% for the prior fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fiscal year 2010 increased to 24.0% from 20.2% in the fiscal year 2009.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the fourth quarter of 2010 of $371.0 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $259.6 million for the same quarter of 2009. For the year ended December 31, 2010, Juniper generated net cash from operations of $812.3 million, compared to $796.1 million in 2009.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the fourth quarter of 2010 were $47.8 million and $42.9 million, respectively. Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the 2010 fiscal year were $185.3 million and $155.3 million, respectively.
"Juniper capped 2010 with a strong revenue and profit performance in the fourth quarter. The company executed well on the operating principles it set forth for the year, and we are showing strong returns on the investments we began making in 2009 in our innovation roadmap and the expansion of our routes to market," said Robyn Denholm, Juniper's chief financial officer. "We are focused on further enhancing our performance in 2011 by driving sustained, strong growth, improving margins, and leveraging our strong balance sheet."
Outlook
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
 
Conference Call Web Cast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 25, 2011 at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until April 14, 2011.
About Juniper Networks
From devices to data centers, from consumers to the cloud, Juniper Networks delivers innovative software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks (.
www.juniper.net)
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, stock based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance
Note B: Other Items
 
both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110211164217.txt.gz
TIME:20110211164217
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On March 2, 2009, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Committee") of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved a compensation arrangement for Scott Kriens, the Chairman of the Board to reflect the change in his responsibilities from Chief Executive Officer to an employee Chairman. On February 9, 2011, the Committee adopted a new compensation arrangement for Mr. Kriens. Mr. Kriens will remain an employee through April 1, 2011. After such date, he will become a non-employee Chairman of the Board. In addition to the standard annual directors fee of $55,000, Mr. Kriens will receive an annual Chairman fee of $75,000. He will also be entitled to receive the standard annual RSU grant to non-employee directors that is made on the date of the Companys Annual Meeting of Stockholders, prorated based on the date he becomes a non-employee director. The transition from employee to non-employee will result in the expiration of Mr. Kriens existing employee stock options e ither 30 days or 90 days after April 1, 2011 depending on the applicable grant. Because that expiration period would occur in part during the Companys standard quarterly trading blackout for executive officers and directors (which begins March 1, 2011 and is scheduled to end on the third trading day after the Company releases its financial results for its first fiscal quarter), Mr. Kriens has indicated that he expects to exercise and sell those options during February 2011. Aside from these stock options, Mr. Kriens continues to beneficially hold 8,678,177 shares of Common Stock as of the date of this filing.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110215170625.txt.gz
TIME:20110215170625
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.
On February 9, 2011, the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") adopted an amendment to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan to clarify the calculation of a prorated annual restricted stock unit grant to a director who becomes a non-employee director during the year preceding the date of the annual stockholder meeting based on the number of days such director was a non-employee director during such year.
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
2011 Executive Annual Incentive Plan On February 9, 2011, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee") adopted the 2011 Executive Annual Incentive Plan, a cash bonus plan in which the Companys executive officers participate (including the named executive officers). Under the 2011 Executive Annual Incentive Plan, each executive officer has an incentive target specified for that individual which is expressed as a percentage of base salary. Target incentive percentages for certain executive officers participating in the plan are as follows:  Kevin Johnson: 175%  Mark Bauhaus: 100%  Robyn Denholm: 100%  Mike Rose: 100%  John Morris: 100%  Pradeep Sindhu: 100% Bonus determinations under the plan will be based on achievement of specified objectives during the year, with the portion of incentive target allocated to objectives as follows:  35% based on the Companys revenue growth  35% based on the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals However, in the case of a general manager of a business group or business unit, such as the Companys Platform Systems Group, Device and Network Services Group or Junos Application Software Group, the incentive is based as follows:  35% based on the business groups or business units revenue growth  35% based on the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals The incentive amounts paid after the end of 2011 will depend on the level of achievement of each objective and range between zero and 200% of the target incentive allocated to each element. The Compensation Committee also determined the incentive compensation payouts under the 2010 Annual Incentive Plan for certain executive officers for fiscal year 2010 as follows: < br> Kevin Johnson: $1,599,000  Robyn Denholm: $584,000  Mark Bauhaus: $577,000  John Morris: $610,000  Pradeep Sindhu: $487,000 2011 Executive Officer Base Salaries and Equity Compensation On February 9, 2011, Compensation Committee established new annual base salaries for certain executive officers as follows:  Kevin Johnson: $1,000,000  Robyn Denholm: $550,000  Mark Bauhaus: $525,000  John Morris: $550,000  Pradeep Sindhu: $550,000 These new base salaries are effective as of April 1, 2011. The Compensation Committee established these salaries as part of its annual executive compensation review. The Compensation Committee also approved equity awards for named executive officers to be granted on February 18, 2011.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110304160214.txt.gz
TIME:20110304160214
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Underwriting Agreement
On February 28, 2011, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") entered into an underwriting agreement (the "Underwriting Agreement") with Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, as managers of the several underwriters listed on Schedule II thereto (the "Underwriters"), relating to the issuance and sale by the Company of $300 million aggregate principal amount of its 3.100% Senior Notes due 2016 (the "2016 Notes"), $300 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.600% Senior Notes due 2021 (the "2021 Notes") and $400 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% Senior Notes due 2041 (the "2041 Notes" and together with the 2016 Notes and the 2021 Notes, the "Notes") pursuant to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-168733) (the "Registration Statement"), including the prospectus contained therein, filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as supplemented by the preliminary prospectus supplement filed with the Commission on February 28, 2011 and the prospectus supplement filed with the Commission on March 1, 2011.
The Underwriting Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Underwriters against certain liabilities.
The description of the Underwriting Agreement contained herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Underwriting Agreement attached as Exhibit 1.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
Indenture
On March 3, 2011, the Company entered into an Indenture (the "Base Indenture"), between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the "Trustee"), as supplemented by a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2011 between the Company and the Trustee (the "Supplemental Indenture" and together with the Base Indenture, the "Indenture"), relating to the issuance by the Company of the Notes.
The 2016 Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.100% per annum on the principal amount, the 2021 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.600% per annum on the principal amount and the 2041 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.950% per annum on the principal amount. Interest on the Notes accrues from March 3, 2011 and is payable semiannually in arrears in cash on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2011. The 2016 Notes will mature on March 15, 2016, the 2021 Notes will mature on March 15, 2021 and the 2041 Notes will mature on March 15, 2041, in each case, subject to earlier repurchase or redemption, as described below.
The Notes are the Company's senior unsecured and unsubordinated obligations, ranking equally in right of payment to all of the Company's existing and future senior unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness and senior in right of payment to any of the Company's future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes. The Notes are effectively subordinated to any of the Company's secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of the Company's subsidiaries (including trade payables but excluding intercompany liabilities and liabilities of a type not required to be reflected in a balance sheet in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles).
The Company may redeem the Notes at any time, in whole or from time to time in part, for cash at the redemption prices described in the Indenture.
Upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, as defined in the Indenture, holders may require the Company to repurchase some or all of their Notes for cash at a price equal to 101% of the principal amount of the Notes being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any.
The Indenture includes certain customary covenants that limit the ability of the Company and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries to, among other things: create specified liens; enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions for the sale and leasing back of property; and consolidate or merge with or into other companies or sell all or substantially all of the Company's assets. The restricted covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications set forth in the Indenture.
The Indenture provides for customary events of default, including payment defaults, breaches of covenants, certain payment defaults at final maturity or acceleration of other indebtedness and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization with respect to the Company. If any event of default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, subject to the terms of the Indenture, the Trustee or the holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Notes of such series may, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by the holders), declare to be due and payable immediately the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest if any, on the applicable Notes. In the case of an event of default resulting from certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization with respect to the Company, such amounts with respect to the 2016 Notes, 2021 Notes or 2041 Notes, as applicable, will be due and payable immediately without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any holder of the Notes.
The description of the Indenture and the Notes is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Base Indenture, the Supplemental Indenture and the related forms of the 2016 Notes, 2021 Notes and 2041 Notes, which are included as Exhibits 4.1, 4.8, 4.9, 4.10 and 4.11 respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference.
From time to time in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, the Underwriters and their affiliates have engaged in commercial banking, derivatives and/or investment banking transactions with the Company and its affiliates. Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated have provided, and continue to provide, various investment banking services for the Company and its subsidiaries and other affiliates, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. In addition, from time to time in the ordinary course of business, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and their affiliates are and have been customers of the Company and its affiliates. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, the Trustee has provided trustee services to the Company other than in connection with the Notes.
 
The information set forth in Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.
 
(d) Exhibits.
The following exhibits are filed herewith:
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 1.1
 
 
February 28, 2011
To the Managers named in Schedule I hereto
for the Underwriters named in Schedule II hereto
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), proposes to issue and sell to the several underwriters named in Schedule II hereto (the ""), for whom you are acting as managers (the ""), the principal amount of its debt securities identified in Schedule I hereto (the ""), to be issued under the indenture dated as of the Closing Date (as defined herein) (the "") between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the "") together with a supplemental indenture to be entered into between the Company and the Trustee as of the Closing Date with respect to the Securities (the "" and, together with the Base Indenture, the ""). If the firm or firms listed in Schedule II hereto include only the Managers listed in Schedule I hereto, then the terms "Underwriters" and "Managers" as used herein shall each be deemed to refer to such firm or firms.
Company
Underwriters
Managers
Securities
Base Indenture
Trustee
Supplemental Indenture
Indenture
The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "") a registration statement, including a prospectus, (the file number of which is set forth in Schedule I hereto) on Form S-3, relating to securities (the ""), including the Securities, to be issued from time to time by the Company. The registration statement as amended to the date of this Agreement, including the information (if any) deemed to be part of the registration statement at the time of effectiveness pursuant to Rule 430A or Rule 430B under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""), is hereinafter referred to as the "" and the related prospectus covering the Shelf Securities dated September 3, 2010 in the form first used to confirm sales of the Securities (or in the form first made available to the Underwriters by the Company to meet requests of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) is hereinafter referred to as the "." The Basic Prospectus, as supplemented by the prospectus supplement specifically relating to the Securities in the form first used to confirm sales of the Securities (or in the form first made available to the Underwriters by the Company to meet requests of purchasers pursuant to Rule 173 under the Securities Act) is hereinafter referred to as the "," and the term "" means any preliminary form of the Prospectus. For purposes of this Agreement, "" has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Securities Act, "" means the preliminary prospectus together with the free writing prospectuses, if any, each identified in Schedule I hereto, and "" means a "bona fide electronic road show" as defined in Rule 433(h)(5) under the Securities Act that has been made available without restriction to any person. As used herein, the terms "Registration Statement," "Basic Prospectus," "preliminary prospectus,"
Commission
Shelf Securities
Securities Act
Registration Statement,
Basic Prospectus
Prospectus
preliminary prospectus
free writing prospectus
Time of Sale Prospectus
broadly available road show
"Time of Sale Prospectus" and "Prospectus" shall include the documents, if any, incorporated by reference therein. The terms "," "," and "" as used herein with respect to the Registration Statement, the Basic Prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any preliminary prospectus or free writing prospectus shall include all documents subsequently filed by the Company with the Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ""), that are deemed to be incorporated by reference therein.
supplement
amendment
amend
Exchange Act
1. . The Company represents and warrants to and agrees with each of the Underwriters that:
Representations and Warranties
(a) The Registration Statement has become effective; no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement is in effect, and no proceedings for such purpose are pending before or threatened by the Commission.
(b) (i) Each document, if any, filed or to be filed pursuant to the Exchange Act and incorporated by reference in the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus complied or will comply when so filed in all material respects with the Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, (ii) each part of the Registration Statement, when such part became effective, did not contain, and each such part, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (iii) the Registration Statement as of the date hereof does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (iv) the Registration Statement and the Prospectus comply, and as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will comply in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder, (v) the Time of Sale Prospectus does not, and at the time of each sale of the Securities in connection with the offering when the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers and at the Closing Date (as defined in Section 4), the Time of Sale Prospectus, as then amended or supplemented by the Company, if applicable, will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (vi) each broadly available road show, if any, when considered together with the Time of Sale Prospectus, does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading and (vii) the Prospectus does not contain and, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
 
fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except that the representations and warranties set forth in this paragraph do not apply to (A) statements or omissions in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus based upon information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through the Managers expressly for use therein or (B) that part of the Registration Statement that constitutes the Statement of Eligibility (Form T-1) under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (the ""), of the Trustee.
Trust Indenture Act
(c) The Company is not an "ineligible issuer" in connection with the offering pursuant to Rules 164, 405 and 433 under the Securities Act. Any free writing prospectus that the Company is required to file pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act has been, or will be, filed with the Commission in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Each free writing prospectus that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act or that was prepared by or behalf of or used or referred to by the Company complies or will comply in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder. Except for the free writing prospectuses, if any, identified in Schedule I hereto, and electronic road shows, if any, each furnished to you before first use, the Company has not prepared, used or referred to, and will not, without your prior consent, prepare, use or refer to, any free writing prospectus.
(d) The Company has been duly incorporated, is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Time of Sale Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in Section 1(k) below).
(e) Each "significant subsidiary" (as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act) of the Company (each, a "") has been duly incorporated, is validly existing as a corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, has the corporate power and authority to own its property and to conduct its business as described in the Time of Sale Prospectus and is duly qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the conduct of its business or its ownership or leasing of property requires such qualification, except to the extent that the failure
Significant Subsidiary
 
to be so qualified or be in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect; all of the issued shares of capital stock or membership interests of each Significant Subsidiary of the Company have been duly and validly authorized and issued, are fully paid and non-assessable and are owned directly or indirectly by the Company (except for director qualifying shares or similar requirements), free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, equities or claims. The subsidiaries listed on Exhibit 21.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010 are the only "Significant Subsidiaries" of the Company.
(f) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Company.
(g) On the Closing Date, the Indenture will have been duly qualified under the Trust Indenture Act and will be duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and will be a valid and binding agreement of, the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights and to general equity principles, including principles of commercial reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (the "").
Enforceability Exceptions
(h) The Securities have been duly authorized and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to the Enforceability Exceptions, and will be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.
(i) The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities, will not contravene any provision of (i) applicable law or (ii) the certificate of incorporation or by-laws of the Company or (iii) any agreement or other instrument binding upon the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, or (iv) any judgment, order or decree of any governmental body, agency or court having jurisdiction over the Company or any Significant Subsidiary, except, in the case of clauses (i), (iii) or (iv), as would not, individually or on the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect; and no consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency is required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture or the Securities, except such as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities or as contemplated by this Agreement, the Indenture and the Securities.
 
(j) There has not occurred any material adverse change, or any development involving a prospective material adverse change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that set forth in the Time of Sale Prospectus.
(k) There are no legal or governmental proceedings pending or threatened to which the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries is a party or to which any of the properties of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries is subject (i) other than proceedings accurately described in all material respects in the Time of Sale Prospectus and proceedings that would not have a material adverse effect on the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or on the power or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Indenture or the Securities or to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Time of Sale Prospectus (a "") or (ii) that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus and are not so described; and there are no statutes, regulations, contracts or other documents that are required to be described in the Registration Statement or the Prospectus or to be filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that are not described or filed as required.
Material Adverse Effect
(l) Each preliminary prospectus filed as part of the registration statement as originally filed or as part of any amendment thereto, or filed pursuant to Rule 424 under the Securities Act, complied when so filed in all material respects with the Securities Act and the applicable rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
(m) The Company is not, and after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Securities and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Prospectus will not be, required to register as an "investment company" as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
(n) The Company and its Significant Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety, the environment or hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (""), (ii) have received all permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where such noncompliance with Environmental Laws, failure to receive required permits, licenses or other approvals or failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such
Environmental Laws
 
permits, licenses or approvals would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.
(o) Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, nor any director, officer, or employee, nor, to the Company's knowledge, any agent or representative of the Company or of any of its subsidiaries or affiliates, has taken or will take any action in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization or approval of the payment or giving of money, property, gifts or anything else of value, directly or indirectly, to any "government official" (including any officer or employee of a government or government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office) to influence official action or secure an improper advantage in violation of applicable law; and the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates have conducted their businesses in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and have instituted and maintain and will continue to maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and with the representation and warranty contained herein.
(p) (i) Except as disclosed in the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, (x) the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries own or possess, or can acquire or license on reasonable terms, all material patents, patent applications, inventions, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trademark registrations, service mark registrations, domain names, copyrights, copyright applications, licenses, know-how (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures) and other intellectual property ("") currently employed by them in the conduct of their respective businesses, except for such failures to own or possess, or to acquire or license on reasonable terms, as would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and (y) to the Company's knowledge, all Intellectual Property owned by the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries is free and clear of all liens, encumbrances, defects or other restrictions (including, without limitation, those imposed by any judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree of any arbitrator, court or other governmental authority), except as would not materially impair the conduct of the business of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries as currently conducted, taken as a whole. (ii) Except as disclosed in the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, to the Company's knowledge, (x) there is no pending lawsuit or legal proceeding brought by a third party that claims that the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual Property owned by such third party that, if the subject of an unfavorable decision, would be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and (y) none of the Intellectual
Intellectual Property
 
Property owned by the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries is invalid or unenforceable, except for Intellectual Property the invalidity or unenforceability of which would not have a material adverse effect on the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
(q) (i) To the Company's knowledge, except as disclosed in the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in material compliance with all applicable financial recordkeeping and reporting requirements, including, as applicable, those of the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), and the applicable anti-money laundering statutes of jurisdictions where the Company and its subsidiaries conduct business, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any governmental agency (collectively, the ""); and (ii) no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to the Anti-Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened.
Anti-Money Laundering Laws
(r) Except, in the case of (i) and (iii) below, with all necessary licenses and approvals required by applicable law:
(i) The Company represents that neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, or employee thereof nor, to the Company's knowledge, any agent, affiliate or representative of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, is an individual or entity ("") that is, or is owned or controlled by a Person that is:
Person
(A) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (""), the United Nations Security Council (""), the European Union (""), Her Majesty's Treasury (""), or other relevant sanctions authority (collectively, ""), nor
OFAC
UNSC
EU
HMT
Sanctions
(B) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, without limitation, Burma/Myanmar, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria);
(ii) The Company represents and covenants that it will not, directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the offering, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person:
 
(A) to fund or facilitate any activities or business of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of Sanctions; or
(B) in any other manner that will result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person (including any Person participating in the offering, whether as underwriter, advisor, investor or otherwise).
(iii) The Company represents and covenants that it and its subsidiaries have not knowingly engaged in, are not now knowingly engaged in, and will not engage in, any dealings or transactions with any Person, or in any country or territory, that at the time of the dealing or transaction is or was the subject of Sanctions.
(s) Except as disclosed in the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus, (i) the Company and each of its Significant Subsidiaries have filed all federal, state, local and foreign tax returns required to be filed through the date of this Agreement or have requested extensions thereof (except where the failure to file would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect) and have paid all taxes required to be paid thereon (except for cases in which the failure to file or pay would not have a material adverse effect, or, except as currently being contested in good faith and for which reserves required by U.S. GAAP, if any, have been created in the financial statements of the Company), and (ii) no tax deficiency has been determined adversely to the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries which has had (nor does the Company nor any of its Significant Subsidiaries have any notice or knowledge of any tax deficiency which could reasonably be expected to have) a Material Adverse Effect.
(t) The Company maintains a system of internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that complies with the requirements of the Exchange Act. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective based on the criteria established in "Internal Control  Integrated Framework" issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission; and the Company is not aware of any material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting.
(u) Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included or incorporated by reference in the Time of Sale Prospectus, there has been no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting.
(v) The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act) that
 
comply with the requirements of the Exchange Act; such disclosure controls and procedures have been designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to the Company's principal executive officer and principal financial officer by others within those entities; and such disclosure controls and procedures are effective such that the information relating to the Company required to be disclosed in its reports required to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Commission rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
(w) There is and has been no material failure on the part of the Company or, to the Company's knowledge, any of the Company's directors or officers, in their capacities as such, to comply with any provision of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated in connection therewith, including Section 402 related to loans and Sections 302 and 906 related to certifications.
2. . The Company hereby agrees to sell to the several Underwriters, and each Underwriter, upon the basis of the representations and warranties herein contained, but subject to the conditions hereinafter stated, agrees, severally and not jointly, to purchase from the Company the respective principal amounts of Securities set forth in Schedule II hereto opposite its name at the purchase price set forth in Schedule I hereto.
Agreements to Sell and Purchase
3. . The Company is advised by you that the Underwriters propose to make a public offering of their respective portions of the Securities as soon after the Registration Statement and this Agreement have become effective as in your judgment is advisable. The Company is further advised by you that the Securities are to be offered to the public upon the terms set forth in the Prospectus.
Public Offering
4. . Payment for the Securities shall be made to the Company in Federal or other funds immediately available in New York City on the closing date and time set forth in Schedule I hereto, or at such other time on the same or such other date, not later than the fifth business day thereafter, as may be designated in writing by you. The time and date of such payment are hereinafter referred to as the "."
Payment and Delivery
Closing Date
Payment for the Securities shall be made against delivery to you on the Closing Date for the respective accounts of the several Underwriters of the Securities registered in such names and in such denominations as you shall request in writing not later than one full business day prior to the Closing Date, with transfer taxes, if any, payable in connection with the transfer of the Securities to the Underwriters duly paid.
 
5. . The several obligations of the Underwriters are subject to the following conditions:
Conditions to the Underwriters' Obligations
(a) Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date:
(i) there shall not have occurred any downgrading, nor shall any notice have been given of any intended or potential downgrading or of any review for a possible change that does not indicate the direction of the possible change, in the rating accorded the Company or any of the securities of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries by any "nationally recognized statistical rating organization," as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 436(g)(2) under the Securities Act; and
(ii) there shall not have occurred any change, or any development involving a prospective change, in the condition, financial or otherwise, or in the earnings, business or operations of the Company and its Significant Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, from that set forth in the Time of Sale Prospectus as of the date of this Agreement that, in your judgment, is material and adverse and that makes it, in your judgment, impracticable to market the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Time of Sale Prospectus.
(b) The Underwriters shall have received on the Closing Date a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by an executive officer of the Company, to the effect set forth in Section 5(a)(i) above and to the effect that the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement are true and correct as of the Closing Date and that the Company has complied in all material respects with all of the agreements and satisfied all of the conditions on its part to be performed or satisfied hereunder on or before the Closing Date. The officer signing and delivering such certificate may rely upon his or her knowledge as to proceedings threatened.
(c) The Underwriters shall have received on the Closing Date an opinion of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati Professional Corporation, outside counsel for the Company, dated the Closing Date, substantially in the form attached hereto as Annex A.
(d) The Underwriters shall have received on the Closing Date an opinion of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Underwriters, dated the Closing Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Managers.
The opinion of counsel for the Company described in Section 5(c) above shall be rendered to the Underwriters at the request of the Company and shall so state therein.
 
(e) The Underwriters shall have received, on each of the date hereof and the Closing Date, a letter dated the date hereof or the Closing Date, as the case may be, in form and substance satisfactory to the Underwriters, from Ernst & Young LLP, independent public accountants, containing statements and information of the type ordinarily included in accountants' "comfort letters" to underwriters with respect to the financial statements and certain financial information contained in the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus and the Prospectus; that the letter delivered on the Closing Date shall use a "cut-off date" not earlier than the date hereof.
provided
6. . The Company covenants with each Underwriter as follows:
Covenants of the Company
(a) To furnish to you, without charge, a signed copy of the Registration Statement (including exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein) and to deliver to each of the Underwriters during the period mentioned in Section 6(e) or 6(f) below, as many copies of the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus, any documents incorporated by reference therein and any supplements and amendments thereto or to the Registration Statement as you may reasonably request.
(b) Before amending or supplementing the Registration Statement, the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus, to furnish to you a copy of each such proposed amendment or supplement and not to file any such proposed amendment or supplement to which you reasonably object.
(c) To furnish to you a copy of each proposed free writing prospectus to be prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company and not to use or refer to any proposed free writing prospectus to which you reasonably object.
(d) Not to take any action that would result in an Underwriter or the Company being required to file with the Commission pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of the Underwriter that the Underwriter otherwise would not have been required to file thereunder.
(e) If the Time of Sale Prospectus is being used to solicit offers to buy the Securities at a time when the Prospectus is not yet available to prospective purchasers and any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances, not misleading, or if any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which the Time of Sale Prospectus conflicts with the
 
information contained in the Registration Statement then on file, or if, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, it is necessary to amend or supplement the Time of Sale Prospectus to comply with applicable law, forthwith to prepare, file with the Commission and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and to any dealer upon request, either amendments or supplements to the Time of Sale Prospectus so that the statements in the Time of Sale Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances when the Time of Sale Prospectus is delivered to a prospective purchaser, be misleading or so that the Time of Sale Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will no longer conflict with the Registration Statement, or so that the Time of Sale Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law.
(f) If, during such period after the first date of the public offering of the Securities as in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters the Prospectus (or in lieu thereof the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Securities Act) is required by law to be delivered in connection with sales by an Underwriter or dealer, any event shall occur or condition exist as a result of which it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus (or in lieu thereof the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Securities Act) is delivered to a purchaser, not misleading, or if, in the opinion of counsel for the Underwriters, it is necessary to amend or supplement the Prospectus to comply with applicable law, forthwith to prepare, file with the Commission and furnish, at its own expense, to the Underwriters and to the dealers (whose names and addresses you will furnish to the Company) to which Securities may have been sold by you on behalf of the Underwriters and to any other dealers upon request, either amendments or supplements to the Prospectus so that the statements in the Prospectus as so amended or supplemented will not, in the light of the circumstances when the Prospectus (or in lieu thereof the notice referred to in Rule 173(a) of the Securities Act) is delivered to a purchaser, be misleading or so that the Prospectus, as amended or supplemented, will comply with applicable law.
(g) To endeavor to qualify the Securities for offer and sale under the securities or Blue Sky laws of such jurisdictions as you shall reasonably request; that in connection therewith the Company shall not be required to qualify as a foreign corporation or to file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction or assume any ongoing reporting obligations to any governmental or other authorities in any jurisdiction.
provided
(h) To the extent not available on the Commission's EDGAR filing system (or any successor system), to make generally available to the Company's security holders and to you as soon as practicable an earning
 
statement covering a period of at least twelve months beginning with the first fiscal quarter of the Company occurring after the date of this Agreement which shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission thereunder.
(i) Whether or not the transactions contemplated in this Agreement are consummated or this Agreement is terminated, to pay or cause to be paid all expenses incident to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement, including: (i) the fees, disbursements and expenses of the Company's counsel and the Company's accountants in connection with the registration and delivery of the Securities under the Securities Act and all other fees or expenses in connection with the preparation and filing of the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus, any free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of, used by, or referred to by the Company and amendments and supplements to any of the foregoing, including the filing fees payable to the Commission relating to the Securities, all printing costs associated therewith, and the mailing and delivering of copies thereof to the Underwriters and dealers, in the quantities hereinabove specified, (ii) all costs and expenses related to the transfer and delivery of the Securities to the Underwriters, including any transfer or other taxes payable thereon, (iii) the cost of printing or producing any Blue Sky or legal investment memorandum in connection with the offer and sale of the Securities under state securities laws and all expenses in connection with the qualification of the Securities for offer and sale under state securities laws as provided in Section 6(g) hereof, including filing fees and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Underwriters in connection with such qualification and in connection with the Blue Sky or legal investment memorandum, (iv) any fees charged by the rating agencies for the rating of the Securities, (v) the cost of the preparation, issuance and delivery of the Securities, (vi) the costs and charges of any trustee, transfer agent, registrar or depositary, (vii) the costs and expenses of the Company relating to investor presentations on any "road show" undertaken in connection with the marketing of the offering of the Securities, including, without limitation, expenses associated with the preparation or dissemination of any electronic road show, expenses associated with the production of road show slides and graphics and fees, (viii) the document production charges and expenses associated with printing this Agreement and (ix) all other costs and expenses incident to the performance of the obligations of the Company hereunder for which provision is not otherwise made in this Section. It is understood, however, that except as provided in this Section, Section 8 entitled "Indemnity and Contribution," and the last paragraph of Section 10 below, the Underwriters will pay all of their costs and expenses, including fees and disbursements of their counsel, transfer taxes payable on resale of any of the Securities by them and any advertising expenses connected with any offers they may make.
 
(j) During the period beginning on the date hereof and continuing to and including the Closing Date, not to offer, sell, contract to sell or otherwise dispose of any debt securities of the Company or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire debt securities of the Company substantially similar to the Securities (other than (i) the Securities, (ii) commercial paper issued in the ordinary course of business or (iii) securities or warrants permitted with the prior written consent of the Managers).
(k) To prepare a final term sheet relating to the offering of the Securities, containing only information that describes the final terms of the Securities or the offering in a form consented to by the Managers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld), and to file such final term sheet within the period required by Rule 433(d)(5)(ii) under the Securities Act following the date the final terms have been established for the offering of the Securities.
7. . Each Underwriter severally covenants with the Company not to take any action that would result in the Company being required to file with the Commission under Rule 433(d) a free writing prospectus prepared by or on behalf of such Underwriter that otherwise would not be required to be filed by the Company thereunder, but for the action of the Underwriter.
Covenants of the Underwriters
8. . (a) The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless each Underwriter, each person, if any, who controls any Underwriter within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act, its agents and each affiliate of any Underwriter within the meaning of Rule 405 under the Securities Act from and against any and all losses, claims, damages and liabilities (including, without limitation, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with defending or investigating any such action or claim) caused by any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the Registration Statement or any amendment thereof, any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any issuer free writing prospectus as defined in Rule 433(h) under the Securities Act, any Company information that the Company has filed, or is required to file, pursuant to Rule 433(d) under the Securities Act or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto, or caused by any omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, except insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities are caused by any such untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or omission based upon information relating to any Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through you expressly for use therein.
Indemnity and Contribution
(b) Each Underwriter agrees, severally and not jointly, to indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its directors, its officers who
 
signed the Registration Statement and each person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of either Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act to the same extent as the foregoing indemnity from the Company to such Underwriter, but only with reference to information relating to such Underwriter furnished to the Company in writing by such Underwriter through you expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, any issuer free writing prospectus or the Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto.
(c) In case any proceeding (including any governmental investigation) shall be instituted involving any person in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 8(a) or 8(b), such person (the "") shall promptly notify the person against whom such indemnity may be sought (the "") in writing and the indemnifying party, upon request of the indemnified party, shall retain counsel reasonably satisfactory to the indemnified party to represent the indemnified party and any others the indemnifying party may designate in such proceeding and shall pay the fees and disbursements of such counsel related to such proceeding. In any such proceeding, any indemnified party shall have the right to retain its own counsel, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such indemnified party unless (i) the indemnifying party and the indemnified party shall have mutually agreed to the retention of such counsel or (ii) the named parties to any such proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include both the indemnifying party and the indemnified party and representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between them. It is understood that the indemnifying party shall not, in respect of the legal expenses of any indemnified party in connection with any proceeding or related proceedings in the same jurisdiction, be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one separate firm (in addition to any local counsel) for all such indemnified parties and that all such fees and expenses shall be reimbursed as they are incurred. Such firm shall be designated in writing by the Managers, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 8(a), and by the Company, in the case of parties indemnified pursuant to Section 8(b). The indemnifying party shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the indemnifying party agrees to indemnify the indemnified party from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, if at any time an indemnified party shall have requested an indemnifying party to reimburse the indemnified party for fees and expenses of counsel as contemplated by the second and third sentences of this paragraph, the indemnifying party agrees that it shall be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its written consent if (i) such settlement is entered into more than
indemnified party
indemnifying party
 
30 days after receipt by such indemnifying party of the aforesaid request and (ii) such indemnifying party shall not have reimbursed the indemnified party in accordance with such request prior to the date of such settlement. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the indemnified party, effect any settlement of any pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which any indemnified party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have been sought hereunder by such indemnified party, unless such settlement (x) includes an unconditional release of such indemnified party from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such proceeding and (y) does not include any statement as to fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
(d) To the extent the indemnification provided for in Section 8(a) or 8(b) is unavailable to an indemnified party or insufficient in respect of any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to therein, then each indemnifying party under such paragraph, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified party thereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (i) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand from the offering of the Securities or (ii) if the allocation provided by clause 8(d)(i) above is not permitted by applicable law, in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only the relative benefits referred to in clause 8(d)(i) above but also the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and of the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the statements or omissions that resulted in such losses, claims, damages or liabilities, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand in connection with the offering of the Securities shall be deemed to be in the same respective proportions as the net proceeds from the offering of the Securities (before deducting expenses) received by the Company and the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by the Underwriters bear to the aggregate initial public offering price of the Securities as set forth in the Prospectus. The relative fault of the Company on the one hand and the Underwriters on the other hand shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Company or by the Underwriters and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Underwriters' respective obligations to contribute pursuant to this Section 8 are several in proportion to the respective principal amounts of Securities they have purchased hereunder, and not joint.
 
(e) The Company and the Underwriters agree that it would not be just or equitable if contribution pursuant to this Section 8 were determined by allocation (even if the Underwriters were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation that does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to in Section 8(d). The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the losses, claims, damages and liabilities referred to in Section 8(d) shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8, no Underwriter shall be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total underwriting discounts and commissions received by such Underwriter with respect to the sale of the Securities exceeds the amount of any damages that such Underwriter has otherwise been required to pay by reason of such untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation. The remedies provided for in this Section 8 are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies which may otherwise be available to any indemnified party at law or in equity.
pro rata
(f) The indemnity and contribution provisions contained in this Section 8 and the representations, warranties and other statements of the Company contained in this Agreement shall remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of (i) any termination of this Agreement, (ii) any investigation made by or on behalf of any Underwriter, any person controlling any Underwriter or any affiliate of any Underwriter or by or on behalf of the Company, its officers or directors or any person controlling the Company and (iii) acceptance of and payment for any of the Securities.
9. . The Underwriters may terminate this Agreement by notice given by you to the Company, if after the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the Closing Date (i) trading generally shall have been suspended or materially limited on, or by, as the case may be, any of the New York Stock Exchange (including the New York Stock Exchange LLC), the NASDAQ Global Market, the Chicago Board of Options Exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or the Chicago Board of Trade, (ii) trading of any securities of the Company shall have been suspended on any exchange or in any over-the-counter market, (iii) a material disruption in securities settlement, payment or clearance services in the United States shall have occurred, (iv) any moratorium on commercial banking activities shall have been declared by Federal or New York State authorities or (v) there shall have occurred any outbreak or escalation of hostilities, or any change in financial markets or any calamity or
Termination
 
crisis that, in your judgment, is material and adverse and which, singly or together with any other event specified in this clause (v), makes it, in your judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offer, sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated in the Time of Sale Prospectus or the Prospectus.
10. . This Agreement shall become effective upon the execution and delivery hereof by the parties hereto.
Effectiveness; Defaulting Underwriters
If, on the Closing Date, any one or more of the Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities that it has or they have agreed to purchase hereunder on such date, and the aggregate principal amount of Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase is not more than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the Securities to be purchased on such date, the other Underwriters shall be obligated severally in the proportions that the principal amount of Securities set forth opposite their respective names in Schedule II bears to the aggregate principal amount of Securities set forth opposite the names of all such non-defaulting Underwriters, or in such other proportions as you may specify, to purchase the Securities which such defaulting Underwriter or Underwriters agreed but failed or refused to purchase on such date; that in no event shall the principal amount of Securities that any Underwriter has agreed to purchase pursuant to this Agreement be increased pursuant to this Section 10 by an amount in excess of one-ninth of such principal amount of Securities without the written consent of such Underwriter. If, on the Closing Date, any Underwriter or Underwriters shall fail or refuse to purchase Securities and the aggregate principal amount of Securities with respect to which such default occurs is more than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of Securities to be purchased on such date, and arrangements satisfactory to you and the Company for the purchase of such Securities are not made within 36 hours after such default, this Agreement shall terminate without liability on the part of any non-defaulting Underwriter or the Company. In any such case either you or the Company shall have the right to postpone the Closing Date, but in no event for longer than seven days, in order that the required changes, if any, in the Registration Statement, in the Time of Sale Prospectus, in the Prospectus or in any other documents or arrangements may be effected. Any action taken under this paragraph shall not relieve any defaulting Underwriter from liability in respect of any default of such Underwriter under this Agreement.
provided
If this Agreement shall be terminated by the Underwriters, or any of them, because of any failure or refusal on the part of the Company to comply with the terms or to fulfill any of the conditions of this Agreement, or if for any reason the Company shall be unable to perform its obligations under this Agreement (other than in any event for which such failure to perform by the Company was a direct result of a failure to perform by the Underwriters under this Agreement), the Company will reimburse the Underwriters or such Underwriters as have so terminated this Agreement with respect to themselves, severally, for all out-of-pocket expenses (including the fees and disbursements of their counsel)
 
reasonably incurred by such Underwriters in connection with this Agreement or the offering contemplated hereunder.
11. . (a) This Agreement, together with any contemporaneous written agreements and any prior written agreements (to the extent not superseded by this Agreement) that relate to the offering of the Securities, represents the entire agreement between the Company and the Underwriters with respect to the preparation of any preliminary prospectus, the Time of Sale Prospectus, the Prospectus, the conduct of the offering, and the purchase and sale of the Securities.
Entire Agreement
(b) The Company acknowledges that in connection with the offering of the Securities: (i) the Underwriters have acted at arms length, are not agents of, and owe no fiduciary duties to, the Company or any other person, (ii) the Underwriters owe the Company only those duties and obligations set forth in this Agreement and prior written agreements (to the extent not superseded by this Agreement), if any, and (iii) the Underwriters may have interests that differ from those of the Company. The Company waives to the full extent permitted by applicable law any claims it may have against the Underwriters arising from an alleged breach of fiduciary duty in connection with the offering of the Securities.
12. . This Agreement may be signed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
Counterparts
13. . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York.
Applicable Law
14. . The headings of the sections of this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not be deemed a part of this Agreement.
Headings
15. . All communications hereunder shall be in writing and effective only upon receipt and if to the Underwriters shall be delivered, mailed or sent to you at the address set forth in Schedule I hereto; and if to the Company shall be delivered, mailed or sent to the address set forth in Schedule I hereto.
Notices
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accepted as of the date hereof
BARCLAYS CAPITAL INC.
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.
MORGAN STANLEY & CO. INCORPORATED
Acting severally on behalf of themselves and the several
Underwriters named in Schedule II hereto
 
SCHEDULE I
 
 
 
 
SCHEDULE II
 
 
ANNEX A
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We have participated in conferences with representatives of the Company, the Underwriters and counsel for the Underwriters and with representatives of the Company's independent accountants and counsel, at which conferences the contents of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and any amendment and supplement thereto and related matters were discussed and, although we assume no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package, the Prospectus and any
 
amendment or supplement thereto (except as expressly provided in paragraphs 8 and 12 above), nothing has come to our attention to cause us to believe that:
 
 
 
To our knowledge, except as described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus, there are no legal, governmental or regulatory investigations, actions, suits or proceedings pending to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be a party or to which any property of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is or may be the subject that are required to be described in the Registration Statement, the Pricing Disclosure Package and the Prospectus and are not so described. In expressing this opinion, we have not conducted a docket search in any jurisdiction with respect to any litigation that may be pending against the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
The Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus, and the Prospectus (other than the financial statements and related schedules and the financial and statistical data based on or derived from such financial statements or schedules or schedules included or incorporated by reference therein, as to which we express no comment) are, on their face, appropriately responsive, in all
 
material respects, to the requirements of the Securities Act. For purposes of this paragraph, we have assumed that the statements made in the Registration Statement, the Preliminary Prospectus and the Prospectus are correct and complete.
 

Exhibit 4.1
EXECUTION VERSION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDENTURE, dated as of March 3, 2011, between Juniper Networks, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (herein called the "Company"), having its principal executive office at 1194 North Mathilda Avenue, Sunnyvale, California 94089 and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee").
The Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of its unsecured debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (herein called the "Securities"), to be issued in one or more series as provided in this Indenture.
All things necessary to make this Indenture a valid and binding agreement of the Company, in accordance with its terms, have been done.
This Indenture is subject to, and will be governed by, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be a part of and govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act.
For and in consideration of the premises and the purchase of the Securities by the Holders thereof, it is mutually covenanted and agreed, for the equal and proportionate benefit of all Holders of the Securities or of series thereof appertaining, as follows:
Section 1.1    Definitions.
For all purposes of this Indenture, except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise requires:
(1) the terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular;
(2) all other terms used herein which are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, either directly or by reference therein, have the meanings assigned to them therein;
(3) all accounting terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, and, except as otherwise herein expressly provided, the term "generally accepted accounting principles" with respect to any computation required or permitted hereunder shall mean such accounting principles in the United States of America as are generally accepted at the date of such computation;
(4) all references to "$" refer to the lawful currency of the United States of America;
(5) unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an "Article" or a "Section" refers to an Article or a Section, as the case may be, of this Indenture; and
(6) the words "herein," "hereof" and "hereunder" and other words of similar import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision.
"Act," when used with respect to any Holder, has the meaning specified in Section 1.4.
"Additional Interest" has the meaning specified in Section 5.2(b).
"Affiliate" of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person.
"Authenticating Agent" means any Person authorized by the Trustee pursuant to Section 6.14 to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of one or more series.
"Board of Directors" means either the board of directors of the Company or any duly authorized committee of that board empowered to act for it with respect to this Indenture.
"Board Resolution" means a copy of a resolution certified by the principal financial officer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification, and delivered to the Trustee.
"Business Day," when used with respect to any Place of Payment, means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day on which banking institutions in that Place of Payment are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.
"Commission" means the Securities and Exchange Commission, from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or, if at any time after the execution of this instrument such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties at such time.
"Common Stock" includes any stock of any class of the Company which has no preference in respect of dividends or of amounts payable in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company and which is not subject to redemption by the Company; , , subject to the provisions of Section 14.1, shares issuable upon conversion of Securities shall include only shares of the class designated as Common Stock of the Company at the date of this Indenture or shares of any class or classes resulting from any reclassification or reclassifications thereof and which have no preference in respect of dividends or of amounts payable in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company and which are not subject to redemption by the Company; , , that if at any time there shall be more than one such resulting class, the shares of each such class then so issuable shall be substantially in the proportion which the total number of shares of such class resulting from all such reclassifications bears to the total number of shares of all such classes resulting from all such reclassifications.
provided
however
provided
further
 
"Company" means the corporation named as the "Company" in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter "Company" shall mean such successor Person.
"Company Request" or "Company Order" means a written request or order signed by any two of the following in the name of the Company: the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any executive officer, the principal financial officer, the principal accounting officer, the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, and delivered to the Trustee.
"control" when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and "controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
"Corporate Trust Office" means the principal office of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at 700 S. Flower Street, Suite 500, Los Angeles, CA 90017 Attention: Corporate Unit, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Company).
"corporation" means a corporation, association, company, joint-stock company or business trust.
"Covenant Defeasance" has the meaning specified in Section 13.3.
"Defaulted Interest" has the meaning specified in Section 3.7.
"Defeasance" has the meaning specified in Section 13.2.
"Depositary" means, with respect to Securities of any series issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities, a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act that is designated to act as Depositary for such Securities as contemplated by Section 3.1.
"euro" or "euros" means the currency adopted by those nations participating in the third stage of the economic and monetary union provisions of the Treaty on European Union, signed at Maastricht on February 7, 1992.
"European Economic Area" means the member nations of the European Economic Area pursuant to the Oporto Agreement on the European Economic Area dated May 2, 1992, as amended.
"European Union" means the member nations of the European Union established by the Treaty of European Union, signed at Maastricht on February 7, 1992, which amended the Treaty of Rome establishing the European Community.
"Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 5.1.
 
"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.
"Expiration Date" has the meaning specified in Section 1.4.
"Foreign Government Obligation" means with respect to Securities of any series which are not denominated in the currency of the United States of America (x) any security which is (i) a direct obligation of the government which issued or caused to be issued the currency in which such security is denominated and for the payment of which obligations its full faith and credit is pledged or, with respect to Securities of any series which are denominated in euros, a direct obligation of any member nation of the European Union for the payment of which obligation the full faith and credit of the respective nation is pledged so long as such nation has a credit rating at least equal to that of the highest rated member nation of the European Economic Area, or (ii) an obligation of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of a government specified in clause (i) above the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the such government, which, in either case (i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) any depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act) as custodian with respect to any Foreign Government Obligation which is specified in clause (x) above and held by such bank for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt, or with respect to any specific payment of principal of or interest on any Foreign Government Obligation which is so specified and held, that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Foreign Government Obligation or the specific payment of principal or interest evidenced by such depositary receipt.
provided
"Global Security" means, with respect to any series of Securities, a Security executed by the Company and delivered by the Trustee to the Depositary or held by the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary pursuant to a safekeeping agreement with the Depositary, all in accordance with this Indenture, which shall be registered in global form without interest coupons in the name of the Depositary or its nominee.
"Holder" means a Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Security Register.
"Indenture" means this instrument as originally executed and as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof, including, for all purposes of this instrument and any such supplemental indenture, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are deemed to be a part of and govern this instrument and any such supplemental indenture, respectively. The term "Indenture" shall also include the terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated by Section 3.1; , , that if at any time more than one Person is acting as Trustee under this Indenture due to the appointment of one or more separate Trustees for any one or more separate series of Securities, "Indenture" shall mean, with respect to such series of Securities for which any such Person is Trustee, this instrument as originally executed or as it may from time to time be supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions hereof and shall include the terms of particular series of Securities for which such Person is Trustee established as contemplated by Section 3.1, exclusive, however, of any provisions or terms which relate solely to other series of Securities for which such Person is not Trustee, regardless of when such terms or provisions were adopted, and exclusive of any provisions or terms adopted by means of one or more indentures supplemental hereto executed and delivered after such Person had become such Trustee, but to which such person, as such Trustee, was not a party; , that in the
provided
however
provided
further
 
event that this Indenture is supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental hereto which are only applicable to certain series of Securities, the term "Indenture" for a particular series of Securities shall only include the supplemental indentures applicable thereto.
"interest," when used with respect to an Original Issue Discount Security, which by its terms bears interest only at Maturity, means interest payable at Maturity.
"Interest Payment Date," when used with respect to any Security, means the Stated Maturity of an installment of interest on such Security.
"Investment Company Act" means the Investment Company Act of 1940 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.
"Maturity," when used with respect to any Security, means the date on which the principal of such Security or an installment of principal becomes due and payable as therein or herein provided, whether at the Stated Maturity or by declaration of acceleration, repurchase at the option of the Holder, upon redemption or otherwise.
"Notice of Default" means a written notice of the kind specified in Section 5.1(4).
"Officers' Certificate" means a certificate signed by any two of the following in the name of the Company: the Chairman of the Board, the Vice Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any executive officer, the principal financial officer, the principal accounting officer, the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, and delivered to the Trustee. One of the officers signing an Officers' Certificate given pursuant to Section 10.4 shall be the principal executive, principal financial or principal accounting officer of the Company.
"Opinion of Counsel" means a written opinion of counsel, who may be counsel for, or an employee of, the Company.
"Original Issue Discount Security" means any Security that provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.2.
"Outstanding," when used with respect to Securities, means, as of the date of determination, all Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except
(1) Securities theretofore canceled by the Trustee or delivered to the Trustee for cancellation;
(2) Securities for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has been theretofore deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent (other than the Company) in trust or set aside and segregated in trust by the Company (if the Company shall act as its own Paying Agent) for the Holders of such Securities; that, if such Securities are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to this Indenture or provision therefor satisfactory to the Trustee has been made;
provided
(3) Securities as to which Defeasance has been effected pursuant to Section 13.2; and
 
(4) Securities which have been paid pursuant to Section 3.6 or in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture, other than any such Securities in respect of which there shall have been presented to the Trustee proof satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Securities are valid obligations of the Company;
, , that in determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of the Outstanding Securities have given, made or taken any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action hereunder as of any date, (A) the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount of the principal thereof which would be due and payable as of such date upon acceleration of the Maturity thereof to such date pursuant to Section 5.2, (B) if, as of such date, the principal amount payable at the Stated Maturity of a Security is not determinable, the principal amount of such Security which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the amount as specified or determined as contemplated by Section 3.1, (C) the principal amount of a Security denominated in one or more non-U.S. dollar currencies or currency units which shall be deemed to be Outstanding shall be the U.S. dollar equivalent, determined as of such date in the manner provided as contemplated by Section 3.1, of the principal amount of such Security (or, in the case of a Security described in clause (A) or (B) above, of the amount determined as provided in such clause), and (D) Securities owned by the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, only Securities which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee's right so to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Company or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Affiliate of the Company or of such other obligor.
provided
however
"Paying Agent" means any Person authorized by the Company to pay the principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities on behalf of the Company.
"Person" means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
"Place of Payment," when used with respect to the Securities of any series, means the place or places where the principal of and any premium and interest on the Securities of that series are payable as specified as contemplated by Section 3.1.
"Predecessor Security" of any particular Security means every previous Security evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Security; and, for the purposes of this definition, any Security authenticated and delivered under Section 3.6 in exchange for or in lieu of a mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security.
"Prospectus" means the prospectus dated September 3, 2010 and any accompanying prospectus supplement relating to the offering of the Securities.
"Record Date" means any Regular Record Date or Special Record Date.
 
"Redemption Date," when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, means the date fixed for such redemption by or pursuant to this Indenture.
"Redemption Price," when used with respect to any Security to be redeemed, means the price at which it is to be redeemed pursuant to this Indenture.
"Regular Record Date" for the interest payable on any Interest Payment Date on the Securities of any series means the date specified for that purpose as contemplated by Section 3.1.
"Reporting Default" has the meaning specified in Section 5.2(b).
"Responsible Officer" shall mean, when used with respect to the Trustee, any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such person's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this Indenture.
"Securities" has the meaning stated in the first recital of this Indenture and more particularly means any Securities authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.
"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time.
"Security Register" and "Security Registrar" have the respective meanings specified in Section 3.5.
"Special Record Date" for the payment of any Defaulted Interest means a date fixed by the Trustee pursuant to Section 3.7.
"Stated Maturity," when used with respect to any Security or any installment of principal thereof or interest thereon, means the date specified in such Security as the fixed date on which the principal of such Security or such installment of principal or interest is due and payable.
"Subsidiary" means a Person of which at least a majority of the outstanding voting stock having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such Person (in the case of a corporation) is, or of which at least a majority of the equity interests (in the case of a Person which is not a corporation) are, at the time owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company or by one or more other Subsidiaries, or by the Company and one or more other Subsidiaries. For the purposes of this definition, "voting stock" means stock or similar interests to the Company which ordinarily has or have voting power for the election of directors, or persons performing similar functions, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock or other interests has or have such voting power by reason of any contingency.
"Trust Indenture Act" means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this instrument was executed; , , that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, "Trust Indenture Act" means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended.
provided
however
 
"Trustee" means the Person named as the "Trustee" in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Trustee shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter "Trustee" shall mean or include each Person who is then a Trustee hereunder, and if at any time there is more than one such Person, "Trustee" as used with respect to the Securities of any series shall mean the Trustee with respect to Securities of that series.
"U.S. Government Obligation" means (x) any security which is (i) a direct obligation of the United States of America for the payment of which the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged or (ii) an obligation of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America, which, in either case (i) or (ii), is not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and (y) any depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act) as custodian with respect to any U.S. Government Obligation which is specified in clause (x) above and held by such bank for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt, or with respect to any specific payment of principal of or interest on any U.S. Government Obligation which is so specified and held, that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the U.S. Government Obligation or the specific payment of principal or interest evidenced by such depositary receipt.
provided
Section 1.2     Compliance Certificates and Opinions.
Upon any application or request by the Company to the Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture, the Company shall furnish to the Trustee such certificates and opinions as may be required under the Trust Indenture Act. Each such certificate or opinion shall be given in the form of an Officers' Certificate, if to be given by an officer of the Company, or an Opinion of Counsel, if to be given by counsel, and shall comply with the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act and any other requirements set forth in this Indenture.
Every certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in this Indenture shall include,
(1) a statement that each individual signing such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition and the definitions herein relating thereto;
(2) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based;
(3) a statement that, in the opinion of each such individual, he or she has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him or her to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with; and
(4) a statement as to whether, in the opinion of each such individual, such condition or covenant has been complied with.
Section 1.3     Form of Documents Delivered to Trustee.
In any case where several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only
 
one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents.
Any certificate or opinion of an officer of the Company may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, counsel, unless such officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his or her certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or opinion of counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an officer or officers of the Company stating that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of the Company, unless such counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous.
Any such certificate or opinion of an officer of the Company or of counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to accounting matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an accountant or firm of accountants in the employ of the Company, unless such officer or counsel, as the case may be, knows that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the accounting matters upon which his or her certificate or opinion are based are erroneous. Any certificate or opinion of any independent firm of public accountants filed with the Trustee shall contain a statement that such firm is independent.
Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, certificates, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument.
Section 1.4     Acts of Holders; Record Dates.
Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Company. The Trustee shall promptly deliver to the Company copies of any such instrument or instruments delivered to the Trustee. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the "Act" of the Holders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 6.1) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Company, if made in the manner provided in this Section.
The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by a certificate of a notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him or her the execution thereof. Where such execution is by a signer acting in a capacity other than his or her individual capacity, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his or her authority. The fact and date of the execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner that the Trustee deems sufficient.
The ownership of Securities shall be proved by the Security Register.
 
Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other Act of the Holder of any Security shall bind every future Holder of the same Security and the Holder of every Security issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof in respect of anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Trustee or the Company in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Security.
The Company may set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the Holders of Outstanding Securities of any series entitled to give, make or take any request, demand, authorization, direction, vote, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided or permitted by this Indenture to be given, made or taken by Holders of Securities of such series. If any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Holders of Outstanding Securities of the relevant series on such record date, and no other Holders, shall be entitled to take the relevant action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after such record date; that no such action shall be effective hereunder unless taken on or prior to the applicable Expiration Date by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of such series on such record date. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prevent the Company from setting a new record date for any action for which a record date has previously been set pursuant to this paragraph (whereupon the record date previously set shall automatically and with no action by any Person be canceled and of no effect), and nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to render ineffective any action taken by Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of the relevant series on the date such action is taken. Promptly after any record date is set pursuant to this paragraph, the Company, at its own expense, shall cause notice of such record date, the proposed action by Holders and the applicable Expiration Date to be given to the Trustee in writing and to each Holder of Securities of the relevant series in the manner set forth in Section 1.6.
provided
With respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section, the Company may designate any day as the "Expiration Date" and from time to time may change the Expiration Date to any earlier or later day; that no such change shall be effective unless notice of the proposed new Expiration Date is given to the Trustee in writing, and to each Holder of Securities of the relevant series in the manner set forth in Section 1.6, on or prior to the existing Expiration Date. If an Expiration Date is not designated with respect to any record date set pursuant to this Section, the Company shall be deemed to have initially designated the 180th day after such record date as the Expiration Date with respect thereto, subject to its right to change the Expiration Date as provided in this paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Expiration Date shall be later than the 180th day after the applicable record date.
provided
Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled hereunder to take any action hereunder with regard to any particular Security may do so with regard to all or any part of the principal amount of such Security or by one or more duly appointed agents each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment with regard to all or any part of such principal amount.
Section 1.5    Notices, etc., to Trustee and Company.
Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or Act of Holders or other document provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with,
(1) the Trustee by any Holder or by the Company shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder if made, given, furnished or filed in writing (or by facsimile transmissions, that oral confirmation of receipt shall have been received) to or with the Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office, Attention: Corporate Unit, or
provided
 
(2) the Company by the Trustee or by any Holder shall be sufficient for every purpose hereunder (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, personally delivered or sent via overnight courier to the Company addressed to it at the address of its principal office specified in the first paragraph of this instrument or at any other address previously furnished in writing to the Trustee by the Company, Attention: Chief Financial Officer.
The Trustee agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by the Company by unsecured e-mail, pdf, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods, provided, however, that the Trustee shall have received an incumbency certificate listing persons designated to give such instructions or directions and containing specimen signatures of such designated persons, which such incumbency certificate shall be amended and replaced whenever a person is to be added or deleted from the listing. If the Company elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustee's good faith understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee's reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The Company agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties.
Section 1.6    Notice to Holders; Waiver.
Where this Indenture provides for notice to Holders of any event, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed by first-class postage prepaid, or delivered by hand or overnight courier to each Holder affected by such event, at its address as it appears in the Security Register, not later than the latest date (if any), and not earlier than the earliest date (if any), prescribed for the giving of such notice. Neither the failure to mail or deliver by hand or overnight courier any notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed or delivered by hand or overnight courier, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.
In case by reason of the suspension of regular mail service or by reason of any other cause it shall be impracticable to give such notice by mail, then such notification as shall be made with the approval of the Trustee shall constitute a sufficient notification for every purpose hereunder.
Section 1.7    Conflict with Trust Indenture Act.
If any provision hereof limits, qualifies or conflicts with a provision of the Trust Indenture Act that is required under the Trust Indenture Act to be a part of and govern this Indenture, the latter provision shall control. If any provision of this Indenture modifies or excludes any provision of the Trust Indenture Act, that may be so modified or excluded, the latter provision shall be deemed to apply to this Indenture as so modified or to be excluded, as the case may be.
 
Section 1.8    Effect of Headings and Table of Contents.
The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
Section 1.9    Successors and Assigns.
All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Company shall bind its successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not.
Section 1.10    Separability Clause.
In case any provision in this Indenture or in the Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
Section 1.11    Benefits of Indenture.
Nothing in this Indenture or in the Securities, express or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder and the Holders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture.
Section 1.12    Governing Law.
THIS INDENTURE AND THE SECURITIES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
Section 1.13    Legal Holidays.
In any case where any Interest Payment Date, Redemption Date or Stated Maturity of any Security or the last date on which a Holder has the right to convert a Security at a particular conversion price or conversion rate, as the case may be, shall not be a Business Day at any Place of Payment, then (notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or of the Securities (other than a provision of any Security which specifically states that such provision shall apply in lieu of this Section)) payment of interest or principal (and premium, if any) or, if applicable to a particular series of Securities, conversion need not be made at such Place of Payment on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day at such Place of Payment with the same force and effect as if made on the Interest Payment Date or Redemption Date, at the Stated Maturity or on such last day for conversion, as the case may be.
Section 1.14    Indenture and Securities Solely Corporate Obligations.
No recourse for the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any Security, or for any claim based thereon or otherwise in respect thereof, and no recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Company in this Indenture or in any supplemental indenture or in any Security, or because of the creation of any indebtedness represented thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, stockholder, employee, agent, officer, or director or subsidiary, as such, past, present or future, of the Company or of any successor corporation, either directly or through the Company or any successor corporation, whether by virtue of any constitution, statute or rule of law, or by the enforcement of any assessment or penalty or otherwise; it being expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly
 
waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of this Indenture and the issue of the Securities.
Section 1.15    Indenture May be Executed in Counterparts.
This instrument may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Section 1.16    Force Majeure.
In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.
Section 1.17    Waiver of Jury Trial.
EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANYAND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
Section 2.1    Forms Generally.
The Securities of each series shall be in substantially the form set forth in this Article, or in such other form as shall be established by or pursuant to a Board Resolution and as set forth in such Board Resolution (including such terms as set forth in any form of Securities for each series approved by such Board Resolution) or, to the extent established pursuant to rather than set forth in a Board Resolution, in an Officers' Certificate detailing such establishment (including any exhibit attached thereto), or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may be required to comply with the rules of any securities exchange or Depositary therefor or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution thereof. If the form of Securities of any series is established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Company Order contemplated by Section 3.3 for the authentication and delivery of such Securities. Any such Board Resolution or record of such action shall have attached
 
thereto a true and correct copy of the form of Security referred to therein approved by or pursuant to such Board Resolution.
The definitive Securities shall be printed, lithographed or engraved on steel engraved borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the officers executing such Securities, as evidenced by their execution of such Securities.
Section 2.2    Form of Face of Security.
[INSERT ANY LEGEND REQUIRED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER.]
 
CUSIP:
            
 
Juniper Networks, Inc., a corporation duly organized and existing under the laws of Delaware (herein called the "Company," which term includes any successor Person under the Indenture hereinafter referred to), for value received, hereby promises to pay to , or registered assigns, the principal sum of dollars on [ , and to pay interest thereon from or from the most recent Interest Payment Date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, semi-annually on and in each year, commencing , at the rate of % per annum, until the principal hereof is paid or made available for payment [ , that any principal and premium, and any such installment of interest, which is overdue shall bear interest at the rate of % per annum (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are paid or made available for payment, and such interest shall be payable on demand]. The interest so payable, and punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date will, as provided in such Indenture, be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest, which shall be the or (whether or not a Business Day), as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment Date. Any such interest not so punctually paid or duly provided for will forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on such Regular Record Date and may either be paid to the Person in whose name this Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest to be fixed by the Trustee, notice whereof shall be given to Holders of Securities of this series not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date, or be paid at any time in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which the Securities of this series may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, all as more fully provided in said Indenture].
                    
                    
                    
if the Security is to bear interest prior to Maturity, insert 
                    
                    
                
                    
        
if applicable, insert 
provided
        
                    
                    
[  The principal of this Security shall not bear interest except in the case of a default in payment of principal upon acceleration, upon redemption or at Stated Maturity and in such case the overdue principal and any overdue premium shall bear interest at the rate of % per annum (to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), from the dates such amounts are due until they are paid or made available for payment. Interest
If the Security is not to bear interest prior to Maturity, insert
        
 
on any overdue principal or premium shall be payable on demand. [Any such interest on overdue principal or premium which is not paid on demand shall bear interest at the rate of % per annum (to the extent that the payment of such interest on interest shall be legally enforceable), from the date of such demand until the amount so demanded is paid or made available for payment. Interest on any overdue interest shall be payable on demand.]]
        
Payment of the principal of (and premium, if any) and [ any such] interest on this Security will be made at the office or agency of the Company maintained for that purpose in , in such coin or currency of the United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for payment of public and private debts [ ; , , that at the option of the Company payment of interest may be made by check mailed to the address of the Person entitled thereto as such address shall appear in the Security Register].
if applicable, insert 
                    
if applicable, insert 
provided
however
Reference is hereby made to the further provisions of this Security set forth on the reverse hereof, which further provisions shall for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Trustee referred to on the reverse hereof by manual signature, this Security shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this instrument to be duly executed.
 
 
Section 2.3    Form of Reverse of Security.
This Security is one of a duly authorized issue of securities of the Company (herein called the "Securities"), issued and to be issued in one or more series under an Indenture, dated as of (herein called the "Indenture," which term shall have the meaning assigned to it in such instrument), between the Company and , as Trustee (herein called the "Trustee," which term includes any successor trustee under the Indenture), and reference is hereby made to the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto for a statement of the respective rights, limitations of rights, duties and immunities thereunder of the Company, the Trustee and the Holders of the Securities and of the terms upon which the Securities are, and are to be, authenticated and delivered. This Security is one of the series designated on the face hereof , limited in aggregate principal amount to $].
                    
                    
[if applicable, insert 
            
[ The Securities of this series are subject to redemption upon not less than [ 30] days' notice by mail, [ (1) on in any year commencing with the year and ending with the year through operation of the sinking fund for this series at a Redemption Price equal to 100% of the principal amount, and (2)] at any time [on or after , 20], as a whole or in part, at the election of the Company, at
If applicable, insert 
if applicable, insert 
if applicable, insert
                    
                    
                    
if applicable, insert
            
    
 
the following Redemption Prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount): If redeemed [ on or before , %, and if redeemed] during the 12-month period beginning of the years indicated,
if applicable, insert
                    
        
                    
 
 
and thereafter at a Redemption Price equal to % of the principal amount, together in the case of any such redemption [ (whether through operation of the sinking fund or otherwise)] with accrued interest to the Redemption Date, but interest installments whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to such Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, of record at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates referred to on the face hereof, all as provided in the Indenture.]
        
if applicable, insert
[ The Securities of this series are subject to redemption upon not less than [ - 30] days' notice by mail, (1) on in any year commencing with the year and ending with the year through operation of the sinking fund for this series at the Redemption Prices for redemption through operation of the sinking fund (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth in the table below, and (2) at any time [on or after ], whole or in part, at the election of the Company, at the Redemption Prices for redemption otherwise than through operation of the sinking fund (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth in the table below: If redeemed during the 12-month period beginning of the years indicated,
If applicable, insert
if applicable, insert
            
            
            
if applicable, insert
            
as a
            
 
 
and thereafter at a Redemption Price equal to % of the principal amount, together in the case of any such redemption (whether through operation of the sinking fund or otherwise) with accrued interest to the Redemption Date, but interest installments whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to such Redemption Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, of record at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates referred to on the face hereof, all as provided in the Indenture.]
        
[Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may not, prior to, redeem any Securities of this series as contemplated by [ clause (2) of] the preceding paragraph as a part of, or in anticipation of, any refunding operation by the application, directly or indirectly, of moneys borrowed having an interest cost to the Company (calculated in accordance with generally accepted financial practice) of less than % per annum.]
If applicable, insert 
                    
if applicable, insert
        
 
[ The sinking fund for this series provides for the redemption on in each year beginning with the year and ending with the year of [ not less than $ ("mandatory sinking fund") and not more than] $ aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series. Securities of this series acquired or redeemed by the Company otherwise than through [ mandatory] sinking fund payments may be credited against subsequent [ mandatory] sinking fund payments otherwise required to be made [ , in the inverse order in which they become due].]
If applicable, insert
                    
            
            
if applicable, insert
            
            
if applicable, insert 
if applicable, insert 
if applicable, insert 
[ In the event of redemption of this Security in part only, a new Security or Securities of this series and of like tenor for the unredeemed portion hereof will be issued in the name of the Holder hereof upon the cancellation hereof.]
If the Security is subject to redemption of any kind, insert 
[ The Indenture contains provisions for defeasance at any time of [the entire indebtedness of this Security] [or] [certain restrictive covenants and Events of Default with respect to this Security] [, in each case] upon compliance with certain conditions set forth in the Indenture.]
If applicable, insert
[If the Security is convertible into other securities of the Company, specify the conversion features.]
[ If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, the principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture.]
If the Security is not an Original Issue Discount Security, insert 
[ If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of this series shall occur and be continuing, an amount of principal of the Securities of this series may be declared due and payable in the manner and with the effect provided in the Indenture. Such amount shall be equal to . Upon payment (i) of the amount of principal so declared due and payable and (ii) of interest on any overdue principal, premium and interest (in each case to the extent that the payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable), all of the Company's obligations in respect of the payment of the principal of and premium and interest, if any, on the Securities of this series shall terminate.]
If the Security is an Original Issue Discount Security, insert 
 insert formula for determining the amount
The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Company and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series to be affected under the Indenture at any time by the Company and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of more than 50% in principal amount of the Securities at the time Outstanding of each series to be affected. The Indenture also contains provisions permitting the Holders of specified percentages in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Company with certain provisions of the Indenture and certain past defaults under the Indenture and their consequences. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Security and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange herefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Security.
As provided in and subject to the provisions of the Indenture, the Holder of this Security shall not have the right to institute any proceeding with respect to the Indenture or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee or for any other remedy thereunder, unless such Holder shall have previously given the Trustee written notice of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of this series, the Holders of not less
 
than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of this series at the time Outstanding shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default as Trustee and offered the Trustee indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee, and the Trustee shall not have received from the Holders of a majority in principal amount of Securities of this series at the time Outstanding a direction inconsistent with such request, and shall have failed to institute any such proceeding, for 60 days after receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity. The foregoing shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Holder of this Security for the enforcement of any payment of principal hereof or any premium or interest hereon on or after the respective due dates expressed herein.
No reference herein to the Indenture and no provision of this Security or of the Indenture shall alter or impair the obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security at the times, place and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed.
As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, the transfer of this Security is registrable in the Security Register, upon surrender of this Security for registration of transfer at the office or agency of the Company in any place where the principal of and any premium and interest on this Security are payable, duly endorsed by, or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed by, the Holder hereof or its attorney duly authorized in writing, and thereupon one or more new Securities of this series and of like tenor, of authorized denominations and for the same aggregate principal amount, will be issued to the designated transferee or transferees.
The Securities of this series are issuable only in registered form without coupons in denominations of $ and any integral multiple thereof. As provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth, Securities of this series are exchangeable for a like aggregate principal amount of Securities of this series and of like tenor of a different authorized denomination, as requested by the Holder surrendering the same.
            
No service charge shall be made for any such registration of transfer or exchange, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith.
Prior to due presentment of this Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name this Security is registered as the owner hereof for all purposes, whether or not this Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
All terms used in this Security which are defined in the Indenture shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
Section 2.4    Form of Legend for Global Securities.
Unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for the Securities evidenced thereby, every Global Security authenticated and delivered hereunder shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR
 
A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE.
Section 2.5    Form of Trustee's Certificate of Authentication.
The Trustee's certificates of authentication shall be in substantially the following form:
This is one of the Securities of the series designated herein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
 
Section 2.6    Form of Conversion Notice
.
Any conversion notice shall be in the form set forth in one or more indentures supplemental hereto for the Securities of such series.
Section 3.1    Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series.
The aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited.
The Securities may be issued in one or more series. There shall be established in or pursuant to a Board Resolution and as set forth in such Board Resolution (including such terms as set forth in any form of Securities for each series approved by such Board Resolution) or, to the extent established pursuant to rather than set forth in a Board Resolution, in an Officers' Certificate detailing such establishment (including any exhibit attached thereto), or established in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of Securities of any series,
(1) the title of the Securities of the series (which shall distinguish the Securities of the series from Securities of any other series);
(2) any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the series which may be authenticated and delivered under this Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the series pursuant to Section 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 9.6 or 11.7 and except for any Securities which, pursuant to Section 3.3, are deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder);
 
(3) the Person to whom any interest on a Security of the series shall be payable, if other than the Person in whose name that Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest;
(4) the date or dates on which the principal of any Securities of the series is payable;
(5) the rate or rates (which may be fixed or variable) at which any Securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which any such interest shall accrue, the Interest Payment Dates on which any such interest shall be payable and the Regular Record Date for any such interest payable on any Interest Payment Date (or the method for determining the dates and rates);
(6) the place or places where the principal of and any premium and interest on any Securities of the series shall be payable;
(7) the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which any Securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Company and, if other than by a Board Resolution, the manner in which any election by the Company to redeem the Securities shall be evidenced;
(8) the obligation, if any, of the Company to redeem or purchase any Securities of the series pursuant to any sinking fund or analogous provisions or at the option of the Holder thereof and the period or periods within which, the price or prices at which and the terms and conditions upon which any Securities of the series shall be redeemed or purchased, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation;
(9) if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof, the denominations in which any Securities of the series shall be issuable;
(10) if the amount of principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities of the series may be determined with reference to an index or pursuant to a formula, the manner in which such amounts shall be determined;
(11) if other than the currency of the United States of America, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities of the series shall be payable and the manner of determining the equivalent thereof in the currency of the United States of America for any purpose, including for purposes of the definition of "Outstanding" in Section 1.1;
(12) if the principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities of the series is to be payable, at the election of the Company or the Holder thereof, in one or more currencies or currency units other than that or those in which such Securities are stated to be payable, the currency, currencies or currency units in which the principal of or any premium or interest on such Securities as to which such election is made shall be payable, the periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which such election is to be made and the amount so payable (or the manner in which such amount shall be determined);
 
(13) if other than the entire principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of any Securities of the series which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.2;
(14) if the principal amount payable at the Stated Maturity of any Securities of the series will not be determinable as of any one or more dates prior to the Stated Maturity, the amount which shall be deemed to be the principal amount of such Securities as of any such date for any purpose thereunder or hereunder, including the principal amount thereof which shall be due and payable upon any Maturity other than the Stated Maturity or which shall be deemed to be Outstanding as of any date prior to the Stated Maturity (or, in any such case, the manner in which such amount deemed to be the principal amount shall be determined);
(15) if applicable, that the Securities of the series, in whole or any specified part, shall be defeasible pursuant to Section 13.2 or Section 13.3 or both such Sections, or any other defeasance provisions applicable to any Securities of the series, and, if other than by a Board Resolution, the manner in which any election by the Company to defease such Securities shall be evidenced;
(16) if applicable, the terms of any right to convert or exchange Securities of the series into shares of Common Stock of the Company or other securities or property;
(17) if applicable, that any Securities of the series shall be issuable in whole or in part in the form of one or more Global Securities and, in such case, the respective Depositaries for such Global Securities, the form of any legend or legends which shall be borne by any such Global Security in addition to or in lieu of that set forth in Section 2.4 and any circumstances in addition to or in lieu of those set forth in clause (2) of the last paragraph of Section 3.5 in which any such Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for Securities registered, and any transfer of such Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name or names of Persons other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof;
(18) any deletion of or addition to or change in the Events of Default which applies to any Securities of the series and any change in the right of the Trustee or the requisite Holders of such Securities to declare the principal amount thereof due and payable pursuant to Section 5.2;
(19) any deletion of or addition to or change in the covenants set forth in Article 10 which applies to Securities of the series;
(20) any Authenticating Agents, Paying Agents, Security Registrars or such other agents necessary in connection with the issuance of the Securities of such series, including, without limitation, exchange rate agents and calculation agents;
(21) if applicable, the terms of any security that will be provided for a series of Securities, including any provisions regarding the circumstances under which collateral may be released or substituted;
(22) if applicable, the terms of any guaranties for the Securities and any circumstances under which there may be additional obligors on the Securities; and
(23) any other terms of the series (which terms shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of this Indenture, except as permitted by Section 9.1(5)).
 
All Securities of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to denomination and except as may otherwise be provided in or pursuant to the Board Resolution referred to above and (subject to Section 3.3) set forth, or determined in the manner provided, in the Officers' Certificate (including any exhibit attached thereto) referred to above or in any such indenture supplemental hereto.
If any of the terms of the series are established by action taken pursuant to a Board Resolution, a copy of an appropriate record of such action shall be certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Trustee at or prior to the delivery of the Officers' Certificate setting forth the terms of the series.
Section 3.2    Denominations.
The Securities of each series shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons and only in such denominations as shall be specified as contemplated by Section 3.1. In the absence of any such specified denomination with respect to the Securities of any series, the Securities of such series shall be issuable in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof.
Section 3.3    Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating.
The Securities shall be executed on behalf of the Company by any one of its Chairman of the Board, its Vice Chairman of the Board, its Chief Executive Officer, its principal financial officer, its principal accounting officer, its President or one of its executive officers, and attested by its Treasurer, its Secretary or one of its Assistant Treasurers or Assistant Secretaries. The signature of any of these officers on the Securities may be manual or facsimile.
Securities bearing the manual or facsimile signatures of individuals who were at any time the proper officers of the Company shall bind the Company, notwithstanding that such individuals or any of them have ceased to hold such offices prior to the authentication and delivery of such Securities or did not hold such offices at the date of such Securities.
At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Company may deliver Securities of any series executed by the Company to the Trustee for authentication, together with a Company Order for the authentication and delivery of such Securities, and the Trustee in accordance with the Company Order shall authenticate and deliver such Securities. If the form or terms of the Securities of the series have been established by or pursuant to one or more Board Resolutions as permitted by Sections 2.1 and 3.1, in authenticating such Securities, and accepting the additional responsibilities under this Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall receive, and (subject to Section 6.1) shall be fully protected in relying upon, a certified copy of such Board Resolution, the Officers' Certificate setting forth the terms of the series and an Opinion of Counsel (which Opinion of Counsel may contain customary qualifications and exceptions), with such Opinion of Counsel stating,
(1) if the form of such Securities has been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution as permitted by Section 2.1, that such form has been established in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture;
(2) if the terms of such Securities have been established by or pursuant to Board Resolution as permitted by Section 3.1, that such terms have been established in conformity with the provisions of this Indenture; and
 
(3) that such Securities, when authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and issued by the Company in the manner and subject to any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights and to general equity principles.
If such form or terms have been so established, the Trustee shall not be required to authenticate such Securities if the issue of such Securities pursuant to this Indenture will affect the Trustee's own rights, duties or immunities under the Securities and this Indenture or otherwise in a manner that is not reasonably acceptable to the Trustee.
Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication.
No Security shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Security a certificate of authentication substantially in the form provided for herein executed by the Trustee by manual signature, and such certificate upon any Security shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Security has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Security shall have been authenticated and delivered hereunder but never issued and sold by the Company, and the Company shall deliver such Security to the Trustee for cancellation as provided in Section 3.9, for all purposes of this Indenture such Security shall be deemed never to have been authenticated and delivered hereunder and shall never be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture.
The Company in issuing the Securities may use "CUSIP" numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use "CUSIP" numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Company will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the "CUSIP" numbers.
provided
Section 3.4    Temporary Securities.
Pending the preparation of definitive Securities of any series, the Company may execute, and upon Company Order the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, temporary Securities which are printed, lithographed, typewritten, mimeographed or otherwise produced, in any authorized denomination, substantially of the tenor of the definitive Securities in lieu of which they are issued and with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as the officers executing such Securities may determine, as evidenced by their execution of such Securities.
If temporary Securities of any series are issued, the Company will cause definitive Securities of that series to be prepared without unreasonable delay. After the preparation of definitive Securities of such series, the temporary Securities of such series shall be exchangeable for definitive Securities of such series upon surrender of the temporary Securities of such series at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment for that series, without charge to the Holder. Upon surrender for cancellation of any one or more temporary Securities of any series, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor one or more definitive Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Until so exchanged, the temporary Securities of any series
 
shall in all respects be entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture as definitive Securities of such series and tenor.
Section 3.5    Registration; Registration of Transfer and Exchange.
The Company shall cause to be kept at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee a register (the register maintained in such office and in any other office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment being herein sometimes collectively referred to as the "Security Register") in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Company shall provide for the registration of Securities and of transfers of Securities. The Trustee is hereby appointed "Security Registrar" for the purpose of registering Securities and transfers of Securities as herein provided.
Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Security of a series at the office or agency of the Company in a Place of Payment for that series, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more new Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount.
At the option of the Holder, Securities of any series may be exchanged for other Securities of the same series, of any authorized denominations and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Securities to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Securities are so surrendered for exchange, the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, the Securities which the Holder making the exchange is entitled to receive.
All Securities issued upon any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities shall be the valid obligations of the Company, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under this Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.
Every Security presented or surrendered for registration of transfer or for exchange shall (if so required by the Company or the Trustee) be duly endorsed, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Security Registrar duly executed, by the Holder thereof or its attorney duly authorized in writing.
No service charge shall be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, but the Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any registration of transfer or exchange of Securities, other than exchanges pursuant to Section 3.4, 9.6 or 11.7 not involving any transfer.
If the Securities of any series (or of any series and specified tenor) are to be redeemed in part, the Company shall not be required (A) to issue, register the transfer of or exchange any Securities of that series (or of that series and specified tenor, as the case may be) during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of the mailing of a notice of redemption of any such Securities selected for redemption under Section 11.3 and ending at the close of business on the day of such mailing, or (B) to register the transfer of or exchange any Security so selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any Security being redeemed in part.
The provisions of clauses (1), (2), (3) and (4) below shall apply only to Global Securities:
(1) Each Global Security authenticated under this Indenture shall be registered in the name of the Depositary designated for such Global Security or a nominee thereof and delivered to
 
such Depositary or a nominee thereof or custodian therefor, and each such Global Security shall constitute a single Security for all purposes of this Indenture.
(2) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, no Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for Securities registered, and no transfer of a Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof unless (A) such Depositary (i) has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security or (ii) has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, (B) there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event of Default with respect to such Global Security or (C) there shall exist such circumstances, if any, in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as have been specified for this purpose as contemplated by Section 3.1.
(3) Subject to clause (2) above, any exchange of a Global Security for other Securities may be made in whole or in part, and all Securities issued in exchange for a Global Security or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Security shall direct.
(4) Every Security authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Security or any portion thereof, whether pursuant to this Section, Section 3.4, 3.6, 9.6 or 11.7 or otherwise, shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Security, unless such Security is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof.
Section 3.6    Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.
If any mutilated Security is surrendered to the Trustee, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor a new Security of the same series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.
If there shall be delivered to the Company and the Trustee (i) evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Security and (ii) such security or indemnity as may be required by them to save each of them and any agent of either of them harmless, then, in the absence of notice to the Company or the Trustee that such Security has been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, the Company shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, in lieu of any such destroyed, lost or stolen Security, a new Security of the same series and of like tenor and principal amount and bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding.
In case any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Company in its discretion may, instead of issuing a new Security, pay such Security.
Upon the issuance of any new Security under this Section, the Company may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith.
Every new Security of any series issued pursuant to this Section in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all
 
the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of that series duly issued hereunder.
The provisions of this Section are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities.
Section 3.7    Payment of Interest; Interest Rights Preserved.
Except as otherwise provided as contemplated by Section 3.1 with respect to any series of Securities, interest on any Security which is payable, and is punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name that Security (or one or more Predecessor Securities) is registered at the close of business on the Regular Record Date for such interest.
Any interest on any Security of any series which is payable, but is not punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (herein called "Defaulted Interest") shall forthwith cease to be payable to the Holder on the relevant Regular Record Date by virtue of having been such Holder, and such Defaulted Interest may be paid by the Company, at its election in each case, as provided in clause (1) or (2) below:
(1) The Company may elect to make payment of any Defaulted Interest to the Persons in whose names the Securities of such series (or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest, which shall be fixed in the following manner. The Company shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of Defaulted Interest proposed to be paid on each Security of such series and the date of the proposed payment, and at the same time the Company shall deposit with the Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be paid in respect of such Defaulted Interest or shall make arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of the proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such Defaulted Interest as in this clause provided. Thereupon the Trustee shall fix a Special Record Date for the payment of such Defaulted Interest which shall be not more than 15 days and not less than 10 days prior to the date of the proposed payment and not less than 10 days after the receipt by the Trustee of the notice of the proposed payment. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company of such Special Record Date and, in the name and at the expense of the Company, shall cause notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor to be given to each Holder of Securities of such series in the manner set forth in Section 1.6, not less than 10 days prior to such Special Record Date. Notice of the proposed payment of such Defaulted Interest and the Special Record Date therefor having been so given, such Defaulted Interest shall be paid to the Persons in whose names the Securities of such series (or their respective Predecessor Securities) are registered at the close of business on such Special Record Date and shall no longer be payable pursuant to the following clause (2).
(2) The Company may make payment of any Defaulted Interest on the Securities of any series in any other lawful manner not inconsistent with the requirements of any securities exchange on which such Securities may be listed, and upon such notice as may be required by such exchange, if, after notice given by the Company to the Trustee of the proposed payment pursuant to this clause, such manner of payment shall be deemed practicable by the Trustee.
 
Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section, each Security delivered under this Indenture upon registration of transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Security shall carry the rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by such other Security.
Section 3.8    Persons Deemed Owners.
Prior to due presentment of a Security for registration of transfer, the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee may treat the Person in whose name such Security is registered as the owner of such Security for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of and any premium and (subject to Section 3.7) any interest on such Security and for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Security be overdue, and neither the Company, the Trustee nor any agent of the Company or the Trustee shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
Section 3.9    Cancellation.
All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange or for credit against any sinking fund payment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Trustee, be delivered to the Trustee and shall be promptly canceled by it. The Company may at any time deliver to the Trustee for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Company may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and may deliver to the Trustee (or to any other Person for delivery to the Trustee) for cancellation any Securities previously authenticated hereunder which the Company has not issued and sold, and all Securities so delivered shall be promptly canceled by the Trustee. No Securities shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Securities canceled as provided in this Section, except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All canceled Securities held by the Trustee shall be disposed of in accordance with its customary procedures.
Section 3.10    Computation of Interest.
Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for Securities of any series, interest on the Securities of each series shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.
Section 4.1    Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.
This Indenture shall upon Company Request cease to be of further effect (except as to any surviving rights of registration of transfer or exchange of Securities herein expressly provided for), and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, when
(1) either
(A) all Securities theretofore authenticated and delivered (other than (i) Securities which have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 3.6 and (ii) Securities for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust or segregated and held in trust by the Trustee or the Company and thereafter repaid to
 
the Company or discharged from such trust, as provided in Section 10.3) have been delivered to the Trustee for cancellation; or
(B) all such Securities not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation
(i) have become due and payable, or
(ii) will become due and payable at their Stated Maturity within one year, or
(iii) are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the name, and at the expense, of the Company,
and the Company, in the case of (i), (ii) or (iii) above, has deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds in trust for the purpose money in an amount sufficient to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on such Securities not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation, for principal and any premium and interest to the date of such deposit (in the case of Securities which have become due and payable) or to the Stated Maturity or Redemption Date, as the case may be;
(2) the Company has paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable hereunder by the Company; and
(3) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture have been complied with.
Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, the obligations of the Company to the Trustee under Section 6.7, the obligations of the Company to any Authenticating Agent under Section 6.14 and, if money shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to subclause (B) of clause (1) of this Section, the obligations of the Trustee under Section 4.2 and the last paragraph of Section 10.3 shall survive such satisfaction and discharge.
Section 4.2    Application of Trust Money.
Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 10.3, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.1 shall be held in trust and applied by it, in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) to the Company or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, of the principal and any premium and interest for whose payment such money has been deposited with the Trustee.
 
Section 5.1    Events of Default.
"Event of Default," wherever used herein with respect to Securities of any series, means any one of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body), unless in the Board Resolution (or in an Officers' Certificate detailing such establishment pursuant to such Board Resolution) or supplemental indenture establishing such series, it is provided that such series shall not have the benefit of said Event of Default:
(1) default in the payment of the principal or any premium on any Security of that series at its Maturity; or
(2) default in the payment of any interest upon any Security of that series when it becomes due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or
(3) default in the deposit of any sinking fund payment, when and as due by the terms of a Security of that series; or
(4) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or warranty of the Company in this Indenture (other than a covenant or warranty a default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this Section specifically dealt with or which has expressly been included in this Indenture solely for the benefit of series of Securities other than that series), and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 90 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; or
(5) the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (A) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (B) a decree or order adjudging the Company a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company under any applicable Federal or State law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or
(6) the commencement by the Company of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the
 
commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable Federal or State law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of its property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any such action; or
(7) any other Event of Default provided with respect to Securities of that series in the Board Resolution (or in an Officers' Certificate detailing such establishment pursuant to such Board Resolution) or supplemental indenture establishing that series.
Section 5.2    Acceleration of Maturity; Rescission and Annulment.
(a) Unless the Board Resolution (or in an Officers' Certificate detailing such establishment pursuant to such Board Resolution) or supplemental indenture establishing such series provides otherwise, if an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(5) or 5.1(6)) with respect to Securities of any series at the time Outstanding occurs and is continuing, then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series may declare the principal amount of all the Securities of that series (or, if any Securities of that series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount of such Securities as may be specified by the terms thereof), and premium, if any, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by the Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount), and premium, if any, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, shall become immediately due and payable. If an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(5) or 5.1(6) with respect to Securities of any series at the time Outstanding occurs, the principal amount of all the Securities of that series (or, if any Securities of that series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount of such Securities as may be specified by the terms thereof), and premium, if any, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, shall automatically, and without any declaration or other action on the part of the Trustee or any Holder, become immediately due and payable.
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, at the election of the Company, the sole remedy with respect to an Event of Default for the failure by the Company to comply with its obligations under Section 314(a)(1) of the Trust Indenture Act relating to the Company's failure to file any documents or reports that the Company is required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or of its covenants set forth in Section 7.4 (any such Event of Default, a "Reporting Default"), shall for the first 180 calendar days after the occurrence of such Reporting Default consist exclusively of the right to receive additional interest (the "Additional Interest") on the Securities at an annual rate equal to (i) 0.25% of the principal amount of the Securities for the first 90 calendar days after the occurrence of such Reporting Default and (ii) 0.50% of the principal amount of the Securities from the 91
st
day to, and including, the 180
th
day after the occurrence of such Reporting Default. If the Company so elects, the Additional Interest shall accrue on all Outstanding Securities from and including the date on which such Reporting Default first occurs until such violation is cured or waived and shall be payable as provided in Section 3.7. On the 181
st
day after such Reporting Default (if such violation is not cured or waived prior to such 181
st
calendar day), then the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding securities may declare the principal of, and premium, if any, together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all such Securities to be due and payable immediately.
 
If the Company elects to pay the Additional Interest as the sole remedy for the Reporting Default, the Company shall notify in writing, by a certificate, the Holders, the Paying Agent and the Trustee of such election at any time on or before the close of business on the first Business Day following the date on which such Event of Default first occurs. Unless and until a Responsible Officer of the Trustee receives at the Corporate Trust Office such a certificate, the Trustee may assume without inquiry that Additional Interest is not payable. The Company shall pay the Additional Interest semi-annually in arrears, with the first semi-annual payment due on the first Interest Payment Date following the date of such Reporting Default, in the same manner as described on the face of the Security.
(c) At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to Securities of any series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Article provided, the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if
(1) the Company has paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay
(A) all overdue interest on all Securities of that series, and
(B) the principal of (and premium, if any, on) any Securities of that series which have become due otherwise than by such declaration of acceleration and any interest thereon at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and
(C) to the extent that payment of such interest is lawful, interest upon overdue interest at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and
(D) all sums paid or advanced by the Trustee hereunder and the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel; and
(2) all Events of Default with respect to Securities of that series, other than the non-payment of the principal of Securities of that series which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13.
No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon.
In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under this Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or been abandoned because of such rescission or annulment or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company and the Trustee shall be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceedings had been taken.
For all purposes under this Indenture, if a portion of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Securities shall have been accelerated and declared due and payable pursuant to the provisions hereof, then, from and after such declaration, unless such declaration has been rescinded and annulled, the principal amount of such Original Issue Discount Securities shall be deemed, for all purposes hereunder, to be such portion of the principal thereof as shall be due and payable as a
 
result of such acceleration, and payment of such portion of the principal thereof as shall be due and payable as a result of such acceleration, together with interest, if any, thereon and all other amounts owing thereunder, shall constitute payment in full of such Original Issue Discount Securities.
Section 5.3    Collection of Indebtedness and Suits for Enforcement by Trustee.
The Company covenants that if
(1) default is made in the payment of the principal or the Redemption Price of (or premium, if any on) any Security at the Maturity thereof, or
(2) default is made in the payment of any interest on any Security when such interest becomes due and payable and such default continues for a period of 30 days,
the Company will, upon demand of the Trustee, pay to it, for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities, the whole amount then due and payable on such Securities for principal and any premium and interest and, to the extent that payment of such interest shall be legally enforceable, interest on any overdue principal and premium and on any overdue interest, at the rate or rates prescribed therefor in such Securities, and, in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel.
If an Event of Default with respect to Securities of any series occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any such rights, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement in this Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted herein, or to enforce any other proper remedy.
Section 5.4    Trustee May File Proofs of Claim.
In case of any judicial proceeding relative to the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), its property or its creditors, the Trustee shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise, to take any and all actions authorized under the Trust Indenture Act in order to have claims of the Holders and the Trustee allowed in any such proceeding. In particular, the Trustee shall be authorized to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the Trustee and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 6.7.
No provision of this Indenture shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities or the rights of any Holder thereof or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding; , , that the Trustee may, on behalf of the Holders, vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar official and be a member of a creditors' or other similar committee.
provided
however
 
Section 5.5    Trustee May Enforce Claims Without Possession of Securities.
All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Securities may be prosecuted and enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof in any proceeding relating thereto, and any such proceeding instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment shall, after provision for the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such judgment has been recovered.
Section 5.6    Application of Money Collected.
Any money collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article shall be applied in the following order, at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such money on account of principal or any premium or interest, upon presentation of the Securities and the notation thereon of the payment if only partially paid and upon surrender thereof if fully paid:
FIRST: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee under Section 6.7;
SECOND: To the payment of the amounts then due and unpaid for principal of and any premium, if any, and interest on the Securities in respect of which or for the benefit of which such money has been collected, ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the amounts due and payable on such Securities for principal and any premium, if any, and interest, respectively; and
THIRD: The balance, if any, to the Company or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct.
Section 5.7    Limitation on Suits.
No Holder of any Security of any series shall have any right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder, unless
(1) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Trustee of a continuing Event of Default with respect to the Securities of that series;
(2) the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series shall have made written request to the Trustee to institute proceedings in respect of such Event of Default in its own name as Trustee hereunder;
(3) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request;
(4) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity has failed to institute any such proceeding; and
(5) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Trustee during such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of that series;
 
it being understood and intended that no one or more of such Holders shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other of such Holders, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other of such Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal and ratable benefit of all of such Holders.
Section 5.8    Unconditional Right of Holders to Receive Principal, Premium and Interest and to Convert.
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, the Holder of any Security shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, to receive payment of the principal of and any premium and (subject to Section 3.7) interest on such Security on the respective Stated Maturities expressed in such Security (or, in the case of redemption, on the Redemption Date), to convert such Securities in accordance with Article 14 to the extent that such right to convert is applicable to such Security, and to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment, and such rights shall not be impaired without the consent of such Holder.
Section 5.9    Restoration of Rights and Remedies.
If the Trustee or any Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such proceeding, the Company, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceeding had been instituted.
Section 5.10    Rights and Remedies Cumulative.
Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities in the last paragraph of Section 3.6, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.
Section 5.11    Delay or Omission Not Waiver.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder of any Securities to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Trustee (subject to the limitations contained in this Indenture) or by the Holders, as the case may be.
Section 5.12    Control by Holders.
The Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the
 
Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Securities of such series, that
provided
(1) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture and the Trustee shall not have determined that the action so directed would be unjustly prejudicial to Holders of Securities of that series, or any other series, not taking part in such direction; and
(2) the Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction or this Indenture.
Section 5.13    Waiver of Past Defaults.
The Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series may on behalf of the Holders of all the Securities of such series waive any past default hereunder with respect to such series and its consequences, except
(1) a default in the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any Security of such series as and when the same shall become due and payable by the terms thereof, otherwise than by acceleration (unless such default has been cured and a sum sufficient to pay all matured installments of interest, principal and premium, if any, has been deposited with the Trustee), or
(2) to the extent such right is applicable to such Security, a failure by the Company on request to convert any Security into Common Stock; or
(3) in respect of a covenant or provision hereof which under Article 9 cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security of such series affected.
Upon any such waiver, such default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured, for every purpose of this Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon.
Section 5.14    Undertaking for Costs.
In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Trustee, a court may require any party litigant in such suit to file an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and may assess costs against any such party litigant, in the manner and to the extent provided in the Trust Indenture Act; that neither this Section nor the Trust Indenture Act shall be deemed to authorize any court to require such an undertaking or to make such an assessment in any suit instituted by a Holder to enforce payment of principal of or interest on any Security on the respective due dates, a suit by a Holder to enforce the right to convert in any suit for the enforcement of the right to convert any Security in accordance with Article 14 to the extent such right to convert is applicable to such Security, or a suit by Holders of more than 10% in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities.
provided
 
Section 5.15    Waiver of Usury, Stay or Extension Laws.
The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not at any time insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any usury, stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture; and the Company (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted.
Section 6.1    Certain Duties and Responsibilities.
(a) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default,
(1) the Trustee undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Indenture, and no implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against the Trustee; and
(2) in the absence of willful misconduct on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).
(b) In case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own affairs.
(c) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that
(1) this Subsection shall not be construed to limit the effect of Subsection (a) of this Section;
(2) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts;
(3) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, relating to the time, method and place of conducting any
 
proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to the Securities of such series; and
(4) no provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.
(d) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of this Section.
Section 6.2    Notice of Defaults.
If a default occurs hereunder with respect to Securities of any series, the Trustee shall give the Holders of Securities of such series notice of such default as and to the extent provided by the Trust Indenture Act; , , that except in the case of a default in the payment of principal or Redemption Price of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Securities of such series or in the payment of any sinking fund installment or any conversion right applicable to Securities of such series, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith determine that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the holders of Securities of such series; , , , that in the case of any default of the character specified in Section 5.1(4) with respect to Securities of such series, no such notice to Holders shall be given until at least 60 days after the occurrence thereof. For the purpose of this Section, the term "default" means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default with respect to Securities of such series.
provided
however
provided
further
however
Except with respect to Section 10.1, the Trustee shall have no duty to inquire as to the performance of the Company with respect to the covenants contained in Article 10. In addition, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of an Event of Default except (i) any Default or Event of Default occurring pursuant to Sections 5.1(1), 5.1(2) and 5.1(3) (defaults in payments on the Securities) or (ii) any Default or Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received written notification at its Corporate Trust Office or obtained actual knowledge.
Delivery of reports, information and documents to the Trustee under Section 7.4 is for informational purposes only and the Trustee's receipt of the foregoing shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Company's compliance with any of their covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely conclusively on Officers' Certificates).
Section 6.3    Certain Rights of Trustee.
Subject to the provisions of Section 6.1:
(1) in the absence of bad faith on the part of the Trustee, the Trustee may conclusively rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture,
 
note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties;
(2) any request or direction of the Company mentioned herein shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Company Request or Company Order, and any resolution of the Board of Directors shall be sufficiently evidenced by a Board Resolution;
(3) whenever in the administration of this Indenture the Trustee shall deem it desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking, suffering or omitting any action hereunder, the Trustee (unless other evidence be herein specifically prescribed) is entitled to and may, in the absence of bad faith on its part, rely upon an Officers' Certificate;
(4) the Trustee may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon;
(5) the Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the Holders pursuant to this Indenture, unless such Holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction;
(6) the Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Company, personally or by agent or attorney and shall incur no liability or additional liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation;
(7) the Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any agent or attorney appointed with due care by it hereunder;
(8) the Trustee shall not be liable for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by it in good faith and reasonably believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture;
(9) in no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action;
(10) the rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall
 
be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder; and
(11) the Trustee may request that the Company deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this Indenture.
Section 6.4    Not Responsible for Recitals or Issuance of Securities.
The recitals contained herein and in the Securities, except the Trustee's certificates of authentication, shall be taken as the statements of the Company, and neither the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent assumes any responsibility for their correctness. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity, sufficiency or priority of this Indenture or of the Securities. Neither the Trustee nor any Authenticating Agent shall be accountable for the use or application by the Company of Securities or the proceeds thereof.
Section 6.5    May Hold Securities and Act as Trustee under Other Indentures.
The Trustee, any Authenticating Agent, any Paying Agent, any Security Registrar or any other agent of the Company, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Securities and, subject to Sections 6.8 and 6.13, may otherwise deal with the Company with the same rights it would have if it were not Trustee, Authenticating Agent, Paying Agent, Security Registrar or such other agent.
Subject to the limitations imposed by the Trust Indenture Act, nothing in this Indenture shall prohibit the Trustee from becoming and acting as trustee under other indentures under which other securities, or certificates of interest of participation in other securities, of the Company are outstanding in the same manner as if it were not Trustee hereunder.
Section 6.6    Money Held in Trust.
Money held by the Trustee in trust hereunder need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Company.
Section 6.7    Compensation and Reimbursement.
The Company agrees:
(1) to pay to the Trustee from time to time reasonable compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder (which compensation shall not be limited by any provision of law in regard to the compensation of a trustee of an express trust);
(2) except as otherwise expressly provided herein, to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel), except any such expense, disbursement or advance as shall be determined to have been caused by its own negligence or willful misconduct; and
 
(3) to indemnify the Trustee for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense incurred without negligence or willful misconduct on its part, arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the trust or trusts hereunder, including the costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder.
When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of Default specified in Section 5.1(5) or Section 5.1(6) hereof occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law.
The provisions of this Section 6.7 shall survive the termination and discharge of this Indenture.
Section 6.8    Conflicting Interests.
If the Trustee has or shall acquire a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act and there is an Event of Default under the Securities of that series, the Trustee shall either eliminate such interest or resign, to the extent and in the manner provided by, and subject to the provisions of, the Trust Indenture Act and this Indenture. To the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have a conflicting interest by virtue of being a trustee under this Indenture with respect to Securities of more than one series.
Section 6.9    Corporate Trustee Required; Eligibility.
There shall at all times be one (and only one) Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of each series, which may be Trustee hereunder for Securities of one or more other series. Each Trustee shall be a Person that is eligible pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act to act as such and has (or if the Trustee is a member of a bank holding company system, its bank holding company has) a combined capital and surplus of at least $50,000,000. If any such Person or bank holding company publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of its supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section and to the extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act, the combined capital and surplus of such Person or bank holding company shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, it shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect hereinafter specified in this Article.
Section 6.10    Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor.
No resignation or removal of the Trustee and no appointment of a successor Trustee pursuant to this Article shall become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11.
The Trustee may resign at any time with respect to the Securities of one or more series by giving written notice thereof to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 6.11 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition at the expense of the Company any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.
 
The Trustee may be removed at any time with respect to the Securities of any series by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series, delivered to the Trustee and to the Company. If the instrument of acceptance by a successor Trustee required by Section 6.11 shall not have been delivered to the Trustee within 30 days after the delivery of such Act, the resigning Trustee may petition at the expense of the Company any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.
If at any time:
(1) the Trustee shall fail to comply with Section 6.8 after written request therefor by the Company or by any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security for at least six months, or
(2) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 6.9 and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Company or by any such Holder, or
(3) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent or a receiver of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation,
then, in any such case, (A) the Company by a Board Resolution may remove the Trustee with respect to all Securities, or (B) subject to Section 5.14, any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security for at least six months may, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee with respect to all Securities and the appointment of a successor Trustee or Trustees.
If the Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of Trustee for any cause, with respect to the Securities of one or more series, the Company, by a Board Resolution, shall promptly appoint a successor Trustee or Trustees with respect to the Securities of that or those series (it being understood that any such successor Trustee may be appointed with respect to the Securities of one or more or all of such series and that at any time there shall be only one Trustee with respect to the Securities of any particular series) and shall comply with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11. If, within one year after such resignation, removal or incapability, or the occurrence of such vacancy, a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall be appointed by Act of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series delivered to the Company and the retiring Trustee, the successor Trustee so appointed shall, forthwith upon its acceptance of such appointment in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 6.11, become the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and to that extent supersede the successor Trustee appointed by the Company. If no successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series shall have been so appointed by the Company or the Holders and accepted appointment in the manner required by Section 6.11, the retiring Trustee may petition, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security of such series for at least six months may petition, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series.
The Company shall give notice of each resignation and each removal of the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series and each appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series to all Holders of Securities of such series in the manner provided in Section 1.6. Each notice shall
 
include the name of the successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series and the address of its Corporate Trust Office.
Section 6.11    Acceptance of Appointment by Successor.
In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to all Securities, every such successor Trustee so appointed shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Company and to the retiring Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee; but, on the request of the Company or the successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall, upon payment of its charges, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder.
In case of the appointment hereunder of a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Company, the retiring Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more series shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto wherein each successor Trustee shall accept such appointment and which (1) shall contain such provisions as shall be necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, each successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates, (2) if the retiring Trustee is not retiring with respect to all Securities, shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series as to which the retiring Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the retiring Trustee, and (3) shall add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such Trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such Trustee shall be trustee of a trust or trusts hereunder separate and apart from any trust or trusts hereunder administered by any other such Trustee; and upon the execution and delivery of such supplemental indenture the resignation or removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective to the extent provided therein and each such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates; but, on request of the Company or any successor Trustee, such retiring Trustee shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Trustee hereunder with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates.
Upon request of any such successor Trustee, the Company shall execute any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts referred to in the first or second preceding paragraph, as the case may be.
No successor Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Trustee shall be qualified and eligible under this Article.
 
Section 6.12    Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business.
Any corporation into which the Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to all or substantially all the corporate trust business of the Trustee (including the administration of the trust created by this Indenture), shall be the successor of the Trustee hereunder, such corporation shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under this Article, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. In case any Securities shall have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Securities so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Trustee had itself authenticated such Securities. In the event that any Securities shall not have been authenticated by such predecessor Trustee, any such successor Trustee may authenticate and deliver such Securities in either its own name or that of such predecessor Trustee, with the full force and effect which this Indenture provides for the certificate of authentication of the Trustee.
provided
Section 6.13    Preferential Collection of Claims Against Company.
If and when the Trustee shall be or become a creditor of the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities), the Trustee shall be subject to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act regarding the collection of claims against the Company (or any such other obligor).
Section 6.14    Appointment of Authenticating Agent.
The Trustee may appoint an Authenticating Agent or Agents with respect to one or more series of Securities which shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of such series issued upon original issue and upon exchange, registration of transfer or partial redemption thereof or pursuant to Section 3.6, and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of this Indenture and shall be valid and obligatory for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. Wherever reference is made in this Indenture to the authentication and delivery of Securities by the Trustee or the Trustee's certificate of authentication, such reference shall be deemed to include authentication and delivery on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent and a certificate of authentication executed on behalf of the Trustee by an Authenticating Agent. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Company and shall at all times be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia, authorized under such laws to act as Authenticating Agent, having (or if the Authenticating Agent is a member of a bank holding company system, its bank holding company has) a combined capital and surplus of not less than $50,000,000 and subject to supervision or examination by Federal or State authority. If such Authenticating Agent publishes reports of condition at least annually, pursuant to law or to the requirements of said supervising or examining authority, then for the purposes of this Section, the combined capital and surplus of such Authenticating Agent shall be deemed to be its combined capital and surplus as set forth in its most recent report of condition so published. If at any time an Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, such Authenticating Agent shall resign immediately in the manner and with the effect specified in this Section.
Any corporation into which an Authenticating Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which such Authenticating Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the corporate agency or corporate trust business of an Authenticating Agent, shall continue to be an Authenticating Agent,
provided
 
such corporation shall be otherwise eligible under this Section, without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of the Trustee or the Authenticating Agent.
An Authenticating Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Trustee and to the Company. The Trustee may at any time terminate the agency of an Authenticating Agent by giving written notice thereof to such Authenticating Agent and to the Company. Upon receiving such a notice of resignation or upon such a termination, or in case at any time such Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of this Section, the Trustee may appoint a successor Authenticating Agent which shall be acceptable to the Company and shall give notice of such appointment in the manner provided in Section 1.6 to all Holders of Securities of the series with respect to which such Authenticating Agent will serve. Any successor Authenticating Agent upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as an Authenticating Agent. No successor Authenticating Agent shall be appointed unless eligible under the provisions of this Section.
The Company agrees to pay to each Authenticating Agent from time to time reasonable compensation for its services under this Section.
If an appointment with respect to one or more series is made pursuant to this Section 6.14, the Securities of such series may have endorsed thereon, in lieu of the Trustee's certificate of authentication, an alternative certificate of authentication in the following form:
This is one of the Securities of the series designated therein referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
 
Section 7.1    Company to Furnish Trustee Names and Addresses of Holders.
The Company will furnish or cause to be furnished to the Trustee
(1) semi-annually, not later than 15 days after the Regular Record Date for each respective series of Securities, a list, in such form as the Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Holders of Securities of each series as of such Regular Record Date, as the case may be, or if there is no Regular Record Date for such series of Securities, semi-annually, and
 
(2) at such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, within 30 days after the receipt by the Company of any such request, a list of similar form and content as of a date not more than 15 days prior to the time such list is furnished;
that no such list need be furnished by the Company to the Trustee so long as the Trustee is acting as Security Registrar.
provided
Section 7.2    Preservation of Information; Communications to Holders.
The Trustee shall preserve, in as current a form as is reasonably practicable, the names and addresses of Holders contained in the most recent list furnished to the Trustee as provided in Section 7.1 and the names and addresses of Holders received by the Trustee in its capacity as Security Registrar. The Trustee may destroy any list furnished to it as provided in Section 7.1 upon receipt of a new list so furnished.
The rights of Holders to communicate with other Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or under the Securities, and the corresponding rights and privileges of the Trustee, shall be as provided by the Trust Indenture Act.
Every Holder of Securities, by receiving and holding the same, agrees with the Company and the Trustee that neither the Company nor the Trustee nor any agent of either of them shall be held accountable by reason of any disclosure of information as to names and addresses of Holders made pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act.
Section 7.3    Reports by Trustee.
The Trustee shall transmit to Holders such reports concerning the Trustee and its actions under this Indenture as may be required pursuant to the Trust Indenture Act at the times and in the manner provided pursuant thereto.
Reports so required to be transmitted at stated intervals of not more than 12 months shall be transmitted no later than July 15 in each calendar year, commencing with the first July 15 after the first issuance of Securities pursuant to this Indenture.
A copy of each such report shall, at the time of such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with each stock exchange upon which any Securities are listed, with the Commission and with the Company. The Company will notify the Trustee when any Securities are listed or delisted on any stock exchange.
 
Section 7.4    Reports by Company.
Any information, documents or other reports that the Company shall file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act shall be filed with the Trustee within 15 days after the same is filed with the Commission; that any such information, documents or reports filed or furnished with the Commission pursuant to its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval (or EDGAR) system shall be deemed to be filed with the Trustee as of the time such information, documents or reports are filed or furnished via EDGAR.
provided
Section 8.1    Company May Consolidate, etc., Only on Certain Terms.
The Company shall not consolidate with or merge into any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company) (in a transaction in which the Company is not the surviving corporation) or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company), unless:
(1) in case the Company shall consolidate with or merge into another Person (in a transaction in which the Company is not the surviving corporation) or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any Person, the Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Company substantially as an entirety shall be a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust or other business entity, shall be organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental hereto, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and any premium and interest on all the Securities and the performance or observance of every covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Company to be performed or observed and the conversion rights shall be provided for in accordance with Article 14, if applicable, or as otherwise specified pursuant to Section 3.1, by supplemental indenture satisfactory in form to the Trustee, executed and delivered to the Trustee, by the Person (if other than the Company) formed by such consolidation or into which the Company shall have been merged or by the Person which shall have acquired the Company's assets;
(2) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an Event of Default, shall have occurred and be continuing; and
(3) the Company has delivered to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture comply with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with.
 
Section 8.2    Successor Substituted.
Upon any consolidation of the Company with, or merger of the Company into, any other Person or any conveyance, transfer or lease of the properties and assets of the Company substantially as an entirety in accordance with Section 8.1, the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into which the Company is merged or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under this Indenture with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named as the Company herein, and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor Person shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under this Indenture and the Securities.
Section 9.1    Supplemental Indentures Without Consent of Holders.
Without the consent of any Holders, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Trustee, for any of the following purposes:
(1) to evidence the succession of another Person to the Company, or successive successions, and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Company herein and in the Securities in compliance with Article 8; or
(2) to add to the covenants of the Company for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (and if such covenants are to be for the benefit of less than all series of Securities, stating that such covenants are expressly being included solely for the benefit of such series) or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Company; or
(3) to add any additional Events of Default for the benefit of the Holders of all or any series of Securities (and if such additional Events of Default are to be for the benefit of less than all series of Securities, stating that such additional Events of Default are expressly being included solely for the benefit of such series); or
(4) to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the issuance of Securities in bearer form, registrable or not registrable as to principal, and with or without interest coupons, or to permit or facilitate the issuance of Securities in uncertificated form; or
(5) to add to, change or eliminate any of the provisions of this Indenture in respect of one or more series of Securities, that any such addition, change or elimination (A) shall neither (i) apply to any Security of any series created prior to the execution of such supplemental indenture and entitled to the benefit of such provision nor (ii) modify the rights of the Holder of any such Security with respect to such provision or (B) shall become effective only when there is no such Security Outstanding; or
provided
 
(6) to secure the Securities, including provisions regarding the circumstances under which collateral may be released or substituted; or
(7) to add or provide for a guaranty of the Securities or additional obligors on the Securities; or
(8) to establish the form or terms of Securities of any series as permitted by Sections 2.1 and 3.1; or
(9) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of one or more series and to add to or change any of the provisions of this Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of Section 6.11; or
(10) to conform this Indenture to the description of the Securities set forth in the Prospectus; or
(11) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein, or to make any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under this Indenture, that such action pursuant to this clause (11) shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of any series in any material respect; or
provided
(12) to supplement any of the provisions of this Indenture to such extent as shall be necessary to permit or facilitate the defeasance and discharge of any series of Securities pursuant to Articles 4 and 13, that any such action shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Securities of such series or any other series of Securities in any material respect; or
provided
(13) to maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act.
Section 9.2    Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders.
With the consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of each series affected by such supplemental indenture, by Act of said Holders delivered to the Company and the Trustee, the Company, when authorized by a Board Resolution, and the Trustee may enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series under this Indenture; , , that no such supplemental indenture shall, without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby,
provided
however
(1) change the Stated Maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any Security, or reduce the principal amount thereof or the rate of interest thereon or any premium payable upon the redemption thereof, or reduce the amount of the principal of an Original Issue Discount Security or any other Security which would be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the Maturity thereof pursuant to Section 5.2, or change the Place of Payment or the coin or currency in which, any Security or any premium or interest thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after the Stated Maturity thereof (or, in the case of redemption, on or after the Redemption Date), or modify the provisions of this
 
Indenture in the case of Securities of any series that are convertible into Securities or other securities of the Company, adversely affect the right of Holders to convert any of the Securities of such series other than as provided in or pursuant to this Indenture, or
(2) reduce the percentage in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of any series, the consent of whose Holders is required for any such supplemental indenture, or the consent of whose Holders is required for any waiver (of compliance with certain provisions of this Indenture or certain defaults hereunder and their consequences) provided for in this Indenture, or
(3) modify any of the provisions of this Section or Section 5.13, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of this Indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Security affected thereby; , , that this clause shall not be deemed to require the consent of any Holder with respect to changes in the references to "the Trustee" and concomitant changes in this Section, or the deletion of this proviso, in accordance with the requirements of Sections 6.11 and 9.1(8), or
provided
however
(4) if applicable, make any change that adversely affects the right to convert any security as provided in Article 14 to the extent such right to convert is applicable to such security or pursuant to Section 3.1 (except as permitted by Section 9.1(9)).
A supplemental indenture which changes or eliminates any covenant or other provision of this Indenture which has expressly been included solely for the benefit of one or more particular series of Securities, or which modifies the rights of the Holders of Securities of such series with respect to such covenant or other provision, shall be deemed not to affect the rights under this Indenture of the Holders of Securities of any other series.
It shall not be necessary for any Act of Holders under this Section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such Act shall approve the substance thereof.
Section 9.3    Execution of Supplemental Indentures.
In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any supplemental indenture permitted by this Article or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Trustee shall receive, and shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel and Officers' Certificate stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture. The Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Trustee's own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise.
Section 9.4    Effect of Supplemental Indentures.
Upon the execution of any supplemental indenture under this Article, this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes; and every Holder of Securities theretofore or thereafter authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby.
Section 9.5    Conformity with Trust Indenture Act.
This Indenture shall incorporate and be governed by the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of and to govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. If any provision of
 
this Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by the Trust Indenture Act, such imposed duties shall control.
Section 9.6    Reference in Securities to Supplemental Indentures.
Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article may, and shall if required by the Trustee, bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Company shall so determine, new Securities of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Company, to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Company and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Securities of such series.
Section 10.1    Payment of Principal, Premium and Interest.
The Company covenants and agrees for the benefit of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay the principal of and any premium and interest on the Securities of that series in accordance with the terms of the Securities and this Indenture.
Section 10.2    Maintenance of Office or Agency.
The Company will maintain in each Place of Payment for any series of Securities an office or agency where Securities of that series may be presented or surrendered for payment, where Securities of that series may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange, where Securities of that series may be surrendered for conversion to the extent that such right to convert is applicable to such Security and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Securities of that series and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee, and the Company hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands. Unless otherwise provided in a supplemental indenture or pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof, the Place of Payment for any series of Securities shall be the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.
The Company may also from time to time designate one or more other offices or agencies where the Securities of one or more series may be presented or surrendered for any or all such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; , , that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve the Company of its obligation to maintain an office or agency in each Place of Payment for Securities of any series for such purposes. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.
provided
however
Section 10.3    Money for Securities Payments To Be Held in Trust.
If the Company shall at any time act as its own Paying Agent with respect to any series of Securities, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of or any premium or interest on any of the Securities of
 
that series, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled thereto a sum sufficient to pay the principal and any premium and interest so becoming due until such sums shall be paid to such Persons or otherwise disposed of as herein provided and will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.
Whenever the Company shall have one or more Paying Agents for any series of Securities, it will, on or prior to each due date of the principal of or any premium or interest on any Securities of that series, deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay such amount, such sum to be held as provided by the Trust Indenture Act, and (unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee) the Company will promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act.
The Company will cause each Paying Agent for any series of Securities other than the Trustee to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such Paying Agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section, that such Paying Agent will (1) comply with the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act applicable to it as a Paying Agent and (2) during the continuance of any default by the Company (or any other obligor upon the Securities of that series) in the making of any payment in respect of the Securities of that series, upon the written request of the Trustee, forthwith pay to the Trustee all sums held in trust by such Paying Agent for payment in respect of the Securities of that series.
The Company may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or for any other purpose, pay, or by Company Order direct any Paying Agent to pay, to the Trustee all sums held in trust by the Company or such Paying Agent, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the same trusts as those upon which such sums were held by the Company or such Paying Agent; and, upon such payment by any Paying Agent to the Trustee, such Paying Agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such money.
Any amounts deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or then held by the Company, in trust for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any Security of any series and remaining unclaimed for a period ending on the earlier of the date that is ten Business Days prior to the date such money would escheat to the State or two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable shall be paid to the Company on Company Request, or (if then held by the Company) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such Security shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Company for payment thereof, and all liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust money, and all liability of the Company as trustee thereof, shall thereupon cease; , , that the Trustee or such Paying Agent, before being required to make any such repayment, may at the expense of the Company cause to be published once, in a newspaper published in the English language, customarily published on each Business Day and of general circulation in each Place of Payment, notice that such money remains unclaimed and that, after a date specified therein, which shall not be less than 30 days from the date of such publication, any unclaimed balance of such money then remaining will be repaid to the Company.
provided
however
Section 10.4    Statement by Officers as to Default.
The Company will deliver to the Trustee, within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company ending after the date hereof, an Officers' Certificate, stating whether or not to the best knowledge of the signers thereof the Company is in default in the performance and observance of any of the terms, provisions and conditions of this Indenture (without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided hereunder) and, if the Company shall be in default, specifying all such defaults and the nature and status thereof of which they may have knowledge. The fiscal year of the Company currently ends on December 31; and the Company will give the Trustee prompt written notice of any change of its fiscal year.
 
Section 10.5    Existence.
Subject to Article 8, the Company will do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence.
Section 10.6    Reserved.
Section 10.7    Reserved.
Section 10.8    Waiver of Certain Covenants.
Except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for Securities of such series, the Company may, with respect to the Securities of any series, omit in any particular instance to comply with any term, provision or condition set forth in any covenant provided pursuant to Section 3.1(19), 9.1(2) or 9.1(7) for the benefit of the Holders of such series if before the time for such compliance the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the Outstanding Securities of such series shall, by Act of such Holders, either waive such compliance in such instance or generally waive compliance with such term, provision or condition, but no such waiver shall extend to or affect such term, provision or condition except to the extent so expressly waived, and, until such waiver shall become effective, the obligations of the Company and the duties of the Trustee in respect of any such term, provision or condition shall remain in full force and effect.
Section 11.1    Applicability of Article.
Securities of any series that are redeemable before their Stated Maturity shall be redeemable in accordance with their terms and (except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for such Securities) in accordance with this Article.
Section 11.2    Election to Redeem; Notice to Trustee.
The election of the Company to redeem any Securities shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution or in another manner specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for such Securities. In case of any redemption at the election of the Company of less than all the Securities of any series (including any such redemption affecting only a single Security), the Company shall, at least 45 days prior to the Redemption Date fixed by the Company (unless a shorter notice shall be satisfactory to the Trustee or is specified in the Board Resolution (or in an Officers' Certificate pursuant to such Board Resolution detailing such establishment) or supplemental indenture establishing such series), notify the Trustee in writing of such Redemption Date, of the principal amount of Securities of such series to be redeemed and, if applicable, of the tenor of the Securities to be redeemed.
Section 11.3    Selection by Trustee of Securities to Be Redeemed.
If less than all the Securities of any series are to be redeemed (unless all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed or unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 45 days prior to the Redemption Date by
 
the Trustee, from the Outstanding Securities of such series not previously called for redemption, by lot, on a pro-rata basis or by such other method that the Trustee deems appropriate, that the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of any Security shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such Security. If less than all the Securities of such series and of a specified tenor are to be redeemed (unless such redemption affects only a single Security), the particular Securities to be redeemed shall be selected not more than 45 days prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee, from the Outstanding Securities of such series and specified tenor not previously called for redemption in accordance with the preceding sentence.
provided
To the extent that the Security of any series is convertible pursuant to Article 14, if any Security selected for partial redemption is converted in part before termination of the conversion right with respect to the portion of the Security so selected, the converted portion of such Security shall be deemed (so far as may be) to be the portion selected for redemption, and Securities that have been converted during a selection of Securities to be redeemed shall be treated by the Trustee as Outstanding for the purpose of such selection.
The Trustee shall promptly notify the Company in writing of the Securities selected for redemption as aforesaid and, in case of any Securities selected for partial redemption as aforesaid, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed.
The provisions of the three preceding paragraphs shall not apply with respect to any redemption affecting only a single Security, whether such Security is to be redeemed in whole or in part. In the case of any such redemption in part, the unredeemed portion of the principal amount of the Security shall be in an authorized denomination (which shall not be less than the minimum authorized denomination) for such Security.
For all purposes of this Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Securities shall relate, in the case of any Securities redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of such Securities which has been or is to be redeemed.
Section 11.4    Notice of Redemption.
Notice of redemption shall be given in the manner provided in Section 1.6 not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date, unless a shorter period is specified in the Securities to be redeemed, to each Holder of Securities to be redeemed, at its address appearing in the Security Register or, if the Securities are held in book-entry form, sent by electronic transmission.
All notices of redemption shall state:
(1) the Redemption Date,
(2) the Redemption Price (including accrued interest, if any),
(3) if less than all the Outstanding Securities of any series consisting of more than a single Security are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption of any such Securities, the principal amounts) of the particular Securities to be redeemed and, if less than all the Outstanding Securities of any series consisting of a single Security are to be redeemed, the principal amount of the particular Security to be redeemed,
 
(4) in case any Security is to be redeemed in part only, that on and after the Redemption Date, upon surrender of the Security, the Holder of such Security will receive, without charge, a new Security or Securities of authorized denominations for the principal amount thereof remaining unredeemed;
(5) that on the Redemption Date the Redemption Price will become due and payable upon each such Security to be redeemed and, if applicable, that interest thereon will cease to accrue on and after said date,
(6) the place or places where each such Security is to be surrendered for payment of the Redemption Price,
(7) if and to the extent such Security of a series is convertible pursuant to Article 14, the conversion price or the conversion rate, as the case may be, the date on which the right to convert the principal of the Securities or the portions thereof to be redeemed will terminate, and the place or places where such Securities may be surrendered for conversion,
(8) that the redemption is for a sinking fund, if such is the case, and
(9) the CUSIP number or numbers and/or common code(s) of the Security being redeemed.
Notice of redemption of Securities to be redeemed at the election of the Company shall be given by the Company or, at the Company's request and provision to the Trustee of such notice five days prior to the giving of such notice, by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Company and shall be irrevocable.
Section 11.5    Deposit of Redemption Price.
On or prior to any Redemption Date, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent (or, if the Company is acting as its own Paying Agent, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 10.3) an amount of money sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any, on, all the Securities which are to be redeemed on that date.
To the extent such Security of a series is convertible pursuant to Article 14, upon conversion of any such Security called for redemption, any money deposited with the Trustee or with a Paying Agent or so segregated and held in trust for the redemption of such Security shall (subject to the right of any Holder of such Security to receive interest as provided in the last paragraph of Section 3.7) be paid to the Company on Company Request, or if then held by the Company, shall be discharged from such trust.
Section 11.6    Securities Payable on Redemption Date.
Notice of redemption having been given as aforesaid, the Securities so to be redeemed shall, on the Redemption Date, become due and payable at the Redemption Price therein specified, and from and after such date (unless the Company shall default in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest, if any) such Securities shall cease to bear interest. Upon surrender of any such Security for redemption in accordance with said notice, such Security shall be paid by the Company at the Redemption Price, together with accrued interest, if any, to the Redemption Date; , , that, unless otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1, installments of interest whose Stated Maturity is on or prior to the Redemption
provided
however
 
Date will be payable to the Holders of such Securities, or one or more Predecessor Securities, registered as such at the close of business on the relevant Record Dates according to their terms and the provisions of Section 3.7.
If any Security called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal and any premium shall, until paid, bear interest from the Redemption Date at the rate prescribed therefor in the Security.
Section 11.7    Securities Redeemed in Part.
Any Security which is to be redeemed only in part shall be surrendered at a Place of Payment therefor (with, if the Company or the Trustee so requires, due endorsement by, or a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Company and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder thereof or its attorney duly authorized in writing), and the Company shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to the Holder of such Security without service charge, a new Security or Securities of the same series and of like tenor, of any authorized denomination as requested by such Holder, in aggregate principal amount equal to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the principal of the Security so surrendered.
Section 12.1    Applicability of Article.
The provisions of this Article shall be applicable to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of any series except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for such Securities.
The minimum amount of any sinking fund payment provided for by the terms of any Securities is herein referred to as a "mandatory sinking fund payment," and any payment in excess of such minimum amount provided for by the terms of such Securities is herein referred to as an "optional sinking fund payment." If provided for by the terms of any Securities, the cash amount of any sinking fund payment may be subject to reduction as provided in Section 12.2. Each sinking fund payment shall be applied to the redemption of Securities as provided for by the terms of such Securities.
Section 12.2    Satisfaction of Sinking Fund Payments with Securities.
The Company (1) may deliver Outstanding Securities of a series (other than any previously called for redemption) and (2) may apply as a credit Securities of a series which have been redeemed either at the election of the Company pursuant to the terms of such Securities or through the application of permitted optional sinking fund payments pursuant to the terms of such Securities, in each case in satisfaction of all or any part of any sinking fund payment with respect to any Securities of such series required to be made pursuant to the terms of such Securities as and to the extent provided for by the terms of such Securities; that the Securities to be so credited have not been previously so credited. The Securities to be so credited shall be received and credited for such purpose by the Trustee at the Redemption Price, as specified in the Securities so to be redeemed, for redemption through operation of the sinking fund and the amount of such sinking fund payment shall be reduced accordingly.
provided
 
Section 12.3    Redemption of Securities for Sinking Fund.
Not fewer than 60 days prior to each sinking fund payment date for any Securities, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate specifying the amount of the next ensuing sinking fund payment for such Securities pursuant to the terms of such Securities, the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by payment of cash and the portion thereof, if any, which is to be satisfied by delivering and crediting Securities pursuant to Section 12.2 and will also deliver to the Trustee any Securities to be so delivered. Not fewer than 30 days prior to each such sinking fund payment date, the Trustee shall select the Securities to be redeemed upon such sinking fund payment date in the manner specified in Section 11.3 and cause notice of the redemption thereof to be given in the name of and at the expense of the Company in the manner provided in Section 11.4. Such notice having been duly given, the redemption of such Securities shall be made upon the terms and in the manner stated in Sections 11.6 and 11.7.
Section 13.1    Company's Option to Effect Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
The Company may elect, at its option at any time, to have Section 13.2 or Section 13.3 applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, designated pursuant to Section 3.1 as being defeasible pursuant to such Section 13.2 or 13.3, in accordance with any applicable requirements provided pursuant to Section 3.1 and upon compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article. Any such election shall be evidenced by a Board Resolution or in another manner specified as contemplated by Section 3.1 for such Securities.
Section 13.2    Defeasance and Discharge.
Upon the Company's exercise of its option (if any) to have this Section applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the Company shall be deemed to have been discharged from its obligations with respect to such Securities as provided in this Section on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 13.4 are satisfied (hereinafter called "Defeasance"). For this purpose, such Defeasance means that the Company shall be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire indebtedness represented by such Securities and to have satisfied all its other obligations under such Securities and this Indenture insofar as such Securities are concerned (and the Trustee, at the expense of the Company, shall execute proper instruments acknowledging the same), subject to the following which shall survive until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:
(1) the rights of Holders of such Securities to receive, solely from the trust fund described in Section 13.4 and as more fully set forth in such Section, payments in respect of the principal of and any premium and interest on such Securities when payments are due,
(2) the Company's obligations with respect to such Securities under Sections 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 10.2 and 10.3, and, if applicable, Article 14,
(3) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder, and
(4) this Article.
 
Subject to compliance with this Article, the Company may exercise its option (if any) to have this Section applied to any Securities notwithstanding the prior exercise of its option (if any) to have Section 13.3 applied to such Securities.
Section 13.3    Covenant Defeasance.
Upon the Company's exercise of its option (if any) to have this Section applied to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be,
(1) the Company shall be released from any covenants provided pursuant to Sections 3.1(19), 9.1(2) or 9.1(7) for the benefit of the Holders of such Securities and
(2) the occurrence of any event specified in Section 5.1(4) (with respect to any such covenants provided pursuant to Section 3.1(19), 9.1(2) or 9.1(7)) and the occurrence of any other Event of Default specified pursuant to Section 3.1 shall be deemed not to be or result in an Event of Default,
in each case with respect to such Securities or any series of Securities as provided in this Section on and after the date the conditions set forth in Section 13.4 are satisfied (hereinafter called "Covenant Defeasance"). For this purpose, such Covenant Defeasance means that, with respect to such Securities, the Company may omit to comply with and shall have no liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any such specified Section (to the extent so specified in the case of Section 5.1(4) and the occurrence of any other Event of Default specified pursuant to Section 3.1), whether directly or indirectly by reason of any reference elsewhere herein to any such Section or by reason of any reference in any such Section to any other provision herein or in any other document, but the remainder of this Indenture and such Securities shall be unaffected thereby.
Section 13.4    Conditions to Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance.
The following shall be the conditions to the application of Section 13.2 or Section 13.3 to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be:
(1) The Company shall irrevocably have deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee (or another trustee which satisfies the requirements contemplated by Section 6.9 and agrees to comply with the provisions of this Article applicable to it) as trust funds in trust for the purpose of making the following payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to, the benefits of the Holders of such Securities,
(A) in the case of Securities of a series denominated in currency of the United States of America,
(i) cash in currency of the United States of America in an amount, or
(ii) U.S. Government Obligations which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide, not later than one day before the due date of any payment, an amount in cash, or
(iii) a combination thereof, or
 
(B) in the case of Securities of a series denominated in currency other than that of the United States of America,
(i) cash in the currency in which such series of Securities is denominated in an amount, or
(ii) Foreign Government Obligations which through the scheduled payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms will provide, not later than one day before the due date of any payment, an amount in cash, or
(iii) a combination thereof,
in each case sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, to pay and discharge, and which shall be applied by the Trustee (or any such other qualifying trustee) to pay and discharge, the principal of and any premium and interest on such Securities on the respective Stated Maturities, in accordance with the terms of this Indenture and such Securities.
(2) In the event of an election to have Section 13.2 apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that (A) the Company has received from, or there has been published by, the Internal Revenue Service a ruling or (B) since the date of this instrument, there has been a change in the applicable Federal income tax law, in either case (A) or (B) to the effect that, and based thereon such opinion shall confirm that, the Holders of such Securities will not recognize gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, Defeasance and discharge to be effected with respect to such Securities and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would be the case if such deposit, Defeasance and discharge were not to occur.
(3) In the event of an election to have Section 13.3 apply to any Securities or any series of Securities, as the case may be, the Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of such Securities will not recognize gain or loss for Federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and Covenant Defeasance to be effected with respect to such Securities and will be subject to Federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would be the case if such deposit and Covenant Defeasance were not to occur.
(4) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate to the effect that neither such Securities nor any other Securities of the same series, if then listed on any securities exchange, will be delisted as a result of such deposit.
(5) No event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default with respect to such Securities or any other Securities shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such deposit or, with regard to any such event specified in Sections 5.1(5) and (6), at any time on or prior to the 90th day after the date of such deposit (it being understood that this condition shall not be deemed satisfied until after such 90th day).
 
(6) Such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not cause the Trustee to have a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act (assuming all Securities are in default within the meaning of such Act).
(7) Such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound.
(8) Such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in the trust arising from such deposit constituting an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act unless such trust shall be registered under such Act or exempt from registration thereunder.
(9) The Company shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent with respect to such Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance have been complied with.
Section 13.5    Deposited Money, U.S. Government Obligations and Foreign Government Obligations to be Held in Trust; Miscellaneous Provisions.
Subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 10.3, all money, U.S. Government Obligations and Foreign Government Obligations (including the proceeds thereof) deposited with the Trustee or other qualifying trustee (solely for purposes of this Section and Section 13.6, the Trustee and any such other trustee are referred to collectively as the "Trustee") pursuant to Section 13.4 in respect of any Securities shall be held in trust and applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Securities and this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any such Paying Agent (including the Company acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee may determine, to the Holders of such Securities, of all sums due and to become due thereon in respect of principal and any premium and interest, but money so held in trust need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. The Company shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or other charge imposed on or assessed against the U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations deposited pursuant to Section 13.4 or the principal and interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of Outstanding Securities. Anything in this Article to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee shall deliver or pay to the Company from time to time upon Company Request any money, U.S. Government Obligations or Foreign Government Obligations held by it as provided in Section 13.4 with respect to any Securities which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification thereof delivered to the Trustee, are in excess of the amount thereof which would then be required to be deposited to effect the Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, with respect to such Securities.
Section 13.6    Reinstatement.
If the Trustee or the Paying Agent is unable to apply any money in accordance with this Article with respect to any Securities by reason of any order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the obligations under this Indenture and such Securities from which the Company has been discharged or released pursuant to Section 13.2 or 13.3 shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had occurred pursuant to this Article with respect to such Securities, until such time as the Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all money held in trust pursuant to Section 13.5 with respect to such Securities in accordance with this Article; , ,
provided
however
 
that if the Company makes any payment of principal of or any premium or interest on any such Security following such reinstatement of its obligations, the Company shall be subrogated to the rights (if any) of the Holders of such Securities to receive such payment from the money so held in trust.
Section 14.1    Conversion.
The terms of any conversion provision that shall be applicable to the Securities of any series shall be set forth in one or more indentures supplemental hereto for the Securities of such series.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 

Exhibit 4.8
EXECUTION VERSION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of March 3, 2011 (""), to the Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, other than with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the "" and, as amended, modified and supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, the ""), by and among JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC. (the ""), and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A., as trustee (the "").
Supplemental Indenture
Base Indenture
Indenture
Company
Trustee
Each party agrees as follows for the benefit of the other party and for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes:
WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery of the Base Indenture to provide for the issuance from time to time of senior debt securities to be issued in one or more series as provided in the Base Indenture;
WHEREAS, the Company has duly authorized the execution and delivery, and desires and has requested the Trustee to join it in the execution and delivery, of this Supplemental Indenture in order to establish and provide for the issuance by the Company of a series of Securities designated as its 3.100% Senior Notes due 2016 (the ""), a series of Securities designated as its 4.600% Senior Notes due 2021 (the "") and a series of Securities designated as its 5.950% Senior Notes due 2041 (the "" and, together with the 2016 Notes and 2021 Notes, the ""), on the terms set forth herein;
2016 Notes
2021 Notes
2041 Notes
Notes
WHEREAS, Article 9 of the Base Indenture provides that a supplemental indenture may be entered into by the parties for such purpose without the consent of any Holders provided certain conditions are met;
WHEREAS, the conditions set forth in the Base Indenture for the execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture have been met; and
WHEREAS, all things necessary to make this Supplemental Indenture a valid and binding agreement of the parties, in accordance with its terms, and a valid amendment of, and supplement to, the Base Indenture with respect to the Notes have been done;
NOW, THEREFORE:
. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Base
Section 1.01
Definitions.
Indenture. The words "herein", "hereof" and "hereby" and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof.
As used herein, the following terms have the specified meanings:
"" has the meaning specified in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture.
2016 Notes
"" has the meaning specified in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture.
2021 Notes
"" has the meaning specified in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture.
2041 Notes
"" has the meaning specified in Section 3.04 of this Supplemental Indenture.
Additional Notes
"" means, with respect to any sale and leaseback transaction, at the time of determination, the lesser of:
Attributable Debt
(1) the fair value of the assets subject to such a transaction (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors); and
(2) the present value (discounted at a rate per annum equal to the average interest borne by all Outstanding Notes determined on a weighted average basis and compounded semi-annually) of the obligations of the lessee for rental payments (other than amounts required to be paid on account of property taxes as well as maintenance, repairs, insurance, water rates and other items which do not constitute payments for property rights) during the term of the related lease. In the case of any lease which is terminable by the lessee upon the payment of a penalty, such present value shall be the lesser of (i) the present value determined assuming termination upon the first date such lease may be terminated (in which case the present value shall also include the amount of the penalty, but shall not include any rent that would be required to be paid under such lease subsequent to the first date upon which it may be terminated) or (ii) the present value assuming no such termination.
"" has the meaning specified in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture.
Base Indenture
"" of any Person means (1) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock; (2) in the case of an association, limited liability company or business entity, any and all Equity Interests; (3) in the case of a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited); and (4) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, the issuing Person, including any Preferred Stock.
Capital Stock
 
"" means the occurrence of any of the following: (1) the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries taken as a whole to any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than the Company or one of its Subsidiaries; (2) the adoption of a plan relating to the Company's liquidation or dissolution; (3) the consummation of any transaction (including, without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any "person" (as defined above), including any group defined as a "person" for the purpose of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the then outstanding number of shares of Voting Stock of the Company; , however, that a person shall not be deemed beneficial owner of, or to own beneficially, (A) any securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such person or any of the Affiliates of such "person" (as defined above) until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange thereunder, or (B) any securities if such beneficial ownership (i) arises solely as a result of a revocable proxy delivered in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to the applicable rules and regulations under the Exchange Act, and (ii) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D (or any successor schedule) under the Exchange Act; (4) the first day on which a majority of the members of the Board of Directors cease to be Continuing Directors; or (5) the Company consolidates with, or merges with or into, any "person" (as defined above), or any "person" (as defined above) consolidates with, or merges with or into, the Company, in any such event pursuant to a transaction in which any of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Company or the outstanding Voting Stock of such other "person" (as defined above) is converted into or exchanged for cash, securities or other Property, other than any such transaction where the shares of the Company's Voting Stock outstanding immediately prior to such transaction constitute, or are converted into or exchanged for, a majority of the Voting Stock of the surviving "person" (as defined above) or parent entity thereof immediately after giving effect to such transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction shall not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Company becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of another person and (b) immediately following that transaction, a majority of the Voting Stock of such person is held by the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the Company immediately prior to such transaction and in substantially the same proportion as immediately prior to such transaction.
Change of Control
provided
"" means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.
Change of Control Repurchase Event
"" means the corporation specified as the "Company" in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter "Company" shall mean such successor Person.
Company
 
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by an Independent Investment Banker as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable to the remaining term of the applicable Notes to be redeemed pursuant to Section 4.01 that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any Redemption Date pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof, (1) the arithmetic average of the applicable Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (2) if the Company obtains fewer than four applicable Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all applicable Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such Redemption Date.
Comparable Treasury Price
means as of the time of determination and with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of that Person whose financial data is, in accordance with GAAP, reflected in that Person's consolidated financial statements.
"Consolidated Subsidiary"
means, as of the time of determination, total assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as reflected on the Company's most recent consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP contained in an annual report on Form 10-K or a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or any amendment thereto filed pursuant to the Exchange Act by the Company prior to the time as of which "Consolidated Total Assets" is being determined or, if the Company is not required to so file, as reflected on its most recent consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP.
"Consolidated Total Assets"
"" means, as of any date of determination, any member of the Board of Directors who (1) was a member of such Board of Directors on the date of the issuance of the Initial Notes; or (2) was nominated for election, elected or appointed to such Board of Directors with the approval (either by specific vote or by approval by such Board of Directors in the Company's proxy statement in which such member was named as a nominee for election as a director without objection by the Board of Directors to such nomination) of a majority of the continuing directors who were members of such Board of Directors at the time of such nomination, election or appointment.
Continuing Director
"" means The Depositary Trust Company, a New York corporation, or any successor.
Depositary
"" in any Person means any and all shares, interests, rights to purchase, warrants, options, participations or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) corporate stock or other equity participations, including
Equity Interest
 
limited liability company interests, limited partnership interests, or other similar interest in such Person.
"" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America in effect from time to time, including those set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as approved by a significant segment of the United States accounting profession.
GAAP
means Notes that are Global Securities (as defined in the Base Indenture).
"Global Note"
"" means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person and any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (1) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take or pay or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (2) entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided, however, that the term "Guarantee" will not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term "guarantee," when used as a verb, has a correlative meaning.
Guarantee
"" means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person under (1) interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements; (2) other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk; and (3) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates or commodity prices.
Hedging Obligations
"" means issue, incur, create, assume, guarantee or otherwise become liable for.
incur
means, with respect to any Person, obligations (other than Non-recourse Obligations) of such Person for borrowed money (including, without limitation, indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments).
"Indebtedness"
"" has the meaning specified in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture.
Indenture
 
"" means Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, or their respective successors as the Company may appoint from time to time; , that if any of the foregoing ceases to be a Primary Treasury Dealer, the Company will substitute another Primary Treasury Dealer.
Independent Investment Banker
provided, however
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b).
"Initial 2016 Notes"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b).
"Initial 2021 Notes"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b).
"Initial 2041 Notes"
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(b).
"Initial Notes"
means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody's (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of Moody's); a rating of BBB-or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating categories of S&P); and the equivalent investment grade credit rating from any additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies selected by the Company.
"Investment Grade"
"" means any lien, security interest, pledge, charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, and any agreement to give any security interest).
Lien
means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or any successor thereto.
"Moody's"
"" means indebtedness or other obligations substantially related to (1) the acquisition of assets not previously owned by the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiaries of the Company or (2) the financing of a project involving the development or expansion of properties of the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiaries of the Company, as to which the obligee with respect to such indebtedness or obligation has no recourse to the Company or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company or such Subsidiary's assets other than the assets which were acquired with the proceeds of such transaction or the project financed with the proceeds of such transaction (and the proceeds thereof).
Non-recourse Obligation
"" has the meaning specified in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture.
Notes
has the meaning specified in Section 5.04(c).
"Notice of Default"
"" means any Person authorized by the Company to pay the principal of or any premium or interest on any Notes on behalf of the Company, and shall initially be the Trustee.
Paying Agent
"" means
Permitted Liens
 
(1) Liens securing Hedging Obligations designed to protect the Company from fluctuations in interest rates, currencies, equities or the price of commodities and not for speculative purposes;
(2) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities or financial institutions in respect of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods;
(3) Liens arising by reason of deposits necessary to qualify the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to conduct business, maintain self-insurance, or obtain the benefit of, or comply with, any law, including Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers' compensation, unemployment insurance or other forms of governmental insurance or benefits;
(4) Liens of any landlord on fixtures located on premises leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and tenants' rights under leases, easements and similar Liens not materially impairing the use or value of the Property involved;
(5) easements, zoning restrictions, building restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances or charges on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that are of a nature generally existing with respect to Properties of a similar character;
(6) Liens in connection with bankers' acceptance financing or used in the ordinary course of trade practices, statutory lessor and vendor privilege Liens and Liens in connection with good faith bids, tenders and deposits;
(7) Liens arising under consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of goods;
(8) Liens incurred or pledges or deposits made under workmen's compensation laws, unemployment insurance laws or similar legislation, or good faith deposits in connection with bids, tenders, contracts or leases, or deposits to secure our public or statutory obligations, or deposits for the payment of rent;
(9) judgment Liens not giving rise to a default or Event of Default so long as such Lien is adequately bonded and any appropriate legal proceedings that may have been initiated for the review of such judgment, decree or order shall not have been finally terminated or the period within which such proceedings may be initiated shall not have expired;
(10) Liens upon specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any person securing such Person's obligations in respect of banker's acceptances issued or credited for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such inventory or goods;
 
(11) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to commercial letters of credit in the ordinary course of business that encumber cash, documents and other Property relating to such letters of credit and proceeds thereof;
(12) Liens in connection with the acquisition, development or financing of the Sunnyvale Campus incurred within 36 months of the date of the issuance of the Initial Notes;
(13) Liens in favor of the Company or any of its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries; and
(14) customary Liens granted in favor of a trustee to secure fees and other amounts owing to such trustee under an indenture
means, with respect to the Notes, New York, New York.
"Place of Payment"
"" as applied to the Capital Stock of any Person, means Capital Stock of any class or classes (however designated) which is preferred as to the payment of dividends or distributions, or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such Person, over Capital Stock of any other class of such Person.
Preferred Stock
means a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in the United States of America.
"Primary Treasury Dealer"
"" means any property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, including shares of Capital Stock.
Property
"" means (1) each of Moody's and S&P; and (2) if either of Moody's or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available, a "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" within the meaning of Rule 15c3-l(e)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act, selected by the Company (as certified by a Board Resolution) as a replacement agency for Moody's or S&P, or both, as the case may be.
Rating Agency
"" means (i) with respect to Moody's, any of the following categories: Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent successor categories); (ii) with respect to S&P, any of the following categories: BBB, BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D (or equivalent successor categories); and (iii) the equivalent of any such category of Moody's or S&P used by another Rating Agency. In determining whether the rating of the Notes has decreased by one or more gradations, gradations within rating categories (1, 2 and 3 for Moody's; + and  for S&P; or the equivalent gradations for another Rating Agency) shall be taken into account (e.g., with respect to S&P, a decline in a rating from BB+ to BB, as well as from BB  to B+, will constitute a decrease of one gradation).
Rating Category
 
"" means the date of the first public announcement by the Company of the occurrence of a Change of Control or of the intention by the Company to effect a Change of Control.
Rating Date
means, with respect to a series of Notes, the occurrence of the events described in (a) or (b) below during the period commencing on a Rating Date and ending 60 days following the consummation of such Change of Control (which period shall be extended so long as the rating of such Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by any of the Rating Agencies): (a) in the event the applicable Notes are rated by both Rating Agencies on the Rating Date as Investment Grade, the rating of the applicable Notes shall be reduced so that the applicable Notes are rated below Investment Grade by both Rating Agencies or (b) in the event the applicable Notes (1) are rated Investment Grade by one Rating Agency and below Investment Grade by the other Rating Agency, the rating of the applicable Notes by such Rating Agency rating the Notes as Investment Grade shall be decreased by one or more gradations (including gradations within Rating Categories, as well as between Rating Categories) so that the applicable Notes are then rated below Investment Grade by both Rating Agencies or (2) are rated below Investment Grade by both Rating Agencies on the Rating Date, the rating of the applicable Notes by either Rating Agency shall be decreased by one or more gradations (including gradations within Rating Categories, as well as between Rating Categories).
"Rating Event"
means Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and two other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Company, and each of their respective successors and any other Primary Treasury Dealers selected by the Company.
"Reference Treasury Dealer"
means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Company, of the bid and asked prices for the applicable Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Company by such Reference Treasury Dealer as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third Business Day preceding such Redemption Date.
"Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations"
"" means, with respect to any Note to be redeemed, the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related Redemption Date but for such redemption; provided, however, that, if such Redemption Date is not an Interest Payment Date with respect to such Note, the amount of the next scheduled interest payment thereon will be reduced by the amount of interest accrued thereon to such Redemption Date.
Remaining Scheduled Payments
means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any successor thereto.
"S&P"
 
"" means, with respect to any Person (the "") at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent's consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of that date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, as of that date, owned, controlled or held by the parent or one or more Subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more Subsidiaries of the parent.
Subsidiary
parent
means the land, improvements, buildings and fixtures (including any leasehold interest therein) with respect to the Company's campus to be located in Sunnyvale, California on real property owned by the Company on the issue date of the Initial Notes or any subsequently acquired contiguous or related real property.
"Sunnyvale Campus"
"" has the meaning specified in the recitals of this Supplemental Indenture.
Supplemental Indenture
"" means, with respect to any Redemption Date pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity (computed as of the third Business Day immediately preceding that Redemption Date) of the applicable Comparable Treasury Issue. In determining this rate, the Company will assume a price for the applicable Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the applicable Comparable Treasury Price for such Redemption Date.
Treasury Rate
means, with respect to any Person, a Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia.
"U.S. Subsidiary"
means, with respect to any specified "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) as of any date, the Capital Stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person.
"Voting Stock"
. In the event that any provision of this Supplemental Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with a provision of the Base Indenture, such provision of this Supplemental Indenture shall control.
Section 1.02
Conflicts with Base Indenture.
 
. The Notes shall be substantially in the forms of Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2 and Exhibit A-3 hereto which are hereby incorporated in and expressly made a part of this Indenture.
Section 2.01
Form of Notes
.
. (a) There is hereby created and designated three series of Securities under the Base Indenture: the title of the 2016 Notes shall be "3.100% Senior Notes due 2016", the title of the 2021 Notes shall be "4.600% Senior Notes due 2021" and the title of the 2041 Notes shall be "5.950% Senior Notes due 2041." The changes, modifications and supplements to the Base Indenture effected by this Supplemental Indenture shall be applicable only with respect to, and govern the terms of, the Notes and shall not apply to any other series of Securities that may be issued under the Base Indenture unless a supplemental indenture with respect to such other series of Securities specifically incorporates such changes, modifications and supplements.
Section 3.01
Amount; Series; Terms.
(b) The aggregate principal amount of 2016 Notes that initially may be authenticated and delivered under this Supplemental Indenture (the ) shall be limited to $300,000,000, the aggregate principal amount of 2021 Notes that initially may be authenticated and delivered under this Supplemental Indenture (the "") shall be limited to $300,000,000 and the aggregate principal amount of 2041 Notes that initially may be authenticated and delivered under this Supplemental Indenture (the "" and together with the Initial 2016 Notes and Initial 2021 Notes, the "") shall be limited to $400,000,000 subject, in each case, to increase as set forth in Section 3.04.
"Initial 2016 Notes"
Initial 2021 Notes
Initial 2041 Notes
Initial Notes
(c) The Stated Maturity of the 2016 Notes shall be March 15, 2016, the Stated Maturity of the 2021 Notes shall be March 15, 2021 and the Stated Maturity of the 2041 Notes shall be March 15, 2041. The Notes shall be payable and may be presented for payment, purchase, redemption, registration of transfer and exchange, without service charge, at the office of the Company maintained for such purpose in New York, New York, which shall initially be the office or agency of the Trustee.
(d) The 2016 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 3.100% per annum, the 2021 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 4.600% per annum and the 2041 Notes shall bear interest at the rate of 5.950% per annum, in each case beginning on September 15, 2011 or from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided for, as further provided in the forms of Note annexed hereto as Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2, and Exhibit A-3, respectively. Interest shall be
 
computed on the basis of a 360-day year composed of twelve 30-day months. The Interest Payment Dates for the Notes shall be September 15 and March 15 of each year, beginning on September 15, 2011, and the Regular Record Date for any interest payable on each such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding September 1 and March 1, respectively. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest will be due on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day.
(e) The Notes of each series will be issued in the form of one or more Global Securities, deposited with the Trustee as custodian for the Depositary or its nominee, duly executed by the Company and authenticated by the Trustee as provided in Section 3.03 and the Base Indenture.
. The Notes of each series shall be issuable only in registered form without coupons and only in denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof.
Section 3.02
Denominations.
. (a) Each Global Security authenticated under this Indenture shall be registered in the name of the Depositary designated for such Global Security or a nominee thereof and delivered to such Depositary or nominee thereof or custodian therefor. Each such Global Security shall constitute a single Security for all purposes of this Indenture.
Section 3.03
Book-entry Provisions for Global Securities.
(b) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Indenture, no Global Security may be exchanged in whole or in part for Notes registered, and no transfer of a Global Security in whole or in part may be registered, in the name of any Person other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof unless (A) such Depositary (1) has notified the Company that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Security and no successor Depositary has been appointed within 90 days after such notice or (2) ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under Section 17A of the Exchange Act when the Depositary is required to be so registered to act as the Depositary and so notifies the Company, and no successor Depositary has been appointed within 90 days after such notice, (B) the Company determines at any time that the Notes shall not longer be represented by Global Securities and shall inform such Depositary of such determination and participants in such Depositary elect to withdraw their beneficial interests in the Notes from such Depositary, following notification by the Depositary of their right to do so, or (C) such exchange is made upon request by or on behalf of the Depositary in accordance with customary procedures, following the request of a Holder seeking to exercise or enforce its rights under the Notes during the continuance of an Event of Default.
 
(c) Subject to clause (b) above, any exchange of a Global Security for other Notes may be made in whole or in part, and all Notes issued in exchange for a Global Security or any portion thereof shall be registered in such names as the Depositary for such Global Security shall direct in writing to the Trustee.
(d) Every Note authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for or in lieu of, a Global Security or any portion thereof shall be authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Security, unless such Note is registered in the name of a Person other than the Depositary for such Global Security or a nominee thereof.
(e) Subject to the provisions of clause (g) below, the registered Holder may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person, including Agent Members (as defined below in clause (g)) and Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members, to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take under this Indenture or the Notes.
(f) In the event of the occurrence of any of the events specified in clause (b) above, the Company will promptly make available to the Trustee a reasonable supply of certificated Notes in definitive, fully registered form, without interest coupons.
(g) Neither any members of, or participants in, the Depositary (collectively, the "") nor any other Persons on whose behalf Agent Members may act shall have any rights under this Indenture with respect to any Global Security registered in the name of the Depositary or any nominee thereof, or under any such Global Security, and the Depositary or such nominee, as the case may be, may be treated by the Company, the Trustee and any agent of the Company or the Trustee as the absolute owner and holder of such Global Security for all purposes whatsoever. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent the Company or the Trustee or any agent of the Company or the Trustee from giving effect to any written certification, proxy or other authorization furnished by the Depositary or such nominee, as the case may be, or impair, as between the Depositary, its Agent Members and any other Person on whose behalf an Agent Member may act, the operation of customary practices of such Persons governing the exercise of the rights of a Holder of any Note.
Agent Members
. The Company may, from time to time, subject to compliance with any other applicable provisions of this Indenture, without notice to or consent of the Holders of the Notes, create and issue pursuant to this Indenture additional Notes ("") having terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit A-1, Exhibit A-2, or Exhibit A-3, as applicable, identical to those of the other Notes of such series, except that Additional Notes of a series:
Section 3.04
Additional Notes.
Additional Notes
(i) may have a different issue date from other Outstanding Notes;
 
(ii) may have a different issue price from other Outstanding Notes of such series; and
(iii) may have a different amount of interest payable on the first Interest Payment Date after issuance than is payable on other Outstanding Notes of such series;
that if such Additional Notes are not fungible with the applicable series of Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number.
provided
. (a) Subject to Section 1.02 hereof, the provisions of Article 11 of the Base Indenture, as supplemented by the provisions of this Supplemental Indenture, shall apply to the Notes.
Section 4.01
Optional Redemption.
(b) At any time and from time to time, the Notes of either series shall be redeemable, as a whole or in part, at the Company's option, at a Redemption Price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the Remaining Scheduled Payments, discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) using a discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points, in the case of the 2016 Notes, 20 basis points, in the case of the 2021 Notes and 25 basis points, in the case of the 2041 Notes plus, in the case of each of clause (i) or (ii), accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date for such Notes.
(c) On and after the Redemption Date for a series of Notes, interest will cease to accrue on such Notes or any portion thereof called for redemption, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest, if any. On or before the Redemption Date for the Notes, the Company shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent, funds sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of the Notes to be redeemed on the Redemption Date, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. If less than all of the Notes of a series are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot, on a pro-rata basis or by the Trustee by such method as the Trustee deems appropriate; , however that in no event, shall Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less be redeemed in part.
provided
(d) Notice of any redemption shall be electronically delivered or mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Such notice shall state the Redemption Price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the Redemption Price is to be determined if the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to
 
be given, the actual Redemption Price, calculated as described above in clause (b), shall be set forth in an Officers' Certificate delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date and at the applicable Redemption Price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date.
. (a) If a Change of Control Repurchase Event occurs with respect to a series of Notes, unless the Company shall have exercised its option to redeem such Notes as described in Section 4.01 of this Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall be required to make an offer (the ) to each Holder of such Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes of such series on the terms set forth in this Section 4.02 and in the Notes. In the Change of Control Offer, the Company shall be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased up to, but not including, the date of repurchase. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to a series of Notes or, at the option of the Company, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Company shall electronically deliver or mail a notice to Holders of Notes, with a copy to the Trustee, describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase such Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is electronically delivered or mailed (the ). The notice shall, if electronically delivered or mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date. On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Company shall, to the extent lawful:
Section 4.02
Repurchase of Notes Upon a Change of Control.
"Change of Control Offer"
"Change of Control Payment Date"
(i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and
(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers' Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being repurchased.
 
(c) The Paying Agent will promptly deliver to each Holder of Notes properly tendered the payment for the Notes, and the Trustee will promptly authenticate and deliver (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) to each Holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of any Notes surrendered.
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will not be required to make an offer to repurchase Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event, if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Company and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.
(e) If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the applicable Outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Company, or any third party making an offer to repurchase the applicable Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event in lieu of the Company pursuant to Section 4.02(d), purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Company shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following the Change of Control Payment Date, to redeem all Notes that remain Outstanding following such purchase at a Redemption Price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.
(f) The Company shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14e-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes as a result of Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Company will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict.
. (a) The Company will not incur, nor will it permit any of its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries to incur, any Liens upon any Property of the Company or any of its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries, whether now owned or hereafter created or acquired, in order to secure Indebtedness of the Company or any of its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries, in each case, unless prior to or at the same time, the Notes are equally and ratably
Section 5.01
Limitation on Liens.
 
secured with such secured Indebtedness until such time as such Indebtedness shall no longer be secured by such Lien.
(b) The foregoing restrictions shall not apply, however, to:
(1) Liens on Property or Indebtedness existing with respect to any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company or a Subsidiary of any Subsidiary of the Company, provided that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary;
(2) Liens on Property or Indebtedness existing at the time of acquisition by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or a Subsidiary of any Subsidiary of the Company of such Property or Indebtedness (which may include Property previously leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and leasehold interests on such Property, provided that the lease terminates prior to or upon the acquisition) or Liens on Property or Indebtedness to secure the payment of all or any part of the purchase price of such Property or Indebtedness, or Liens on Property or Indebtedness to secure any Indebtedness incurred prior to, at the time of, or within 12 months after, the latest of the acquisition of such Property or Indebtedness or, in the case of Property, the completion of construction, the completion of improvements or the commencement of substantial commercial operation of such Property for the purpose of financing all or any part of the purchase price of the Property and related costs and expenses, the construction or the making of the improvements;
(3) Liens securing Indebtedness of the Company or any of the Company's Subsidiaries owing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
(4) Liens existing on the date of issuance of the Initial Notes;
(5) Liens on Property or assets of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged into or consolidated with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company, or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Properties or assets of a Person to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, provided that such Lien was not incurred in anticipation of the merger, consolidation, or sale, lease, other disposition or other such transaction;
(6) Liens created in connection with a project financed with, and created to secure, a Non-recourse Obligation;
(7) Liens created to secure the Notes;
(8) Liens imposed by law or arising by operation of law, including, without limitation, landlords', mailmen's, suppliers', vendors', carriers', warehousemen's and mechanic's Liens and other similar Liens, Liens for master's and crew's wages and other similar laws, arising in the ordinary course of business, in each case for sums not yet overdue by more than 60
 
calendar days or being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against such Person with respect to which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or other proceedings for review and Liens arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker's Liens, rights of set-off or similar rights and remedies as to deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution;
(9) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies on Property not yet due or payable or subject to penalties for non-payment or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
(10) Liens to secure the performance of obligations with respect to statutory or regulatory requirements, bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance or return-of-money bonds and other obligations of a like nature;
(11) Permitted Liens; or
(12) any extensions, renewals or replacements of any Lien referred to in clauses (1) through (11) without increase of the principal of the Indebtedness secured by such Lien (except to the extent of any fees or other costs associated with any such extension, renewal or replacement); provided, however, that any Liens permitted by any of clauses (1) through (11) shall not extend to or cover any Property of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, other than the Property specified in such clauses and improvements to such Property.
(c) Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in Section 5.01(a), the Company and its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries may incur Indebtedness secured by Liens which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions without equally and ratably securing the Notes; that, after giving effect to such Indebtedness, the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness secured by Liens (not including Liens permitted under clauses (1) through (12) of Section 5.01(b)), together with all Attributable Debt outstanding pursuant to Section 5.02(b), does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Total Assets calculated as of the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien. The Company and its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries may also, without equally and ratably securing the Notes, create or incur Liens that renew, substitute or replace (including successive renewals, substitutions or replacements), in whole or in part, any Lien permitted pursuant to the preceding sentence.
provided
. . (a) The Company will not, nor will it permit any of its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries to, enter into any sale and leaseback transaction for the sale and leasing back of any Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, unless:
Section 5.02
Limitation on Sale and Leaseback Transactions
 
(1) such transaction was entered into prior to the date of issuance of the Initial Notes;
(2) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company or any of its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries of any Property by one of its Subsidiaries;
(3) such transaction involves a lease for not more than three years (or which may be terminated by the Company or its Subsidiaries within a period of not more than three years);
(4) the Company would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a Lien with respect to such sale and leaseback transaction without equally and ratably securing the Notes pursuant to Section 5.01(b);
(5) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of the Sunnyvale Campus; or
(6) the Company applies an amount equal to the net proceeds from the sale of such Property to the purchase of other Property or assets used or useful in its business or to the retirement of long-term Indebtedness within 12 months before or after the effective date of any such sale and leaseback transaction, that, in lieu of applying such amount to the retirement of long-term Indebtedness, the Company may deliver debt securities (which may include the Notes) to the applicable Trustee for cancellation, such debt securities to be credited at the cost thereof to it.
provided
(b) Notwithstanding the restrictions set forth in Section 5.02(a), the Company and its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries may enter into any sale and leaseback transaction which would otherwise be subject to the foregoing restrictions, if after giving effect thereto the aggregate amount of all Attributable Debt with respect to such transactions (not including Attributable Debt permitted under clauses (1) through (6) of Section 5.02(a)), together with all Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to Section 5.01(c), does not exceed 15% of Consolidated Total Assets calculated as of the closing date of the sale and leaseback transaction.
. . Section 8.1 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and the following shall apply in lieu thereof. The Company shall not consolidate with or merge into any other Person or sell, convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, unless:
Section 5.03
Company May Consolidate, Etc., Only on Certain Terms
(a) the Company is the continuing entity or the Person formed from such consolidation or merger, or which received the transfer of or leases the assets of the Company shall be a corporation organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia and shall expressly assume, by an indenture supplemental to the Indenture, executed and delivered to the Trustee, in form satisfactory to the
 
Trustee, the due and punctual payment of the principal of and premium (if any) and interest on all the Notes and the performance or observance of every covenant of this Indenture on the part of the Company to be performed or observed;
(b) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing; and
(c) the Company or the continuing entity has delivered to the Trustee an Officers' Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, subject to customary qualifications and exceptions, each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance, transfer or lease and, if a supplemental indenture is required in connection with such transaction, such supplemental indenture complies with this Article and that all conditions precedent herein provided for relating to such transaction have been complied with and such supplemental indenture constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.
. . Section 5.1 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes. Each of the following events shall constitute an "" with respect to a series of Notes:
Section 5.04
Events of Default
Event of Default
(a) default in the payment of the principal of or premium (if any) on any Note of such series when due and payable at its Stated Maturity, upon optional redemption, acceleration or otherwise;
(b) default in the payment of any interest upon any Note of such series when it becomes due and payable (if the time of payment has not been extended or deferred), and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days;
(c) default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Company in this Indenture (other than a covenant a default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this Section 5.04 specifically dealt with), and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, or overnight delivery service to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes a written notice specifying such default or breach and stating that such notice is a "" under the Indenture;
Notice of Default
(d) failure by the Company to repurchase the Notes tendered for repurchase following the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event in conformity with Section 4.02;
(e)(i) a failure to make any payment at maturity, including any applicable grace period, on any indebtedness of the Company (other than indebtedness of the Company owing to any of its Subsidiaries) outstanding in an amount in excess of $100,000,000 and continuance of this failure to pay or (ii) a default on any indebtedness of the Company (other than indebtedness owing to
 
any of its Subsidiaries), which default results in the acceleration of such indebtedness in an amount in excess of $100,000,000 without such indebtedness having been discharged or the acceleration having been cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) above, for a period of 30 days after written notice thereof to the Company by the Trustee or to the Company and the Trustee by the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of Outstanding Notes of such series (including any Additional Notes); , that if any failure, default or acceleration referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above ceases or is cured, waived, rescinded or annulled, then the Event of Default will be deemed cured;
provided, however
(f) the entry by a court having jurisdiction in the premises of (i) a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or (ii) a decree or order adjudging the Company a bankrupt or insolvent, or approving as properly filed a petition seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition of or in respect of the Company under any applicable Federal or State law, or appointing a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of its Property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order for relief or any such other decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; and
(g) the commencement by the Company of a voluntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or of any other case or proceeding to be adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Company in an involuntary case or proceeding under any applicable Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or other similar law or to the commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency case or proceeding against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking reorganization or relief under any applicable Federal or State law, or the consent by it to the filing of such petition or to the appointment of or taking possession by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of the Company or of any substantial part of its Property, or the making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the admission by it in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or the taking of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any such action.
. Section 5.2 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes, and the following shall apply in lieu thereof. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to a series of Notes, then and in every such case except as provided below, the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes of such series may declare the principal amount of all such Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to be due and payable immediately,
Section 5.05
Acceleration Of Maturity
; Rescission And Annulment.
 
by a notice in writing to the Company (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount shall become immediately due and payable. However, upon an Event of Default arising out of Section 5.04(f) or Section 5.04(g), the principal amount of all Outstanding Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the acceleration date, shall be due and payable immediately without notice from or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.
At any time after such a declaration of acceleration with respect to Notes of a series has been made and before a judgment or decree for payment of the money due has been obtained by the Trustee as hereinafter in this Indenture provided, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes of such series, by written notice to the Company and the Trustee, may rescind and annul such declaration and its consequences if all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of the principal and interest, if any, of Notes which have become due solely by such declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived as provided in Section 5.13 of the Base Indenture. No such rescission shall affect any subsequent default or impair any right consequent thereon.
In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under the Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or been abandoned because of such rescission or annulment or for any other reason or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Company and the Trustee shall be restored respectively to their several positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Company and the Trustee shall continue as though no such proceedings had been taken.
. . References to "Section 5.1(4)," Section 5.1(5)" and "Section 5.1(6)" in the Base Indenture shall be deemed to refer to Section 5.04(c), Section 5.04(f) and Section 5.04(g) of this Supplemental Indenture, respectively.
Section 5.06
References In Base Indenture
. . Section 10.8 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to any covenant contained in this Supplemental Indenture.
Section 5.07
Waiver Of Certain Covenants
. . In accordance with Section 10.2 of the Base Indenture, the Company will maintain an office or agency where the Notes may be surrendered for registration of transfer or exchange or for presentation for payment, redemptions or repurchase and where notices and demands to or upon the Company in respect of the Notes and this Indenture may be served. The Company will give prompt written notice to the Trustee of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency not designated or appointed by the Trustee. If at any time the Company shall fail to maintain any such required office or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may
Section 5.08
Maintenance of Office or Agency
 
be made or served at the Corporate Trust Office or the office or agency of the Trustee.
. The first two paragraphs of Section 6.2 of the Base Indenture shall not apply to the Notes and the following shall apply in lieu thereof.
Section 6.01
Notice Of Defaults.
If a default occurs hereunder with respect to Notes of a series, the Trustee shall give the Holders of Notes of such series notice of all defaults known to the Trustee which have occurred with respect to such series, such notice to be transmitted within 45 days after the occurrence thereof, unless such defaults shall have been cured before the giving of such notice; provided, however, that except in the case of a default in the payment of principal or Redemption Price of (or premium, if any) or interest on any Notes of such series, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as a trust committee of directors and/or Responsible Officers of the Trustee in good faith determine that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the holders of Notes of such series. For the purpose of this Section 6.01, the term "default" means any event which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default with respect to Notes of such series.
Except with respect to Section 10.1 of the Base Indenture, the Trustee shall have no duty to inquire as to the performance of the Company with respect to the covenants contained in Article 10 of the Base Indenture or Article 5 hereof. In addition, the Trustee shall not be deemed to have knowledge of an Event of Default except (i) any default or Event of Default occurring pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or Section 5.04(b) hereof (defaults in payments on the Notes) or (ii) any default or Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received written notification at the Corporate Trust Office or obtained actual knowledge.
. Article 12 of the Base Indenture shall have no application. The Notes shall not have the benefit of a sinking fund.
Section 7.01
Sinking Funds.
. The Base Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture and all other indentures supplemental thereto, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the
Section 7.02
Confirmation of Indenture.
 
Base Indenture, this Supplemental Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto shall be read, taken and construed as one and the same instrument.
. The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Supplemental Indenture in counterparts, all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Section 7.03
Counterparts.
. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF).
Section 7.04
Governing Law.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first written above.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE.
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on March 15, 2016.
Issuer
[
]
Interest Payment Dates: September 15 and March 15 (each, an ""), commencing on , 2011.
Interest Payment Date
[
]
Interest Record Dates: September 1 and March 1 (each, a "").
Regular Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: , 2011
[
]
 
1. Interest.
Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from , 2011. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date or on such earlier date as the principal amount shall become due in accordance with the provisions hereof. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, beginning on , 2011. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest will be due on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.
Issuer
[
]
[
]
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and at the same rate on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful from the dates such amounts are due until such amounts are paid or made available for payment.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 3.100% Senior Notes due 2016 (the "") issued under the Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, the "" and, as amended, modified and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011, the "") by and between the Issuer and the Trustee, as trustee. This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Modification; Waiver.
The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series affected under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding affected thereby. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of a series at the time Outstanding with respect to which a default under the Indenture shall have occurred and be continuing, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive, with certain exceptions, such past default with respect to such series and its consequences. The Indenture also permits the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of a series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the Indenture also permits the amendment or supplement thereof to, among other things, cure any ambiguity,
defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the commission in connection with qualifications of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of Holders.
6. Optional Redemption.
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, at its option, at any time or from time to time prior to maturity on at least 30 days, but not more than 60 days, prior notice electronically delivered or mailed to the registered address of each Holder of the Notes (the ""). The redemption price will be equal to the greater of:
Redemption Date
(i) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related Redemption Date but for such redemption, exclusive of interest accrued and unpaid to, but not including, the Redemption Date if such Redemption Date is not an Interest Payment Date, discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months), using a rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 15 basis points (such sum to be calculated as set forth in the Indenture),
plus, in the case of (i) or (ii), accrued interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a Redemption Date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
On and after the Redemption Date for the Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or any portion thereof called for redemption, unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest, if any. On or before the Redemption Date for the Notes, the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent, funds sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of the Notes to be redeemed on the Redemption Date, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by lot, on a pro-rata basis or by such method as the Trustee deems appropriate; , however that in no event, shall Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less be redeemed in part.
provided
Notice of any redemption shall be electronically delivered or mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Such notice shall state the Redemption Price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the Redemption Price is to be determined if the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the actual Redemption Price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officers' Certificate of the Issuer delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date and at the applicable Redemption Price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date.
7. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right pursuant to Section 6 hereof to redeem the Notes, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer (the ) to each Holder of such Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes on the terms set forth in the Supplemental Indenture and in the Notes. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer shall be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased up to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
"Change of Control Offer"
Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes or, at the option of the Issuer, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Issuer shall electronically deliver or mail a notice to Holders of Notes describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is electronically delivered or mailed (the ). The notice shall, if electronically delivered or mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.
"Change of Control Payment Date"
On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:
(i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and
(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers' Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.
If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event in lieu of the Company, purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following the Change of Control Payment Date, to redeem all Notes that remain Outstanding following such purchase at a Redemption Price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.
The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14e-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes as a result of Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict.
8. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount of all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) shall become immediately due and payable.
The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes to direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Notes.
9. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
10. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
11. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
12. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                                    agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
Date:   Your Signature:
                    
                                                                                 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for certificated Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
To: Juniper Networks, Inc.
The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is $2,000 principal amount or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be repurchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture. The undersigned hereby agrees that the Notes will be repurchased as of the Change of Control Payment Date pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof and the Indenture.
Issuer
                                        
Dated:
                    
Signature
                                                                                      
Principal amount to be repurchased (at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof):
                    
Remaining principal amount following such repurchase:
                    
 
 
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE.
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on March 15, 2021.
Issuer
[
]
Interest Payment Dates: September 15 and March 15 (each, an ""), commencing on , 2011.
Interest Payment Date
[
]
Interest Record Dates: September 1 and March 1 (each, a "").
Regular Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: , 2011
[
]
 
1. Interest.
Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from , 2011. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date or on such earlier date as the principal amount shall become due in accordance with the provisions hereof. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, beginning on , 2011. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest will be due on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.
Issuer
[
]
[
]
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and at the same rate on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful from the dates such amounts are due until such amounts are paid or made available for payment.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 4.600% Senior Notes due 2021 (the "") issued under the Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, the "" and, as amended, modified and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011, the "") by and between the Issuer and the Trustee, as trustee. This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Modification; Waiver.
The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series affected under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding affected thereby. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of a series at the time Outstanding with respect to which a default under the Indenture shall have occurred and be continuing, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive, with certain exceptions, such past default with respect to such series and its consequences. The Indenture also permits the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of a series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the Indenture also permits the amendment or supplement thereof to, among other things, cure any ambiguity,
defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the commission in connection with qualifications of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of Holders.
6. Optional Redemption.
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, at its option, at any time or from time to time prior to maturity on at least 30 days, but not more than 60 days, prior notice electronically delivered or mailed to the registered address of each Holder of the Notes (the ""). The redemption price will be equal to the greater of:
Redemption Date
(i) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related Redemption Date but for such redemption, exclusive of interest accrued and unpaid to, but not including, the Redemption Date if such Redemption Date is not an Interest Payment Date, discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months), using a rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 20 basis points (such sum to be calculated as set forth in the Indenture),
plus, in the case of (i) or (ii), accrued interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a Redemption Date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
On and after the Redemption Date for the Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or any portion thereof called for redemption, unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest, if any. On or before the Redemption Date for the Notes, the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent, funds sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of the Notes to be redeemed on the Redemption Date, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by lot, on a pro-rata basis or by such method as the Trustee deems appropriate; , however that in no event, shall Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less be redeemed in part.
provided
Notice of any redemption shall be electronically delivered or mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Such notice shall state the Redemption Price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the Redemption Price is to be determined if the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the actual Redemption Price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officers' Certificate of the Issuer delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date and at the applicable Redemption Price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date.
7. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right pursuant to Section 6 hereof to redeem the Notes, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer (the ) to each Holder of such Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes on the terms set forth in the Supplemental Indenture and in the Notes. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer shall be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased up to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
"Change of Control Offer"
Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes or, at the option of the Issuer, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Issuer shall electronically deliver or mail a notice to Holders of Notes describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is electronically delivered or mailed (the ). The notice shall, if electronically delivered or mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.
"Change of Control Payment Date"
On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:
(i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and
(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers' Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.
If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event in lieu of the Company, purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following the Change of Control Payment Date, to redeem all Notes that remain Outstanding following such purchase at a Redemption Price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.
The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14e-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes as a result of Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict.
8. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount of all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) shall become immediately due and payable.
The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes to direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Notes.
9. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
10. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
11. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
12. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                                          agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
 
Date:   Your Signature:
                    
                                        
 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for certificated Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
To: Juniper Networks, Inc.
The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is $2,000 principal amount or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be repurchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture. The undersigned hereby agrees that the Notes will be repurchased as of the Change of Control Payment Date pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof and the Indenture.
Issuer
                                        
Dated:
                    
Signature
                                                                                 
Principal amount to be repurchased (at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof):
                    
Remaining principal amount following such repurchase:
                    
 
 
THIS SECURITY IS A GLOBAL SECURITY WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE INDENTURE HEREINAFTER REFERRED TO AND IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF A DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF. THIS SECURITY MAY NOT BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR A SECURITY REGISTERED, AND NO TRANSFER OF THIS SECURITY IN WHOLE OR IN PART MAY BE REGISTERED, IN THE NAME OF ANY PERSON OTHER THAN SUCH DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE THEREOF, EXCEPT IN THE LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN THE INDENTURE.
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on March 15, 2041.
Issuer
[
]
Interest Payment Dates: September 15 and March 15 (each, an ""), commencing on [].
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: September 1 and March 1 (each, a "").
Regular Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: , 2011
[
]
 
1. Interest.
Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from , 2011. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date or on such earlier date as the principal amount shall become due in accordance with the provisions hereof. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, beginning on , 2011. If any Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date with respect to the Notes is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest will be due on the next succeeding Business Day as if made on the date that such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on that payment for the period from and after that Interest Payment Date, Stated Maturity or other payment date, as the case may be, to the date of that payment on the next succeeding Business Day. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months.
Issuer
[
]
[
]
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and at the same rate on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful from the dates such amounts are due until such amounts are paid or made available for payment.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 5.950% Senior Notes due 2041 (the "") issued under the Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011 (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, the "" and, as amended, modified and supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011, the "") by and between the Issuer and the Trustee, as trustee. This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Modification; Waiver.
The Indenture permits, with certain exceptions as therein provided, the amendment thereof and the modification of the rights and obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each series affected under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Trustee with the consent of the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding affected thereby. The Indenture contains provisions permitting the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of a series at the time Outstanding with respect to which a default under the Indenture shall have occurred and be continuing, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive, with certain exceptions, such past default with respect to such series and its consequences. The Indenture also permits the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the Securities of a series at the time Outstanding, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of such series, to waive compliance by the Issuer with certain provisions of the Indenture. Any such consent or waiver by the Holder of this Note shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Note and of any Security issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu hereof, whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Note. Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the Indenture also permits the amendment or supplement thereof to, among other things, cure any ambiguity,
defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the commission in connection with qualifications of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of Holders.
6. Optional Redemption.
The Issuer may redeem the Notes in whole or in part, at its option, at any time or from time to time prior to maturity on at least 30 days, but not more than 60 days, prior notice electronically delivered or mailed to the registered address of each Holder of the Notes (the ""). The redemption price will be equal to the greater of:
Redemption Date
(i) 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; or
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of the principal thereof and interest thereon that would be due after the related Redemption Date but for such redemption, exclusive of interest accrued and unpaid to, but not including, the Redemption Date if such Redemption Date is not an Interest Payment Date, discounted to the Redemption Date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months), using a rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 25 basis points (such sum to be calculated as set forth in the Indenture),
plus, in the case of (i) or (ii), accrued interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a Redemption Date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
On and after the Redemption Date for the Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or any portion thereof called for redemption, unless the Issuer defaults in the payment of the Redemption Price and accrued interest, if any. On or before the Redemption Date for the Notes, the Issuer shall deposit with the Trustee or a Paying Agent, funds sufficient to pay the Redemption Price of the Notes to be redeemed on the Redemption Date, and (except if the Redemption Date shall be an Interest Payment Date) accrued interest, if any. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the Trustee by lot, on a pro-rata basis or by such method as the Trustee deems appropriate; , however that in no event, shall Notes of a principal amount of $2,000 or less be redeemed in part.
provided
Notice of any redemption shall be electronically delivered or mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Such notice shall state the Redemption Price (if known) or the formula pursuant to which the Redemption Price is to be determined if the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time the notice is given. If the Redemption Price cannot be determined at the time such notice is to be given, the actual Redemption Price, calculated as set forth in the Indenture, shall be set forth in an Officers' Certificate of the Issuer delivered to the Trustee no later than two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date. Notice of redemption having been given as provided in the Indenture, the Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the Redemption Date and at the applicable Redemption Price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the Redemption Date.
7. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Repurchase Event
Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right pursuant to Section 6 hereof to redeem the Notes, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer (the ) to each Holder of such Notes to repurchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes on the terms set forth in the Supplemental Indenture and in the Notes. In the Change of Control Offer, the Issuer shall be required to offer payment in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes repurchased up to, but not including, the date of repurchase.
"Change of Control Offer"
Within 30 days following any Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Notes or, at the option of the Issuer, prior to any Change of Control, but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, the Issuer shall electronically deliver or mail a notice to Holders of Notes describing the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control Repurchase Event and offering to repurchase the Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date shall be no earlier than 30 days and no later than 60 days from the date such notice is electronically delivered or mailed (the ). The notice shall, if electronically delivered or mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the offer to purchase is conditioned on the Change of Control Repurchase Event occurring on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.
"Change of Control Payment Date"
On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:
(i) accept for payment all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;
(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the Change of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions of Notes properly tendered; and
(iii) deliver or cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted together with an Officers' Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of Notes or portions of Notes being purchased.
If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event and the Issuer, or any third party making an offer to repurchase the Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event in lieu of the Company, purchases all Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following the Change of Control Payment Date, to redeem all Notes that remain Outstanding following such purchase at a Redemption Price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the Redemption Date.
The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Section 14e-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations thereunder to the extent those laws and regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase of Notes as a result of Change of Control Repurchase Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes, the Issuer will comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations under the Change of Control Repurchase Event provisions of the Notes by virtue of such conflict.
8. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default with respect to the Notes occurs and is continuing, then in every such case the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Outstanding Notes may declare the principal amount of all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, by a notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), and upon any such declaration such principal amount (or specified amount) shall become immediately due and payable.
The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes to direct the time, method and place of conducting any
proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Notes.
9. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
10. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
11. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
12. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                                          agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
Date: Your Signature:
                    
                                                                                 
 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for certificated Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
To: Juniper Networks, Inc.
The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "") as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay,                                          an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is $2,000 principal amount or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be repurchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture. The undersigned hereby agrees that the Notes will be repurchased as of the Change of Control Payment Date pursuant to the terms and conditions thereof and the Indenture.
Issuer
Dated:
                    
Signature
                                                                                 
Principal amount to be repurchased (at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof):
                    
Remaining principal amount following such repurchase:
                    
 

Exhibit 5.1
Juniper Networks, Inc.
1194 North Mathilda Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as special counsel to Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the filing by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") on August 10, 2010 of a registration statement on Form S-3, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on September 2, 2010 (the "Registration Statement") under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), effective as of September 3, 2010 under the Securities Act. The Registration Statement relates to the proposed issuance and sale, from time to time, by the Company, pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act, as set forth in the Registration Statement, the base prospectus, dated September 3, 2010, that forms a part of the Registration Statement (the "Base Prospectus") and the supplements to the Base Prospectus referred to therein, of up to an aggregate offering price of $1,500,000,000, or the equivalent thereof, of shares of the Company's common stock, $0.00001 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), shares of the Company's preferred stock, $0.00001 par value per share (the "Preferred Stock"), the Company's senior and subordinated debt securities (the "Debt Securities"), warrants to purchase any of the securities described above (the "Warrants"), depositary shares (the "Depositary Shares") of the Company representing a fractional interest in a share of Preferred Stock of the Company, and Units comprised of any combination of Common Stock, Preferred Stock, Warrants, Debt Securities or Depositary Shares (the Common Stock, the Preferred Stock, the Debt Securities, the Warrants, the Depositary Shares and/or the Units are collectively referred to herein as the "Securities").
The Company has issued $300,000,000 of its 3.100% Senior Notes due 2016, $300,000,000 of its 4.600% Senior Notes due 2021 and $400,000,000 of its 5.950% Senior Notes due 2041, each in the form set forth in the Indenture (as defined below) (collectively, the "Senior Notes") pursuant to the Registration Statement. The Senior Notes have been issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of March 3, 2011 (the "Base Indenture"), between the Company and Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the "Trustee"), as supplemented by that certain First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 3, 2011 between the Company and the Trustee (the "Supplemental Indenture," together with the Base Indenture, the "Indenture"), each in the form set forth on Exhibits 4.1 and 4.8 to the Company's Form 8-K (the "Form 8-K"), such Form 8-K to be filed on or about March 4, 2011. The Senior Notes are to be sold pursuant to that certain Underwriting Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2011 (the "Underwriting Agreement"), among the Company, Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule II thereto (collectively, the "Underwriters").
Juniper Networks, Inc.
March 3, 2011
Page 2
 
We have examined the Registration Statement, together with the exhibits thereto and the documents incorporated by reference therein; the Base Prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference therein; the related preliminary prospectus supplement, dated February 28, 2011, in the form filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act relating to the offering of the Senior Notes; the prospectus supplement, dated February 28, 2011, in the form filed with Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act relating to the offering of the Senior Notes (the "Prospectus Supplement"); the Indenture and the Senior Notes. In addition, we have examined such other instruments, documents, certificates and records which we have deemed relevant and necessary for the basis of our opinion hereinafter expressed. We have assumed (i) the authenticity of original documents and the genuineness of all signatures; (ii) the conformity to the originals of all documents submitted to us as copies; (iii) the Senior Notes have been duly authorized and validly executed and delivered by the Trustee; and (iv) the legal capacity of all natural persons. As to any facts material to the opinions expressed herein that were not independently established or verified, we have relied upon oral or written statements and representations of officers and other representatives of the Company.
We express no opinion as to the laws of any other jurisdiction, other than the Federal laws of the United States of America, the State of New York as to the enforceability of the Debt Securities and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "DGCL"). We are not licensed to practice law in the State of Delaware and, accordingly, our opinions as to the DGCL are based solely on a review of the official statutes of the state of Delaware and the applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and the reported judicial decisions interpreting such statutes and provisions.
Our opinion is qualified as to:
(a) limitations imposed by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium or other similar laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors generally, including, without limitation, laws relating to fraudulent transfers or conveyances and preferences;
(b) rights to indemnification and contribution which may be limited by applicable law or equitable principles; and
(c) general principles of equity, including without limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, the effect of judicial discretion and possible unavailability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable relief, and limitations on rights of acceleration regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
Based on such examination, we are of the opinion that the Senior Notes are binding obligations of the Company.
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to the above-referenced Registration Statement and to the use of our name wherever it appears in the Registration Statement, the Prospectus, the Prospectus Supplement, and in any amendment or supplement thereto. In giving such consent, we do
Juniper Networks, Inc.
March 3, 2011
Page 3
 
not believe that we are "experts" within the meaning of such term as used in the Act or the rules and regulations of the Commission issued thereunder with respect to any part of the Registration Statement, including this opinion as an exhibit or otherwise.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110419163744.txt.gz
TIME:20110419163744
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 19, 2011, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for, U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures described herein, and identified in the tables in our press release, should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in our press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the tables in our press release and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the tables in our press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the tables in our press release above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions
Table of Contents
result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess
Table of Contents
our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
Exhibit No. Description
99.1 Press release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on April 19, 2011
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 99.1
Kathleen Bela Juniper Networks (408) 936-7804 kbela@juniper.net
Investor Relations:
David Shane Juniper Networks (408) 936-4872
Media Relations:
dshane@juniper.net
Cindy Ta Juniper Networks (408) 936-6131 cta@juniper.net
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2011.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 19, 2011
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2011 increased 21% on a year-over-year basis to $1,102 million. The Company posted GAAP net income of $130 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $178 million, or $0.32 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2011. GAAP net income includes half a cent dilutive impact from net interest expense related to the $1 billion dollars of senior notes we issued during the quarter. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share increased 19% compared to the first quarter of 2010 and decreased 24% compared to last quarter. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Net Revenues by Market table below.
"Juniper delivered solid results in the first quarter and continued to build on market momentum," said Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer at Juniper Networks. "We are executing on our innovation roadmap with new solutions that define our vision of the new network. Innovation is at the core of our multi-year growth agenda."
Juniper's operating margin for the first quarter of 2011 decreased to 16.1% on a GAAP basis from 19.1% in the fourth quarter of 2010, and decreased from 17.6% in the prior year first quarter. As anticipated, non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2011 decreased to 22.3% on a non-GAAP basis from 24.5% in the fourth quarter of 2010, and decreased from 23.2% in the prior year first quarter.
For the first quarter of 2011, Juniper generated cash from operations of approximately $240 million. Net cash from operations for the same quarter in 2010 was $258 million before litigation settlement payments of $169 million, which were incurred as charges against the Company's fourth quarter of 2009 results. As a result of the litigation settlement payments, net cash from operations for the first quarter of 2010 was $89 million.
Capital expenditures as well as depreciation and amortization expense during the first quarter of 2011 were
 
$54 million and $41 million, respectively.
"The first quarter was a very solid start to the year, with Juniper generating strong revenue and earnings growth," said Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer at Juniper Networks. "Our innovation engine was in high gear as we positioned sales and marketing resources to capture the opportunity ahead and continue to perform at levels consistent with our long-term financial targets."
Outlook
The overall demand environment for both the Service Provider and Enterprise markets looks healthy across all regions. Our outlook for the June quarter includes any anticipated impact to our business from the recent events in Japan.
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Conference Call Web Cast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 19, 2011 at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until June 14, 2011.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at ().
Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of
 
revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
 
Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110523154310.txt.gz
TIME:20110523154310
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(d) Election of Directors. Effective May 18, 2011, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Juniper Networks (the "Company") elected Mercedes Johnson to serve as a Class I director. Pursuant to the terms of the Companys 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, on May 18, 2011, Ms. Johnson was automatically granted an option to purchase 50,000 shares of the Companys common stock. The exercise price of the option is the closing market price of the Companys common stock on May 18, 2011. The option will vest and become exercisable as to 1/36th of the covered shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36th vesting on the day prior to the Companys annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant. Ms. Johnson will also be entitled to the standard non-employee director compensation arrangements as described in the Companys 2011 proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2011. Ms. Johnson was also appointed to serve on the Boards Audit Committee. (e) Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. On May 18, 2011, the Company held its annual meeting of stockholders, at which the Companys stockholders approved the Juniper Networks Inc. Performance Bonus Plan (the "Bonus Plan") for purposes of complying with Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m). The Companys stockholders also approved an amendment to the Juniper Networks Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Amended Equity Plan") to, increase the number of shares of common stock reserved under the plan for future issuance by thirty million (30,000,000) shares. The Companys Compensation Committee had previously approved the Bonus Plan and the Board had previously approved the Amended Equity Plan, each subject to such stockholder approval. The Companys executive officers are eligible to participate in the Bonus Plan and the Amended Equity Plan. The above descriptions of the Bonus Plan and the Amended Equity Plan do not purport to be complete, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Bonus Plan and the Amended Equity Plan, respectively, which are filed as Exhibits 10.33 and 10.56 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
In connection with the election of Ms. Johnson as described above in Item 5.02(d), effective May 18, 2011, the Board amended Section 3.2 of the Companys Bylaws to increase the size of the Board from ten members to eleven members. A copy of the Companys amended and restated Bylaws, effective as of May 18, 2011, is filed as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
As described in Item 5.02(e) above, the Company held its annual meeting of stockholders on May 18, 2011, at which the Companys stockholders voted upon the following proposals described in the Companys 2011 proxy statement: (1) To elect Mary B. Cranston, Kevin R. Johnson, J. Michael Lawrie and David Schlotterbeck to serve as Class III directors for a term of three years; (2) to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Companys independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011; (3) to approve the Juniper Networks, Inc. Performance Bonus Plan for purposes of complying with Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m); (4) to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan that increases the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by thirty million (30,000,000) shares; (5) to hold a non-binding advisory vote regarding executive compensation; (6) to hold a non-binding advisory vote on the frequency of the vote regarding executive compensation; and (7) to consider a stockholder proposal requesting that the Board take action to declassify the Board. All nominated directors were elected, the stockholders indicated their preference, on an advisory basis, that an advisory vote on executive compensation be held every year, and the other proposals were approved by the required stockholder vote. The final number of shares voted with respect to each proposal is as set forth below. (1) Proposal for election of Class III directors*: Mary B. Cranston For: 394,040,856; Withheld: 47,695,901 Kevin R. Johnson For: 429,827,326; Withheld: 11,909,431 J. Michael Lawrie For: 432,510,339; Withheld: 9,226,418 David Schlotterbeck For: 438,234,357; Withheld: 3,502,400 *results exclude 35,338,174 broker non-votes (2) Proposal to ratify Ernst & Young LLP as auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2011: For: 470,033,502; Against: 6,890,077; Abstain: 151,352 (3) Proposal to approve the Juniper Networks, Inc. Performance Bonus Plan for purposes of complying with Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m)*: For: 430,727,799; Against: 10,839,228; Abstain: 169,730 *results exclude 35,338,174 broker non-votes (4) Proposal to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan that increases the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by thirty million (30,000,000) shares*: For: 255,342,782; Against: 186,150,798; Abstain 243,177 *results exclude 35,338,174 broker non-votes (5) Proposal to approve a non-binding advisory resolution on the compensation of the named executive officers of Juniper Networks, Inc.*: For: 405,113,022; Against: 34,386,267; Abstain: 2,237,468 *results exclude 35,338,174 broker non-votes (6) Proposal to approve a non-binding advisory resolution on the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation*: 1 Year: 371,649,510; 2 Years: 17,141,037; 3 Years: 52,725,490; Abstain: 220,720 *results exclude 35,338,174 broker non-votes Based on these results, the Board determined to hold an annual advisory vote on executive compensation. (7) Stockholder proposal*: For: 416,874,380; Against: 10,376,977; Abstain: 1,503,142 *results exclude 39,550,253 broker non-votes
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits Exhibit Description No. ________________________________________ 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc. 10.7 Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended++ 10.56 Juniper Networks, Inc. Performance Bonus Plan++ ++ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. For purposes of these bylaws, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The board of directors, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the Whole Board, may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY STOCKHOLDERS
(i) At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting business must brought: (A) pursuant to the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (C) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(i) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has timely complied in proper written form with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(i). In addition, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action pursuant to these bylaws and applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (C) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders.
(a) To comply with clause (C) of Section 2.5(i) above, a stockholder's notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(i) and must be timely received by the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year's annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 2.5(i)(a). "Public Announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release released on Business Wire and/or reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news and/or wire service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto (the "1934 Act").
provided
however
(b) To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting: (1) a brief description of the business intended to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (3) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (4) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, (5) any material interest of the stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person in such business, and (6) a statement whether either such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (1) through (6), a "Business Solicitation Statement"). In addition, to be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must be supplemented not later than ten days following the record date to disclose the information contained in clauses (3) and (4) above as of the record date. For purposes of this Section 2.5, a "Stockholder Associated Person" of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and on whose behalf the proposal or nomination, as the case may be, is being made, or (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii).
(c) Without exception, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(i) and, if applicable, Section 2.5(ii). In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before the annual meeting if such stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business or if the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5(i), and, if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting that any such business not properly brought before the annual meeting shall not be conducted.
(ii) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii) shall be eligible for election or re-election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (B) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(ii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation.
(a) To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.5(ii) above, a nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(ii) and must be received by the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at the time set forth in, and in accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.5(i)(a) above.
(b) To be in proper written form, such stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth:
(1) as to each person (a "nominee") whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, (F) a written statement executed by the nominee acknowledging that as a director of the Corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Delaware law with respect to the Corporation and its stockholders, and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee if proxies were being solicited for the election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation the nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and
(2) as to such stockholder giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.5(i)(b) above, and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.5(i)(b) above (except that the references to "business" in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a statement whether either such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect such nominee(s) (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (A) and (B) above, a "Nominee Solicitation Statement").
(c) At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director must furnish to the secretary of the Corporation (1) that information required to be set forth in the stockholder's notice of nomination of such person as a director as of a date subsequent to the date on which the notice of such person's nomination was given and (2) such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; in the absence of the furnishing of such information if requested, such stockholder's nomination shall not be considered in proper form pursuant to this Section 2.5(ii).
(d) Without exception, no person shall be eligible for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation at an annual meeting of stockholders unless nominated in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
(iii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations for Special Meetings.
(a) For a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to Section 2.3, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors shall be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(iii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting and (B) delivers a timely written notice of the nomination to the secretary of the Corporation that includes the information set forth in Sections 2.5(ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above. To be timely, such notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at a special meeting unless the person is nominated (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (ii) by a stockholder in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(iii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
(b) The chairperson of the special meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination or business was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination or business shall be disregarded.
(iv) Other Requirements and Rights.
In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.5. Nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act and nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes or of the Certificate of Incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be eleven (11). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
At such time as a Registration Statement regarding the sale of the Corporation's Common Stock to the public is declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Directors shall be divided into three classes designated as Class I, Class II and Class III, respectively. Directors shall be assigned to each class in accordance with a resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors. At the first annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class I Directors shall expire and Class I Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the second annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class II Directors shall expire and Class II Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At the third annual meeting of stockholders following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the term of office of the Class III Directors shall expire and Class III Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years. At each succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, Directors shall be elected for a full term of three years to succeed the Directors of the class whose terms expire at such annual meeting.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each Director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of Directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent Director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by telephone or by telegram, it shall be delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company at least 48 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice need not specify the purpose or the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
3.15 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
At least two-thirds of the members of the board of directors must be independent as defined by the requirements of the exchange on which the Corporation's securities are listed and any other requirements of applicable law, provided, that in the event one or more directors become non-independent or resign and such change causes the proportion of independent directors to be less than two-thirds of the board of directors, the Corporation shall have 150 days from the effective date of such determination or resignation to elect a new independent director. For purposes of this Section 3.15, "independence" shall be determined in accordance with the then applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the primary stock exchange on which the Corporation's stock is traded.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
Subject to applicable law, the Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.

1. . The purposes of this Equity Incentive Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to Service Providers and Outside Directors and to promote the success of the Company's business.
Purposes of the Plan
Awards to Service Providers granted hereunder may be Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units or Dividend Equivalents, at the discretion of the Administrator and as reflected in the terms of the written option agreement. This Equity Incentive Plan also provides for the automatic, non-discretionary award of Nonstatutory Stock Options to Outside Directors.
2. . As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:
Definitions
(a) "" shall mean the Board or any of its Committees as shall be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.
Administrator
(b) "" shall mean the Company's or a business unit's net sales for the Fiscal Year, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Annual Revenue
(c) "" shall mean the legal requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under California corporate and securities laws and the Code.
Applicable Laws
(d) "" shall mean, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units or Dividend Equivalents.
Award
(e) "" shall mean the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
Award Agreement
(f) "" shall mean the Common Stock subject to an Award.
Awarded Stock
(g) "" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(h) "" shall mean the Company's level of cash and cash equivalents.
Cash Position
(i) "" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
(j) "" shall mean the Common Stock of the Company.
Common Stock
(k) "" shall mean the Committee appointed by the Board of Directors or a sub-committee appointed by the Board's designated committee in accordance with Section 4(a) of the Plan, if one is appointed.
Committee
(l) "" shall mean Juniper Networks, Inc.
Company
(m) "" shall mean any person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services and who is compensated for such services; provided, however, that the term "Consultant" shall not include Outside Directors, unless such Outside Directors are compensated for services to the Company other than through payment of director's fees and Option grants under Section 11 hereof.
Consultant
(n) "" means that the Director relationship is not interrupted or terminated.
Continuous Status as a Director
(o) "" means a deferred stock unit Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 16.
Deferred Stock Unit
(p) "" shall mean a member of the Board.
Director
(q) "" means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.
Disability
(r) "" shall mean a credit, payable in cash, made at the discretion of the Administrator, to the account of a Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividends paid on one Share for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant. Dividend Equivalents may be subject to the same vesting restrictions as the related Shares subject to an Award, at the discretion of the Administrator.
Dividend Equivalent
(s) "" shall mean any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. An Employee shall not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed ninety days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then three (3) months following the 91 day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
Employee
st
(t) "" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Exchange Act
(u) "" shall mean, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:
Fair Market Value
(i) If the Common Stock is listed on a stock exchange, the fair market value per Share shall be the closing price on such exchange, as reported in the Wall Street Journal on the date of determination or, if the date of determination is not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day;
(ii) If there is a public market for the Common Stock, the fair market value per Share shall be the mean of the bid and asked prices, or closing price in the event quotations for the Common Stock are reported on the National Market System, of the Common Stock on the date of determination, as reported in the Wall Street Journal (or, if not so reported, as otherwise reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation (NASDAQ) System); or
(iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Administrator.
(v) "" shall mean a fiscal year of the Company.
Fiscal Year
(w) "" shall mean a grant of Restricted Stock, a Restricted Stock Unit, a Performance Share or a Deferred Stock Unit hereunder.
Full Value Award
(x) "" shall mean an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
Incentive Stock Option
(y) "" shall mean an Option not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.
Nonstatutory Stock Option
(z) "" shall mean a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Officer
(aa) "" shall mean a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.
Option
(bb) "" shall mean the Common Stock subject to an Option.
Optioned Stock
(cc) "" means a Director who is not an Employee or Consultant.
Outside Director
(dd) "" shall mean a "parent corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
Parent
(ee) "" shall mean an Employee or Consultant who receives an Award.
Participant
(ff) "" shall mean the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Administrator (in its discretion) to be applicable to a Participant with respect to an Award. As determined by the Administrator, the performance measures for any performance period will be any one or more of the following objective performance criteria, applied to either the Company as a whole or, except with respect to stockholder return metrics, to a region, business unit, affiliate or business segment, and measured either on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to a previous period's results or to a designated comparison group, and, with respect to financial metrics, which may be determined in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"), in accordance with accounting principles established by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB Principles") or which may be adjusted when established to exclude any items otherwise includable under GAAP or under IASB Principles: (i) cash flow (including operating cash flow or free cash flow), (ii) cash position, (iii) revenue (on an absolute basis or adjusted for currency effects), (iv) revenue growth, (v) contribution margin, (vi) gross margin, (vii) operating margin (viii) operating expenses or operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, (ix) earnings (which may include earnings before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes and net earnings), (x) earnings per share, (xi) operating income, (xii) net income, (xiii) stock price, (xiv) return on equity, (xv) total stockholder return, (xvi) growth in stockholder value relative to a specified publicly reported index (such as the S&P 500 Index), (xvii) return on capital, (xviii) return on assets or net assets, (xix) return on investment, (xx) economic value added, (xxi) operating profit or net operating profit, (xxii) operating margin, (xxiii) market share, (xxiv) contract awards or backlog, (xxv) overhead or other expense reduction, (xxvi) credit rating, (xxvii) objective customer indicators, (xxviii) new product invention or innovation, (xxix) attainment of research and development milestones, (xxx) improvements in productivity, (xxxi) attainment of objective operating goals, and (xxxii) objective employee metrics. The Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from Award to Award. In particular, the Administrator may appropriately adjust any evaluation of performance under a Performance Goal to exclude (a) any extraordinary non-recurring items, (b) the affect of any merger, acquisition, or other business combination or divestiture or (ii) the effect of any changes in accounting principles affecting the Company's or a business units', region's, affiliate's or business segment's reported results.
Performance Goals
(gg) "" shall mean a performance share Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 14.
Performance Share
(hh) "" means a performance unit Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 15.
Performance Unit
(ii) "" shall mean this 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.
Plan
(jj) "" shall mean the minimum vesting requirements for Full Value Awards under Plan Section 4(b)(vi) hereunder.
Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements
(kk) "" shall mean a restricted stock Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 11.
Restricted Stock
(ll) "" shall mean a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 13. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.
Restricted Stock Unit
(mm) "" shall mean Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan.
Rule 16b-3
(nn) "" shall mean Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
Section 16(b)
(oo) "" means an Employee or Consultant.
Service Provider
(pp) "" shall mean a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 21 of the Plan.
Share
(qq) "" or "SAR" shall mean a stock appreciation right granted pursuant to Section 9 below.
Stock Appreciation Right
(rr) "" shall mean a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
Subsidiary
3. . Subject to the provisions of Section 21 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares which may be optioned and sold under the Plan is 124,500,000 shares of Common Stock plus any Shares subject to any options under the Company's 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan and 1996 Stock Incentive Plan that are outstanding on the date this Plan becomes effective and that subsequently expire unexercisedup to a maximum of an additional 75,000,000 SharesAll of the shares issuable under the Plan may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.
Stock Subject to the Plan
,
.
Any Shares subject to Options or SARs shall be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as one Share for every Share subject thereto. Any Shares subject to Performance Shares, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units with a per share or unit purchase price lower than 100% of Fair Market Value on the date of grant shall be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as two and one-tenth Shares for every one Share subject thereto. To the extent that a Share that was subject to an Award that counted as two and one-tenth Shares against the Plan reserve pursuant to the preceding sentence is recycled back into the Plan under the next paragraph of this Section 3, the Plan shall be credited with two and one-tenth Shares.
If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company at its original purchase price due to such Award failing to vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options and SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto shall become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). With respect to SARs, when an SAR is exercised, the shares subject to a SAR grant agreement shall be counted against the numerical limits of Section 3 above, as one share for every share subject thereto, regardless of the number of shares used to settle the SAR upon exercise (i.e., shares withheld to satisfy the exercise price of an SAR shall not remain available for issuance under the Plan). Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units are repurchased by the Company at their original purchase price or are forfeited to the Company due to such Awards failing to vest, such Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Option shall not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. Shares used to satisfy tax withholding obligations shall not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than stock, such cash payment shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Any payout of Dividend Equivalents or Performance Units, because they are payable only in cash, shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Conversely, any forfeiture of Dividend Equivalents or Performance Units shall not increase the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.
4. .
Administration of the Plan
(a) .
Procedure
(i) . If permitted by Applicable Laws, the Plan may be administered by different bodies with respect to Directors, Officers who are not Directors, and Employees who are neither Directors nor Officers.
Multiple Administrative Bodies
(ii) . To the extent that the Administrator determines it to be desirable to qualify Awards granted hereunder as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan shall be administered by a Committee consisting solely of two or more "outside directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
Section 162(m)
(iii) . With respect to Option grants made to Employees who are also Officers subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board, if the Board may administer the Plan in compliance with Rule 16b-3, or (B) a committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan, which committee shall be constituted to comply with Rule 16b-3. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. From time to time the Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members, remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by Rule 16b-3.
Administration With Respect to Officers Subject to Section 16(b)
(iv) . With respect to Award grants made to Employees or Consultants who are not Officers of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board, (B) a committee designated by the Board, or (C) a sub-committee designated by the designated committee, which committee or sub-committee shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. Once appointed, such Committee shall serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. The Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members, remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
Administration With Respect to Other Persons
(v) . Automatic Grants to Outside Directors shall be pursuant to a non-discretionary formula as set forth in Section 11 hereof and therefore shall not be subject to any discretionary administration.
Administration With Respect to Automatic Grants to Outside Directors
(b) . Subject to the provisions of the Plan (including the non-discretionary automatic grant to Outside Director provisions of Section 11), and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its discretion:
Powers of the Administrator
(i) to determine the Fair Market Value in accordance with Section 2(v) of the Plan;
(ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder;
(iv) to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(v) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;
(vi) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards vest or may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions (subject to compliance with applicable laws, including Code Section 409A), and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the shares of Common Stock relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine; provided, however, that with respect to Full Value Awards vesting solely based on continuing as a Service Provider, they will vest in full no earlier (except if accelerated pursuant to Section 21 hereof or pursuant to change of control severance agreements entered into by and between the Company and any Service Provider) than the three (3) year anniversary of the grant date; provided, further, that if vesting is not solely based on continuing as a Service Provider, they will vest in full no earlier (except if accelerated pursuant to Section 21 hereof or pursuant to change of control severance agreements entered into by and between the Company and any Service Provider) than the one (1) year anniversary of the grant date;
(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;
(viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan;
(ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 7 and Section 24(c) of the Plan);
(x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator;
(xi) to determine the terms and restrictions applicable to Awards;
(xii) to determine whether Awards will be adjusted for Dividend Equivalents and whether such Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to vesting; and
(xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.
(c) . All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Administrator shall be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of any Awards granted under the Plan.
Effect of Administrator's Decision
(d) .
Exception to Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements
(i) Full Value Awards that result in issuing up to 5% of the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock authorized for issuance under the Plan (the "5% Limit") may be granted to any one or more employees or Non-employee Directors without respect to the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements.
(ii) All Full Value Awards that have their vesting discretionarily accelerated, and all Options and SARs that have their vesting discretionarily accelerated 100%, other than, in either case, pursuant to (A) a merger or asset sale transaction described in Section 21(c) hereof (including vesting acceleration in connection with employment termination following such event), (B) a Participant's death, or (C) a Participant's Disability, are subject to the 5% Limit.
(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may accelerate the vesting of Full Value Awards such that the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements are still satisfied, without such vesting acceleration counting toward the 5% Limit.
(iv) The 5% Limit applies in the aggregate to Full Value Award grants that do not satisfy Plan minimum vesting requirements and to the discretionary vesting acceleration of Awards.
5. . Awards may be granted only to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. A Service Provider who has been granted an Award may, if he or she is otherwise eligible, be granted an additional Award or Awards. Outside Directors may only be granted Awards as specified in Section 11 hereof.
Eligibility
6. .
Code Section 162(m) Provisions
(a) . Subject to Section 7 below, no Participant shall be granted, in any Fiscal Year, Options and Stock Appreciation Rights to purchase more than 2,000,000 Shares; provided, however, that such limit shall be 4,000,000 Shares in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Option and SAR Annual Share Limit
(b) . No Participant shall be granted, in any Fiscal Year, more than 1,000,000 Shares in the aggregate of the following: (i) Restricted Stock, (ii) Performance Shares, or (iii) Restricted Stock Units; provided, however, that such limit shall be 2,000,000 Shares in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Restricted Stock, Performance Share and Restricted Stock Unit Annual Limit
(c) . No Participant shall receive Performance Units, in any Fiscal Year, having an initial value greater than $2,000,000, provided, however, that such limit shall be $4,000,000 in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Performance Units Annual Limit
(d) . For purposes of qualifying grants of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Performance Goals shall be set by the Administrator on or before the latest date permissible to enable the Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units to qualify as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. In granting Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units which are intended to qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator shall follow any procedures determined by it from time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure qualification of the Award under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining the Performance Goals).
Section 162(m) Performance Restrictions
(e) . The numerical limitations in Sections 6(a) and (b) shall be adjusted proportionately in connection with any change in the Company's capitalization as described in Section 16(a).
Changes in Capitalization
7. . The exercise price for an Option or SAR may not be reduced without the consent of the Company's stockholders. This shall include, without limitation, a repricing of the Option or SAR as well as an Option or SAR exchange program whereby the Participant agrees to cancel an existing Option in exchange for an Option, SAR or other Award. If an Option or SAR is cancelled in the same Fiscal Year in which it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction described in Section 14), the cancelled Option or SAR as well as any replacement Option or SAR will be counted against the limits set forth in section 6(a) above.  Moreover, if the exercise price of an Option or SAR is reduced, the transaction will be treated as a cancellation of the Option or SAR and the grant of a new Option or SAR.
No Repricing
8. .
Stock Options
(a) . Each Option shall be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designations, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares subject to a Participant's incentive stock options granted by the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary, that become exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 8(a), incentive stock options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time of grant.
Type of Option
(b) . The term of each Option shall be stated in the Notice of Grant; provided, however, that the term shall be seven (7) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant.
Term of Option
(c) .
Exercise Price and Consideration
(i) The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be such price as is determined by the Administrator, but shall be subject to the following:
(A) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option
(1) granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(2) granted to any Employee, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(B) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(ii) Except with respect to automatic stock option grants to Outside Directors, the consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option, including the method of payment, shall be determined by the Administrator and may consist entirely of cash; check; delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Committee and the broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required; or any combination of such methods of payment, or such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted under Applicable Law.
9. 
Stock Appreciation Rights.
(a) . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, SARs may be granted to Participants at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(a) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine the number of SARs granted to any Participant.
Grant of SARs
(b) . The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an SAR shall be determined by the Administrator and shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant. Otherwise, subject to Section 6(a) of the Plan, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of SARs granted under the Plan; provided, however, that no SAR may have a term of more than seven(=7) years from the date of grant.
Exercise Price and other Terms
(c) . Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:
Payment of SAR Amount
(i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times
(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised.
(d) . At the discretion of the Administrator, but only as specified in the Award Agreement, payment for a SAR may be in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. If the Award Agreement is silent as to the form of payment, payment of the SAR may only be in Shares.
Payment upon Exercise of SAR
(e) . Each SAR grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the exercise price, the term of the SAR, the conditions of exercise, whether it may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
SAR Agreement
(f) . A SAR granted under the Plan shall expire upon the date determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement.
Expiration of SARs
10. .
Exercise of Option or SAR
(a) . Any Option or SAR granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator, including performance criteria with respect to the Company and/or the Participant, and as shall be permissible under the terms of the Plan.
Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder
An Option or SAR may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option or SAR shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Option or SAR by the person entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and, with respect to Options only, full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised has been received by the Company. With respect to Options only, full payment may, as authorized by the Administrator, consist of any consideration and method of payment allowable under Section 8(d) of the Plan. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the stock certificate evidencing such Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 21 of the Plan.
(b) . If an Employee or Consultant ceases to serve as a Service Provider, he or she may, but only within 90 days (or such other period of time as is determined by the Administrator and as set forth in the Option or SAR Agreement) after the date he or she ceases to be a Service Provider, exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent that he or she was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that he or she was not entitled to exercise the Option or SAR at the date of such termination, or if he or she does not exercise such Option or SAR (which he or she was entitled to exercise) within the time specified herein, the Option or SAR shall terminate.
Termination of Status as a Service Provider
(c) . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant's Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the Option or SAR is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option or SAR shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Participant's termination. If, on the date of termination, the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option or SAR, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan.
Disability
(d) . If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option or SAR may be exercised following the Participant's death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement (but in no event may the option be exercised later than the expiration of the term set forth in the Award Agreement), by the Participant's designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Participant's death in a form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option or SAR may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant's estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option or SAR is transferred pursuant to the Participant's will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option or SAR shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participant's death. If the Option or SAR is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option or SAR shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan.
Death of Participant
11. .
Automatic Stock Option Grants to Outside Directors
(a) . All grants of Options to Outside Directors under this Plan shall be automatic and non-discretionary and shall be made strictly in accordance with the following provisions:
Procedure for Grants
(i) No person shall have any discretion to select which Outside Directors shall be granted Options or Restricted Stock Units or to determine the number of Shares to be covered by Options or Restricted Stock Units granted to Outside Directors.
(ii) Each Outside Director shall be automatically granted an Option to purchase 50,000 Shares (the "First Option") upon the date on which such person first becomes a Director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or appointment by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy.
(iii) At each of the Company's annual stockholder meetings (A) each Outside Director who was an Outside Director on the date of the prior year's annual stockholder meeting shall be automatically granted Restricted Stock Units for a number of Shares equal to the Annual Value, and (B) each Outside Director who was not an Outside Director on the date of the prior year's annual stockholder meeting shall receive a Restricted Stock Unit for a number of Shares determined by multiplying the Annual Value by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days since the Outside Director received their First Option (or, in the case of a Director who has transitioned from an employee director to an Outside Director and did not receive a First Option, the date the Director became an Outside Director), and the denominator of which is 365, rounded down to the nearest whole Share. Each award specified in A and B are generically referred to as an "Annual Award". The Annual Value means the number equal to $125,000 divided by the average daily closing price over the six month period ending on the last day of the fiscal year preceding the date of grant (for example, the period from July1, 2008  December 31, 2008 for Annual Awards granted in May 2009).
(iv) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (ii) and (iii) hereof, in the event that an automatic grant hereunder would cause the number of Shares subject to outstanding Options and Restricted Stock Units plus the number of Shares previously purchased upon exercise of Options or issued upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units to exceed the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, then each such automatic grant shall be for that number of Shares determined by dividing the total number of Shares remaining available for grant by the number of Outside Directors on the automatic grant date. Any further grants shall then be deferred until such time, if any, as additional Shares become available for grant under the Plan.
(v) The terms of an Option granted hereunder shall be as follows:
(A) the term of the Option shall be seven (7) years.
(B) the Option shall be exercisable only while the Outside Director remains a Director of the Company, except as set forth in subsection (c) hereof.
(C) the exercise price per Share shall be 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of the Option.
(D) the First Option shall vest and become exercisable as to 1/36 of the covered Shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36 vesting on the day prior to the Company's annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant, so as to become 100% vested on the approximately three-year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Participant maintaining Continuous Status as a Director on each vesting date.
th
th
(E) the Annual Award shall become 100% vested on the one year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Participant maintaining Continuous Status as a Director on each vesting date.
(b) . The consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an automatic Outside Director Option shall consist entirely of cash, check, and to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Administrator and the broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required to pay the exercise price, or any combination of such methods of payment.
Consideration for Exercising Outside Director Stock Options
(c) . If an Outside Director ceases to serve as a Director, (including pursuant to his or her death or Disability) he or she may, but only within 90 daysafter the date he or she ceases to be a Director of the Company, exercise his or her Option to the extent that he or she was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that he or she was not entitled to exercise an Option at the date of such termination, or if he or she does not exercise such Option (which he was entitled to exercise) within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate.
Post-Directorship Exercisability
,
12. .
Restricted Stock
(a) . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Restricted Stock may be granted to Participants at any time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(b) hereof as well as the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine (i) the number of Shares subject to a Restricted Stock award granted to any Participant, and (ii) the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on continued provision of services but may include a performance-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant, vesting or issuance of Restricted Stock.
Grant of Restricted Stock
(b) . The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Restricted Stock granted under the Plan; provided that Restricted Stock may only be issued in the form of Shares. Restricted Stock grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the stock or the restricted stock unit is awarded. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Restricted Stock Award agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the Shares of stock awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
(c) . Each Restricted Stock grant shall be evidenced by an agreement that shall specify the purchase price (if any) and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine; provided; however, that if the Restricted Stock grant has a purchase price, such purchase price must be paid no more than seven (7) years following the date of grant.
Restricted Stock Award Agreement
13. .
Restricted Stock Units
(a) . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it shall advise the Participant in writing or electronically of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units and the form of payout, which, subject to Section 6(b) hereof, may be left to the discretion of the Administrator.
Grant
(b) . Subject to the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof, the Administrator shall set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment), or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
Vesting Criteria and Other Terms
(c) . Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a payout as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.
Earning Restricted Stock Units
(d) . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, but only as specified in the Award Agreement, may pay earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof. If the Award Agreement is silent as to the form of payment, payment of the Restricted Stock Units may only be in Shares.
Form and Timing of Payment
(e) . On the date set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited to the Company.
Cancellation
14. .
Performance Shares
(a) . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Shares may be granted to Participants at any time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(b) hereof as well as the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine (i) the number of Shares subject to a Performance Share award granted to any Participant, and (ii) the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on achievement of performance milestones but may include a service-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant or vesting of Performance Shares. Performance Shares shall be granted in the form of units to acquire Shares. Each such unit shall be the equivalent of one Share for purposes of determining the number of Shares subject to an Award. Until the Shares are issued, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the units to acquire Shares.
Grant of Performance Shares
(b) . The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Performance Shares granted under the Plan. Performance Share grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the stock is awarded, which may include such performance-based milestones as are determined appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Performance Shares Award Agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the Shares of stock awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
(c) . Each Performance Share grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
Performance Share Award Agreement
15. .
Performance Units
(a) . Performance Units are similar to Performance Shares, except that they shall be settled in a cash equivalent to the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares, determined as of the vesting date. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Units may be granted to Participants at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on achievement of performance milestones but may include a service-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant or vesting of Performance Units. Performance Units shall be granted in the form of units to acquire Shares. Each such unit shall be the cash equivalent of one Share of Common Stock. No right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to Performance Units or the cash payable thereunder.
Grant of Performance Units
(b) . Subject to Section 6(c) hereof, the Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units granted to any Participant.
Number of Performance Units
(c) . The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Performance Units granted under the Plan. Performance Unit grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the grant is awarded, which may include such performance-based milestones as are determined appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Performance Unit agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the units awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
(d) . Each Performance Unit grant shall be evidenced by an agreement that shall specify such terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
Performance Unit Award Agreement
16. .
Deferred Stock Units
(a) . Deferred Stock Units shall consist of a Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share or Performance Unit Award that the Administrator, in its sole discretion permits to be paid out in installments or on a deferred basis, in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Administrator, subject to the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof. Deferred Stock Units shall remain subject to the claims of the Company's general creditors until distributed to the Participant.
Description
(b) . Deferred Stock Units shall be subject to the annual 162(m) limits applicable to the underlying Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share or Performance Unit Award as set forth in Section 6 hereof.
162(m) Limits
17. . If as a condition to be granted an unpaid leave of absence by the Company, a Participant agrees that vesting shall be suspended during all or a portion of such leave of absence, (except as otherwise required by Applicable Laws) vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall cease during such agreed upon portion of the unpaid leave of absence and shall only recommence upon return to active service.
Leaves of Absence
18. . Unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws, if as a condition to being permitted to work on a less than full-time basis, the Participant agrees that any service-based vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall be extended on a proportionate basis in connection with such transition to a less than a full-time basis, vesting shall be adjusted in accordance with such agreement. Such vesting shall be proportionately re-adjusted prospectively in the event that the Employee subsequently becomes regularly scheduled to work additional hours of service.
Part-Time Service
19. . Except as determined otherwise by the Administrator in its sole discretion (but never a transfer in exchange for value), Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant, without the prior written consent of the Administrator.
Non-Transferability of Awards
20. . When a Participant incurs tax liability in connection with the exercise, vesting or payout, as applicable, of an Award, which tax liability is subject to tax withholding under applicable tax laws, and the Participant is obligated to pay the Company an amount required to be withheld under applicable tax laws, the Participant may satisfy the withholding tax obligation by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option or SAR or the Shares to be issued upon payout or vesting of the other Award, if any, that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld shall be determined on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined (the "Tax Date").
Stock Withholding to Satisfy Withholding Tax Obligations
All elections by a Participant to have Shares withheld for this purpose shall be made in writing in a form acceptable to the Administrator and shall be subject to the following restrictions:
(a) the election must be made on or prior to the applicable Tax Date; and
(b) all elections shall be subject to the consent or disapproval of the Administrator.
In the event the election to have Shares subject to an Award withheld is made by a Participant and the Tax Date is deferred under Section 83 of the Code because no election is filed under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Participant shall receive the full number of Shares with respect to which the Option or SAR is exercised or other Award is vested but such Participant shall be unconditionally obligated to tender back to the Company the proper number of Shares on the Tax Date.
21. .
Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger or Asset Sale
(a) . Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each outstanding Award, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Award, as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Award, the annual share limitations under Sections 6(a) and (b) hereof, and the number of Shares subject to ongoing automatic First Option and Annual Award grants to Outside Directors under Section 11 hereof shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award.
Changes in Capitalization
(b) . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. The Administrator in its discretion (but not with respect to Options granted to Outside Directors) may provide for a Participant to have the right to exercise his or her Option or SAR until ten (10) days prior to such transaction as to all of the Awarded Stock covered thereby, including Shares as to which the Award would not otherwise be exercisable. In addition, the Administrator may provide that any Company repurchase option or forfeiture rights applicable to any Award shall lapse 100%, and that any Award vesting shall accelerate 100%, provided the proposed dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in the manner contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously exercised (with respect to Options and SARs) or vested (with respect to other Awards), an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
Dissolution or Liquidation
(c) .
Merger or Asset Sale
(i) . In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, each outstanding Option and SAR shall be assumed or an equivalent option or SAR substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Option or SAR, the Participant shall fully vest in and have the right to exercise the Option or SAR as to all of the Awarded Stock, including Shares as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option or SAR becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a merger or asset sale, the Administrator shall notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or SAR shall be fully vested and exercisable for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such notice, and the Option or SAR shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. With respect to Options granted to Outside Directors, in the event that the Outside Director is required to terminate his or her position as an Outside Director at the request of the acquiring entity within 12 months following such merger or asset sale, each outstanding Option held by such Outside Director shall become fully vested and exercisable, including as to Shares as to which it would not otherwise be exercisable, unless the Board, in its discretion, determines otherwise.
Stock Options and SARs
(ii) . In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, each outstanding Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) shall be assumed or an equivalent Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent), the Participant shall fully vest in the Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent), including as to Shares (or with respect to Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units, the cash equivalent thereof) which would not otherwise be vested. For the purposes of this paragraph, a Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) shall be considered assumed if, following the merger or asset sale, the award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share (or with respect to Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units, the cash equivalent thereof) subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger or asset sale, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or asset sale by holders of the Company's common stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or asset sale is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received, for each Share and each unit/right to acquire a Share subject to the Award (other than Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units) to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of the Company's common stock in the merger or asset sale.
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units and Dividend Equivalents
22. . The date of grant of an Award shall, for all purposes, be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award. Notice of the determination shall be given to each Employee or Consultant to whom an Award is so granted within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
Time of Granting Awards
23. . The Plan shall continue in effect until March 1, 2016 .
Term of Plan
24. .
Amendment and Termination of the Plan
(a) . The Board may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.
Amendment and Termination
(b) . The Company shall obtain shareholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Rule 16b-3 or with Section 422 of the Code (or any successor rule or statute or other applicable law, rule or regulation, including the requirements of any exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted). Such shareholder approval, if required, shall be obtained in such a manner and to such a degree as is required by the applicable law, rule or regulation.
Shareholder Approval
(c) . No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company.
Effect of Amendment or Termination
25. . Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares
As a condition to the exercise or payout, as applicable, of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Option or SAR, or in the case of another Award (other than a Dividend Equivalent or Performance Unit), the person receiving the Shares upon vesting, to render to the Company a written statement containing such representations and warranties as, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, may be required to ensure compliance with any of the aforementioned relevant provisions of law, including a representation that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required.
26. . The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. Inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.
Reservation of Shares

1. . The Plan is intended to increase shareholder value and the success of the Company by motivating key executives to: (1) perform to the best of their abilities, and (2) achieve the Company's objectives. The Plan's goals are to be achieved by providing such executives with incentive awards based on the achievement of goals relating to the performance of the Company or upon the achievement of objectively determinable individual performance goals. The Plan is intended to permit the payment of bonuses that may qualify as performance-based compensation under Code section 162(m).
Purposes of the Plan
2. .
Definitions
(a) "" means, with respect to each Participant, the award determined pursuant to Section 8(a) below for a Performance Period. Each Award is determined by a Payout Formula for a Performance Period, subject to the Committee's authority under Section 8(a) to eliminate or reduce the Award otherwise payable.
Award
(b) "" means as to any Performance Period, the Participant's actual annual salary earned through the last day of the Performance Period. Such Base Salary shall be before both (a) deductions for taxes or benefits, and (b) deferrals of compensation pursuant to Company-sponsored plans.
Base Salary
(c) "" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(d) "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
(e) "" means the Compensation Committee of the Board.
Committee
(f) "" means Juniper Networks, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries (as such term is defined in Code Section 424(f)).
Company
(g) "" means the latest possible date that will not jeopardize a Target Award or Award's qualification as Performance-Based Compensation.
Determination Date
(h) "" means a fiscal quarter of the Company.
Fiscal Quarter
(i) "" means a fiscal year of the Company.
Fiscal Year
(j) "" means as to any Participant for any Performance Period, $20 million.
Maximum Award
(k) "" means an executive officer of the Company participating in the Plan for a Performance Period.
Participant
(l) "" means as to any Performance Period, the formula or payout matrix established by the Committee pursuant to Section 7 in order to determine the Awards (if any) to be paid to Participants. The formula or matrix may differ from Participant to Participant.
Payout Formula
(m) "" means compensation that is intended to qualify as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m).
Performance-Based Compensation
(n) "" means the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Committee (in its discretion) to be applicable to a Participant with respect to an Award. As determined by the Committee, the performance measures for any performance period will be any one or more of the following objective performance criteria, applied to either the Company as a whole or, except with respect to stockholder return metrics, to a region, business unit, affiliate or business segment, and measured either on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to a previous period's results to a designated comparison group, and/or to another Performance Goal and, with respect to financial metrics, which may be determined in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP"), in accordance with accounting principles established by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB Principles") or which may be adjusted when established to exclude any items otherwise includable under GAAP or under IASB Principles: (i) cash flow (including operating cash flow or free cash flow) or cash flow margin, (ii) cash position, (iii) revenue (on an absolute basis or adjusted for currency effects), (iv) gross margin, (v) operating margin, (vi) operating expenses or operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, (vii) earnings (which may include, without limitation, earnings before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes and earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization), (viii) earnings per share, (ix) operating income, (x) net income, (xi) stock price, (xiii) return on equity, (xiii) total stockholder return, (xiv) growth in stockholder value relative to a specified publicly reported index (such as the S&P 500 Index), (xv) return on capital, (xvi) return on assets or net assets, (xvii) return on investment, (xviii) economic value added, (xix) market share, (xx) contract awards or backlog, (xxi) overhead or other expense reduction, (xxii) credit rating, (xxiii) objective customer indicators (including, without limitation, a customer satisfaction rating), (xxiv) new product invention or innovation, (xxv) attainment of research and development milestones, (xxvi) improvements in productivity, (xxvii) attainment of objective operating goals, and (xxviii) objective employee metrics.
Performance Goals
(o) "" means any Fiscal Year or portion thereof, or such other longer period but not in excess of five Fiscal Years, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.
Performance Period
(p) "" means this Performance Bonus Plan.
Plan
(q) "" means the Company's fiscal year.
Plan Year
(r) "" means Section 162(m) of the Code, or any successor to Section 162(m), as that Section may be interpreted from time to time by the Internal Revenue Service, whether by regulation, notice or otherwise.
Section 162(m)
(s) "" means the target award payable under the Plan to a Participant for the Performance Period, expressed as a percentage of his or her Base Salary or a specific dollar amount, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 6.
Target Award
3. .
Plan Administration
(a) The Committee shall be responsible for the general administration and interpretation of the Plan and for carrying out its provisions. Subject to the requirements for qualifying compensation as Performance-Based Compensation, the Committee may delegate specific administrative tasks to Company employees or others as appropriate for proper administration of the Plan. Subject to the limitations on Committee discretion imposed under Section 162(m), the Committee shall have such powers as may be necessary to discharge its duties hereunder, including, but not by way of limitation, the following powers and duties, but subject to the terms of the Plan:
(i) discretionary authority to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan, and to determine eligibility, Awards and the amount, manner and time of payment of any Awards hereunder;
(ii) to prescribe forms and procedures for purposes of Plan participation and distribution of Awards; and
(iii) to adopt rules, regulations and bylaws and to take such actions as it deems necessary or desirable for the proper administration of the Plan.
(b) Any rule or decision by the Committee that is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan shall be conclusive and binding on all persons, and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law.
4. . The employees eligible to participate in the Plan for a given Performance Period shall be executive officers of the Company who are designated by the Committee in its sole discretion. No person shall be automatically entitled to participate in the Plan.
Eligibility
5. . The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall establish the Performance Goals for each Participant for the Performance Period. Such Performance Goals shall be set forth in writing prior to the Determination Date.
Performance Goal Determination
6. . The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall establish a Target Award for each Participant. Each Participant's Target Award shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and each Target Award shall be set forth in writing prior to the Determination Date.
Target Award Determination
7. . On or prior to the Determination Date, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall establish a Payout Formula or Formulae for purposes of determining the Award (if any) payable to each Participant. Each Payout Formula shall (a) be set forth in writing prior to the Determination Date, (b) be based on a comparison of actual performance to the Performance Goals, (c) provide for the payment of a Participant's Target Award if the Performance Goals for the Performance Period are achieved, and (d) provide for an Award greater than or less than the Participant's Target Award, depending upon the extent to which actual performance exceeds or falls below the Performance Goals. Notwithstanding the preceding, in no event shall a Participant's Award for any Performance Period exceed the Maximum Award.
Determination of Payout Formula or Formulae
8. .
Determination of Awards; Award Payment
(a) . After the end of each Performance Period, the Committee shall certify in writing (which may be by approval of the minutes in which the certification was made) the extent to which the Performance Goals applicable to each Participant for the Performance Period were achieved or exceeded. The Award for each Participant shall be determined by applying the Payout Formula to the level of actual performance that has been certified by the Committee. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may eliminate or reduce the Award payable to any Participant below that which otherwise would be payable under the Payout Formula but shall not have the right to increase the Award above that which would otherwise be payable under the Payout Formula.
Determination and Certification
(b) . Each Award under the Plan shall be paid solely from the general assets of the Company. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to create a trust or to establish or evidence any Participant's claim of any right to payment of an Award other than as an unsecured general creditor with respect to any payment to which he or she may be entitled. A Participant needs to be employed by the Company through the payment date in order to be eligible to receive an Award payout hereunder.
Right to Receive Payment
(c) . The Company shall distribute all Awards to the Participant in cash.
Form of Distributions
(d) . Subject to Section 8(e) below, the Company shall distribute amounts payable to Participants as soon as is practicable following the determination and written certification of the Award for a Performance Period.
Timing of Distributions
(e) . The Committee may defer payment of Awards, or any portion thereof, to Covered Employees as the Committee, in its discretion, determines to be necessary or desirable to preserve the deductibility of such amounts under Section 162(m) or for any such other reason as the Committee may determine. In addition, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit a Participant to defer receipt of the payment of cash that would otherwise be delivered to a Participant under the Plan. Any such deferral elections shall be subject to such rules and procedures as shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion.
Deferral
9. . Subject to its approval at the 2011 annual meeting of the Company's stockholders, the Plan shall first apply to the 2012 Plan Year. Once approved by the Company's stockholders, the Plan shall continue until terminated under Section 10 of the Plan.
Term of Plan
10. . The Committee may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan, in whole or in part, at any time, including the adoption of amendments deemed necessary or desirable to correct any defect or to supply omitted data or to reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award granted hereunder; provided, however, that no amendment, alteration, suspension or discontinuation shall be made which would (i) impair any payments to Participants made prior to such amendment, modification, suspension or termination, unless the Committee has made a determination that such amendment or modification is in the best interests of all persons to whom Awards have theretofore been granted; provided further, however, that in no event may such an amendment or modification result in an increase in the amount of compensation payable pursuant to such Award or (ii) cause compensation that is, or may become, payable hereunder to fail to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation. To the extent necessary or advisable under applicable law, including Section 162(m), Plan amendments shall be subject to shareholder approval. At no time before the actual distribution of funds to Participants under the Plan shall any Participant accrue any vested interest or right whatsoever under the Plan except as otherwise stated in this Plan. Nothing in this Section 10 is intended to limit the Company's ability to recover Plan payouts pursuant to an approved compensation recovery or clawback policy.
Amendment and Termination of the Plan
11. . Distributions pursuant to this Plan shall be subject to all applicable federal and state tax and withholding requirements.
Withholding
12. . No statement in this Plan
At-Will Employment
should be construed to grant any employee an employment contract of fixed duration or any other contractual rights, nor should this Plan be interpreted as creating an implied or an expressed contract of employment or any other contractual rights between the Company and its employees. The employment relationship between the Company and its employees is terminable at-will. This means that an employee of the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time and for any reason or no reason.
13. . All obligations of the Company under the Plan, with respect to awards granted hereunder, shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company.
Successors
14. .  Each person who is or shall have been a member of the Committee, or of the Board, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (a) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any award, and (b) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company's approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless.
Indemnification
15. . The rights of a Participant under this Plan shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant except by will or the laws of intestacy.
Nonassignment
16. . The Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereunder.
Governing Law


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110725163937.txt.gz
TIME:20110725163937
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(c) Beginning in February 2011, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") began implementing a new organizational structure designed to position the Company to drive long-term growth by focusing talent and resources in the two core areas of systems and software. That organizational realignment has resulted in the creation of two new divisions, the Software Solutions Division and the Platform Systems Division. Today the Company issued a press release in which it announced the hiring of Robert Muglia as Executive Vice President of Software, leading the new Software Solutions Division. Mr. Muglia will report to Company CEO Kevin Johnson. A copy of the press release is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1. As Mr. Muglia joins the company to drive the Companys end-to-end software strategy, Stefan Dyckerhoff will continue in his role as EVP of the Platform Systems Division and drive Junipers end-to-end systems strategy. The Company will continue to report financial results under its existing segment structure through 2011 and anticipates realigning its reporting consistent with its new division structure beginning with 2012. In support of its division realignment, the Company is also making several executive assignments, effective immediately. Mark Bauhaus will assume the role of Executive Vice President of Services, Support and Operations. To better align field operations and strategic alliances, Gerri Elliott will assume the role of Executive Vice President and Chief Sales Officer and John Morris will assume the role of Executive Vice President of Strategic Alliances. Mike Rose will assume the role of Executive Vice President, Customer Executive Relationships. Executive Vice President and CFO Robyn Denholm will expand her responsibilities, managing IT and business enablement in addition to global finance, real estate, IR and IA. Executive Vice President Kim Perdikou will also expand her responsibilities to oversee customer quality and experience initiatives worldwide.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

David Shane Juniper Networks (408) 936-4872
Media Relations:
dshane@juniper.net
Cindy Ta Juniper Networks (408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
Kathleen Nemeth Juniper Networks (408) 936-5397
Investor Relations:
kbela@juniper.net
 Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR) today announced that Robert Muglia will be joining the company as executive vice president of the Software Solutions Division. In this newly created role, Muglia will oversee the company's end-to-end software strategy and lead the newly formed Software Solutions Division. He joins the company from Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) and will report directly to Juniper CEO Kevin Johnson.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 25, 2011
By centralizing its software business under Muglia's leadership, Juniper is further sharpening its focus on systems and software as the two core engines of growth for the company. Juniper's software business is already a key differentiator for the company that drives customer adoption of solutions including industry leading Juniper Networks SRX Series and vGW Series security offerings, MobileNext core for mobile operators, the Junos Pulse mobile security suite for managing devices, and the Junos Space platform for developing and deploying network applications. The company plans to further accelerate this momentum as Muglia assumes his new role.
"We are excited to have a leader of Bob's caliber coming on board to lead Juniper's software initiatives, and I'm confident that his vision, management savvy and technical expertise will bring tremendous value to our organization," said Kevin Johnson, CEO of Juniper Networks. "As we continue to execute on our growth strategy centered on systems and software, we look forward to Bob playing a central role in extending our leadership position in network-powered software solutions."
Over the past 23 years, Muglia has served in leadership positions across all of Microsoft's business groups, including Developer, Office, Mobile Devices, Windows NT and Online Services. Most recently, Muglia served as president of Microsoft's $15 billion Server and Tools Business (STB), where he was responsible for infrastructure software, developer tools and cloud platforms, including products such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center and the Windows Azure Platform. During his tenure leading STB, revenues increased by 50 percent.
"I have long respected Juniper for its disruptive approach to solving the toughest networking problems and for its networking vision that is simple, open and programmable," said Muglia. "I am thrilled to be joining Kevin and his team and look forward to contributing to the company's continued success and momentum in the marketplace."
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at ().
Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks, MobileNext and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110726162931.txt.gz
TIME:20110726162931
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 26, 2011, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Items
The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, stock based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were
already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note B: Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not
going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note E: Other Income and Expense. GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Nemeth
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-5397
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
David Shane
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-4872
dshane@juniper.net
Cindy Ta
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
 
 
 
 
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR) today reported preliminary financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2011, and provided its outlook for the three months ending September 30, 2011.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 26, 2011
Net revenues for the second quarter of 2011 increased 15% on a year-over-year basis, and increased 2% sequentially, to $1,120.5 million.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $115.6 million, or $0.21 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $167.2 million, or $0.31 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2011.
Non-GAAP net income per diluted share increased 3% compared to the second quarter of 2010 and decreased 3% compared to last quarter. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Share-Based Compensation Related Payroll Tax by Category table below.
"Juniper's results reflect momentum in our routing business and a return to solid performance in switching. A number of factors, however, including mixed signals in the macro economy, impacted our performance this quarter," said Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer at Juniper Networks. "We are confident that our investment in innovation is generating a wave of great products that positions us well to deliver on our multi-year growth agenda."
Juniper's operating margin for the second quarter of 2011 decreased to 15.3% on a GAAP basis from 16.1% in the first quarter of 2011, and from 18.9% in the prior year second quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2011 decreased to 21.6% from 22.3% in the first quarter of 2011 and from 23.9% in the prior year second quarter.
"We delivered solid year-over-year growth in the June quarter. However, we saw some moderation in certain areas of the business, which resulted in revenues coming in below our expectations. I'm pleased with our diligent expense control, which enabled us to generate earnings within our guidance range," said Robyn Denholm, chief financial
 
officer at Juniper Networks. "We have taken decisive steps to ensure our cost structure takes into account the near-term revenue environment while preserving investments that support our multi-year growth agenda."
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of the second quarter of 2011 was $4,220.5 million, compared to $4,083.5 million as of the first quarter of 2011 and $2,736.2 million as of the same quarter of the prior year.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the second quarter of 2011 of $318.3 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $239.7 million, in the first quarter of 2011, and $221.3 million in the same quarter of the prior year.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 39 days in the second quarter of 2011, compared to 38 days in the prior quarter and 36 days in the same quarter of the prior year.
Juniper repurchased approximately 3.9 million shares in the second quarter of 2011, at an average price of $38.94 per share, or approximately $150 million dollars.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the second quarter of 2011, were $62.0 million and $41.9 million, respectively.
Outlook
While the long-term fundamentals driving demand for networking solutions are healthy, our outlook for the September quarter reflects some near-term market weakness due primarily to the timing of certain Service Provider deployments. Our overall pipeline is strong and we anticipate many of our recent design wins will begin translating to revenue late in 2011.
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Conference Call Web Cast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 26, 2011 at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until September 13, 2011.
 
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks (www.juniper.net).
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, stock based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better
Note B: Other Items
 
able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20110901092242.txt.gz
TIME:20110901092242
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
On August 25, 2011, the Board of Directors approved effective on September 1, 2011 an amendment of Section 3.7 of the Bylaws to simplify the method of giving notice of special meetings of the Board of Directors. The amendment enables notice of special meetings of the Board of Directors to be given by electronic mail or courier and reduces the period of prior notice from 48 hours to 24 hours. As amended, Section 3.7 reads in its entirety as follows: 3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors. Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone to each director, (ii) sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, (iii) sent by facsimile; or (iv) sent by electronic mail, directed to each director at that directors address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as the case may be, as it is shown on the records of the Corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile or (iii) sent by electronic mail, it shall be delivered or sent at least 24 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice may be communicated to the director. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation, or the purpose of the meeting.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20111014133018.txt.gz
TIME:20111014133018
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
This Current Report on Form 8-K/A (the "Amendment") updates information disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 23, 2011 (the "Original Form 8-K") relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Juniper Networks (the "Company") held on May 18, 2011 (the "Annual Meeting"). The sole purpose of this Amendment is to disclose the Company's decision regarding how frequently it will conduct future advisory votes on executive compensation.
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
As previously reported in the Original Form 8-K, at the Annual Meeting, an advisory vote was conducted on the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation.  A majority of the shares were voted for holding such advisory votes on an annual basis.  The Company has considered the outcome of this advisory vote and has determined, as was recommended with respect to this proposal by the Company's board of directors in the proxy statement for the Annual Meeting, that the Company will hold an annual advisory vote on executive compensation.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20111018163057.txt.gz
TIME:20111018163057
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 18, 2011, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Items
The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of share is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items
. GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Nemeth
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-5397
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
David Shane
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-4872
dshane@juniper.net
Cindy Ta
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
 
 
 
 
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today reported preliminary financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2011, and provided its outlook for the three months ending December 31, 2011.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., Oct. 18, 2011
Net revenues for the third quarter of 2011 increased 9% on a year-over-year basis, and decreased 1% sequentially, to $1,105.8 million.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $83.7 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $149.8 million, or $0.28 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2011. Included in the GAAP diluted income per share for the quarter is a $0.02 dilutive impact associated with restructuring activities.
Non-GAAP net income per diluted share decreased 13% compared to the third quarter of 2010 and decreased 10% compared to the second quarter of 2011. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Share-Based Compensation Related Payroll Tax by Category table below.
"Juniper executed well this quarter, and we are seeing strong customer interest in our new innovations in the data center, enterprise mobility and Converged Supercore," said Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer at Juniper Networks. "While the macroeconomic environment dictates we remain agile, Juniper is on the right strategic course to deliver continued growth."
Juniper's operating margin for the third quarter of 2011 decreased to 12.4% on a GAAP basis from 15.3% in the second quarter of 2011, and from 19.3% in the prior year third quarter. Included in the GAAP operating margin is a $16.8 million restructuring charge primarily related to workforce reductions. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2011 decreased to 20.0% from 21.6% in the second quarter of 2011 and from 24.1% in the prior year third quarter.
 
"The third quarter unfolded as we anticipated, and we achieved the performance objectives we had set for the September quarter," said Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer at Juniper Networks. "We will continue to carefully manage our expense structure with a focus on investing prudently in the resources that support our growth agenda and maintain our commitment to innovation."
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of the third quarter of 2011 was $4,130.3 million, compared to $4,220.5 million as of the second quarter of 2011 and $2,698.5 million as of the third quarter of 2010.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the third quarter of 2011 of $185.2 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $318.3 million, in the second quarter of 2011, and $131.4 million in the third quarter of 2010.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 36 days in the third quarter of 2011, compared to 39 days in the prior quarter and 42 days in the third quarter of 2010.
Juniper repurchased approximately 8.9 million shares in the third quarter of 2011, at an average price of $21.47 per share, or approximately $191.0 million dollars.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the third quarter of 2011, were $71.9 million and $43.3 million, respectively.
Outlook
While the long-term fundamentals driving demand for networking solutions are healthy, the macro environment and the impact of the environment on customer capex purchases continues to be uncertain.
 
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Conference Call Web Cast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, October 18, 2011, at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until December 13, 2011.
 
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at ().
Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos and Converged Supercore are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
 
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of share is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20120109165252.txt.gz
TIME:20120109165252
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 9, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we provided a financial update for the quarter ended December 31, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Items The press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report includes the following non-GAAP financial measures: earnings per share; operating margin and gross margins. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the press release should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future. We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures noted above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business, excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to readers provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the performance of our business, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Share-Based Compensation Related Items; Acquisition-Related Charges and Other Items. Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718. Acquisition-Related Charges. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies. Other Items. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Kathleen Nemeth Juniper Networks (408) 936-5397 kbela@juniper.net
Investor Relations:
David Shane Juniper Networks (408) 936-4872 dshane@juniper.net
Media Relations:
 Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today provided preliminary results for the quarter ended December 31, 2011. Financial results for the fourth quarter of 2011, which are based on preliminary estimates and subject to change, are now expected to be below the company's outlook issued on October 24, 2011.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., Jan. 9, 2012
Revenue is now expected to be in the range of $1,110 to $1,120 million, compared to the company's prior expectation of $1,160 to $1,220 million. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $0.26 to $0.28 per diluted share, compared to the company's prior expectation of $0.32 to $0.36. Non-GAAP operating margin is expected to be below the company's prior outlook of 21% to 23% due to lower than expected Non-GAAP gross margins which were impacted by reduced revenue.
Although the company's results are not yet finalized, fourth quarter performance is below the company's previous outlook primarily due to weaker than expected router demand from service providers. While this was not limited to any single geography, a significant portion of the impact was from US service providers. In addition, product book-to-bill was approximately 1.
"2011 was a record year of revenue for Juniper, even though our fourth quarter revenue was weaker than expected due to service provider demand," said Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer of Juniper Networks. "We remain committed to our strategy of innovation in high-performance networking as we continue to manage costs and drive excellence in execution."
The above information is preliminary and subject to Juniper Networks normal quarter-end accounting review and a full fiscal year audit by the company's independent registered public accounting firm. As such, corresponding GAAP financial information is not yet available, but will be included when the company releases its financial results for Q4 2011.
The company will provide full preliminary Q4 2011 financial results and commentary about these results on January 26, 2012 after the close of the market with a conference call to be held at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time) and also to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call start time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website until March 15, 2012.
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at ().
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries.  The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The preliminary financial information provided in this press release is subject to Juniper Networks normal quarter-end accounting review and a full fiscal year audit by the company's independent registered public accounting firm. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of the release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
 
This press release contains the following non-GAAP financial measures: GAAP Earnings Per Share (EPS), operating margin and gross margins. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in this press release should not be considered in isolation from financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.  
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of non-GAAP measures to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the performance of our business, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Share-Based Compensation Related Items, Acquisition-Related Charges, and Other Items.  
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Share-Based Compensation Related Items
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.  
Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies.  We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.  
Other Items


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20120126161758.txt.gz
TIME:20120126161758
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 26, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Items
The tables contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report include the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; other income and expense, net; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of common stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items
. GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Nemeth
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-5397
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
David Shane
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-4872
dshane@juniper.net
Cindy Ta
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
Q4 Financial Highlights:
 
 
 
 
2011 Financial Highlights:
 
 
 
 
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today reported preliminary financial results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2011, and provided its outlook for the three months ending March 31, 2012.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., Jan. 26, 2012
Net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2011 decreased 6% on a year-over-year basis, and increased 1% sequentially, to $1,120.8 million.
For the year ended December 31, 2011, Juniper's revenue increased 9% on a year-over-year basis to $4,448.7 million.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $96.2 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $150.1 million, or $0.28 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2011. Included in the GAAP diluted earnings per share was a $0.02 cents impact for restructuring and other charges. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share decreased 33% compared to the fourth quarter of 2010 and was flat compared to the third quarter of 2011.
For the year ended December 31, 2011, GAAP net income was $425.1 million, or $0.79 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income was $644.6 million, or $1.19 per diluted share. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2011 decreased 10% on a year-over-year basis. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Share-Based Compensation Related Payroll Tax by Category table below.
 
"While the fourth quarter was softer than we had anticipated primarily due to weak demand from service providers, Juniper delivered record revenues in a year where macro economic uncertainty increased as the year unfolded," said Kevin Johnson, president and CEO. "During the year, we introduced innovative new products across our portfolio that we believe will enable Juniper to continue to grow faster than the markets we serve. We are confident in our strategy and our innovation pipeline, and we remain committed to delivering differentiated solutions that are highly relevant to our customers."
Juniper's GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2011 was 11.9% compared to 12.4% in the third quarter of 2011, and 19.1% in the prior year fourth quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2011 was 18.6% compared to 20.0% in the third quarter of 2011, and 24.5% in the prior year fourth quarter. For the fiscal year 2011, Juniper's GAAP operating margin was 13.9% compared to 18.8% for the prior fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fiscal year 2011 was 20.6% compared to 24.0% in the fiscal year 2010.
"The December quarter was an atypical and unexpectedly weak finish to the year, with reduced spending by some of our largest customers." said Robyn Denholm, Juniper's chief financial officer. "While long-term industry fundamentals remain strong, we expect the near-term environment to remain challenging. We will invest in support of our strategy while continuing our focus on execution and prudent cost management."
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of the fourth quarter of 2011 was $4,292.4 million, compared to $4,130.3 million as of the third quarter of 2011 and $2,821.6 million as of the fourth quarter of 2010.
Juniper generated net cash from operations in the fourth quarter of 2011 of $243.6 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $185.2 million in the third quarter of 2011, and $371.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. For the year ended December 31, 2011, Juniper generated net cash from operations of $986.7 million, compared to $812.3 million in 2010.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 46 days in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to 36 days in the prior quarter and 45 days in the fourth quarter of 2010.
For the year ended December 31, 2011, Juniper repurchased 17.5 million shares, at an average share price of $30.93 per share, for a total of $541.2 million, which largely offset stock issued through our employee equity programs.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the fourth quarter of 2011, were $78.4 million and $43.3 million, respectively. Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the fiscal year 2011, were $266.3 million and $169.3 million, respectively.
Outlook
We believe the long-term demand fundamentals remain intact and we are confident about the growth potential of our new product portfolio. However, our outlook for the March quarter reflects near-term uncertainty in the macro-environment and the effect it may have on the level, timing, and prioritization of customer demand.
 
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, impairment charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Conference Call Web Cast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, January 26, 2012, at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks (www.juniper.net).
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; other income and expense, net; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
 
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of common stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20120221154555.txt.gz
TIME:20120221154555
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On February 14, 2012, Stratton Sclavos informed Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") that he was declining to stand for re-election as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board of Directors") and as there were no other scheduled Board of Directors meetings between then and the expiration of his term as a director in May 2012, that he was resigning as a member of the Board of Directors effective as of February 14, 2012. (e) In connection with a periodic review of change of control severance agreements, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved an updated form of change of control severance agreements for certain officers of the Company, including all Section 16 reporting executive officers. The updated form of change of control severance agreement incorporated, among other language changes, several changes intended to address laws and regulations implemented since the prior form was adopted. With respect to the benefits paid under the agreement, the prior form of change of control severance agreements provided for the payment of up to 12 months of Company-paid health, dental and vision insurance coverage. The updated form replaced that benefit with a lump sum cash payment of $36,000 in lieu of continuation of benefits (whether or not the executive elects COBRA). It is expected that all of the executive officers that are executive vice presidents or higher will over time enter into the new form of agreement. In addition, in connection with a periodic review of basic executive severance agreements (covering certain terminations not in connection with a change of control), the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved an updated form of severance agreements for certain officers of the Company, including all Section 16 reporting executive officers. The updated form of severance agreement incorporated among other language changes, several changes intended to address laws and regulations implemented since the prior form was adopted. Many of the outstanding executive severance agreements provided for up to 6 months of Company-paid health, dental, vision and life insurance coverage. The updated form provides for a lump sum cash payment of $18,000 in lieu of the continuation of these benefits (whether or not the executive elects COBRA). In addition, the prior form of severance agreement provided for a cash severance payment (less any withholding taxes) equal to six months of base salary plus an amount equal to half of the executives annual target bonus. To simplify this formula, the updated form of agreement provides for a payment based only on a specified number of months of base pay (which varies between 12 and 16.5 months based on the executives salary grade). This change was not intended to result in any overall increase in benefits. For example, under the prior form of severance agreement, a grade 15 executive with a target annual bonus of 100% of base pay, would have received base and bonus payments totaling 12 months of base salary. Under the new form of agreement for a grade 15 executive, the executive would receive payment of 12 months of base salary and no bonus. It is expected that all of the executive officers that are executive vice presidents or higher will over time enter into the new form of agreement. 2012 Executive Annual Incentive Plan On February 14, 2012, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee") adopted the 2012 Executive Annual Incentive Plan, a cash bonus plan in which the Companys executive officers participate (including the "named executive officers" as defined in Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). Under the 2012 Executive Annual Incentive Plan, each executive officer has an incentive target specified for that individual which is expressed as a percentage of base salary. Target incentive percentages for certain executives participating in the plan are as follows:  Kevin Johnson: 175%  Stefan Dyckerhoff: 150%  Robert Muglia: 150%  Pradeep Sindhu: 100%  Robyn Denholm: 100%  Gerri Elliott: 100%  Mark Bauhaus: 100%  John Morris: 100% Bonus determinations under the plan will be based on achievement of specified objectives during the year, with the portion of incentive target allocated to objectives as follows:  35% based on the Companys revenue growth  35% based on the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals However, in the case of a general manager of a business division, such as the Companys Platform Systems Division or Software Services Division, the incentive is based as follows:  35% based on the divisions revenue growth  20% based on the divisions contribution margin  15% based on the Companys operating margin  30% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals The incentive amounts paid after the end of 2012 will depend on the level of achievement of each objective and range between zero and 200% of the target incentive allocated to each element. The Compensation Committee also determined the incentive compensation payouts under the 2011 Annual Incentive Plan for certain executives for fiscal year 2011 as follows:  Kevin Johnson: $754,320  Stefan Dyckerhoff: $290,225  Robert Muglia: $83,938  Pradeep Sindhu: $246,950  Robyn Denholm: $260,456  Gerri Elliott: $249,400  Mark Bauhaus: $147,325  John Morris: $225,213 2012 Executive Officer Base Salaries and Equity Compensation On February 14, 2012, the Compensation Committee established 2012 annual base salaries for certain executive officers as follows:  Kevin Johnson: $1,000,000  Stefan Dyckerhoff: $670,000  Robert Muglia: $750,000  Pradeep Sindhu: $575,000  Robyn Denholm: $575,000  Gerri Elliott: $575,000 No change was made to the base salary for Mark Bauhaus or John Morris. These new base salaries are effective as of July 1, 2012. The Compensation Committee established these salaries as part of its annual executive compensation review. The Compensation Committee also approved equity awards for named executive officers to be granted on February 17, 2012 as part of its annual executive compensation review, including a special restricted stock unit award for 125,000 shares to Mr. Dyckerhoff to increase his total outstanding equity incentives to reflect his promotion and increased responsibilities during 2011 and to promote retention.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
Amendments to the Bylaws  Majority Voting in Uncontested Director Elections On February 14, 2012, the Board of Directors approved effective on that date an amendment of Section 3.2 of the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the "Bylaws") to implement majority voting in uncontested elections of directors of the Company at stockholder meetings commencing after the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders. As amended, Section 3.2 of the Bylaws reads in its entirety as follows: "3.2 NUMBER AND ELECTION The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be ten (10). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that directors term of office expires. Effective as of the first meeting of stockholders at which the directors will be elected following the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the nominee at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided that, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors at the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders and at any meeting for which (i) the Secretary receives a notice of a stockholders intention to nominate a person or persons for election to the board of directors in compliance with the advance notice provisions of Section 2.5 of these Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or before the fourteenth (14th) day preceding the date the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting of stockholders. For purposes of this Section, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted "for" a director must exceed the number of votes cast "against" that director." In addition, the Board of Directors amended the second paragraph of Section 2.7 of the Bylaws to insert a reference to the Bylaws, the applicable stock exchange and the rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As amended, the second paragraph of Section 2.7 of the Bylaws reads in its entirety as follows: "When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the applicable stock exchange or the rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question." Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws  Declassification of the Board of Directors On February 14, 2012, the Board of Directors approved, subject to and effective on the approval by the stockholders of the Company at the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, an amendment to the Companys amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the "Certificate Amendment") that any director with a term expiring after the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders will be elected for a one-year term. Pursuant to the Certificate Amendment, Class II directors would be elected for one-year terms at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders, Class II and III directors would be elected for one-year terms at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders; and all directors would be elected for one-year terms beginning at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection with the proposed declassification of the Board of Directors, subject to and effective upon the approval of the Certificate Amendment by the stockholders, the Board of Directors amended Sections 3.3 and 3.4 of the Bylaws to read in their entirety as follows: "3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS Each director shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, no terms in effect prior to the effective date of this amendment shall be shortened. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, (i) at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders, (ii) at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders, and (iii) at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders and each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be elected to hold office for one-year terms expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by (i) a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting together as a single class, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced. Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws: (i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. (ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected. If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable."
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20120424162300.txt.gz
TIME:20120424162300
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 24, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be treated as filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Items
The table contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report includes the following non-GAAP financial measures from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; other income and expense, net; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operations of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business, excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, impairment charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of common stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the Company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the Company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items
. GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
Q1 Financial Highlights:
 
 
 
 
Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2012, which were above the Company's first quarter outlook. The Company also provided its outlook for the three months ending June 30, 2012.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., April 24, 2012
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2012 decreased 6% on a year-over-year basis, and decreased 8% sequentially, to $1,032.5 million.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $16.3 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $84.0 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, for the first quarter of 2012. Included in the GAAP diluted earnings per share was a $0.03 cent impact for charges associated with the write-down of an equity investment, restructuring, and other items.
"Our first quarter results reflect solid execution across Juniper," said Kevin Johnson, CEO of Juniper Networks. "We are pleased with initial customer response to our differentiated new products and solutions, which help form the broadest, most robust product portfolio in our Company's history. We are leveraging these innovations to accelerate traction in the marketplace as we continue to change the economics and experience of networking for our customers."
Juniper's GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2012 was 4.6% compared to 11.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011, and 16.1% in the prior year first quarter. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2012 was 12.0% compared to 18.6% in the fourth quarter of 2011, and 22.3% in the prior year first quarter.
"Juniper's results in the March quarter reflect our disciplined operational execution," said Robyn Denholm, CFO of Juniper Networks. "We are pleased with the early customer demand for our new products. We expect customers to continue to exercise care in their investment and project deployments near term. We are focused on executing to our strategy while prudently balancing both the long-term and the near-term needs of the business."
 
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of the first quarter of 2012 was $4,215.8 million, compared to $4,292.4 million as of the fourth quarter of 2011 and $4,083.5 million as of the first quarter of 2011.
Juniper generated net cash from operations in the first quarter of 2012 of $102.3 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $243.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, and $239.7 million in the first quarter of 2011.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 39 days in the first quarter of 2012, compared to 46 days in the prior quarter and 38 days in the first quarter of 2011.
For the three months ended March 31, 2012, Juniper repurchased 2.4 million shares, at an average share price of $21.75 per share, for a total of $51.6 million, which largely offset stock issued through our employee equity programs.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the first quarter of 2012, were $82.0 million and $43.4 million, respectively.
Outlook
Looking ahead, we will manage the business assuming the near-term environment requires continued caution. We will remain focused on executing our strategy while maintaining a balanced approach for both the long and near term.
 
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, impairment charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Change in Segment Reporting
Beginning with our results for the first quarter of 2012, Juniper is aligning the financial reporting of our business segments to the Company's current organizational structure and the Company's focus on our platform and software strategy. Juniper will continue to report its business in two segments, and we will continue to provide revenue by segment, with product details for routing, switching, and security/other as well as services. Juniper will also continue to provide revenue details by geographic region and by market, and the historical amounts for these categorizations have not changed.
 
In addition to improved operational accountability and management, we believe the change will provide investors with increased financial reporting transparency, as the changes in segment reporting will enable better insight into the market and performance trends driving the Company's business. The two reportable segments are the Platforms Systems Division, or PSD, and the Software Solutions Division, or SSD. A summary showing PSD and SSD 2011 and 2010 quarterly revenues on a basis consistent with our new reporting structure is included in Appendix 1.
Juniper's PSD segment primarily offers scalable routing and switching products that are used in service provider, enterprise, and public sector networks to control and direct network traffic from data centers, core, edge, aggregation, campus, WANs, branch, and customer premise equipment level. Our SSD segment offers solutions that meet a broad array of our customers' priorities, from protecting the users, applications and data on the network to providing network services across a distributed infrastructure.
The PSD segment aligns primarily with the Infrastructure segment as previously reported. However, the PSD segment includes revenues from certain security-related products, such as our branch SRX, branch firewall, and J Series products, which Juniper historically reported in our Services Layer Technologies (SLT) segment. In addition, the PSD segment excludes revenues from other software and services-related products, including Routing Services Software and Mobile Applications (such as MobileNext), which Juniper previously reported in our Infrastructure segment, but which are now reflected in the new SSD segment.
Our PSD segment consists of routing, switching, and security/other products and services. Routing includes products and services from the E, M, MX, PTX, T Series, and ACX (shipping in H2 2012) router families. Switching primarily consists of products and services for EX Series and wireless local area network solutions, as well as QFabric. Security/other includes products and services from the branch SRX, branch firewall, and J-Series product families, as well as the network application platform, Junos Space.
Juniper's new SSD segment aligns primarily with the SLT segment as previously reported. However, the SSD segment also includes revenues from other software and services-related products which were previously reported in the Infrastructure segment, including Routing Services Software and Mobile Applications (such as MobileNext). It also excludes the revenues from certain security-related products, such as the branch SRX, branch firewall, and J Series product families, as well as the network application platform, Junos Space, which are now reflected in the new PSD segment.
The SSD segment primarily consists of security/other and routing products and services. Security/other includes High-End SRX services and vGW Virtual Gateways, High-End Firewall virtual private network systems and appliances, secure socket layer virtual private network appliances, intrusion detection and prevention appliances, wide area network optimization platforms, and Junos Pulse. Routing primarily consists of Routing Services Software and Mobile Applications (such as MobileNext).
A table showing revenue by product type within each segment is provided as Appendix 2.
A table showing product detail by business segment is provided as Appendix 3
Under our new reporting structure, segment profitability will be measured by "Contribution Margin," which will reflect segment revenues less those expenses which are directly attributable to (and controlled by) the segment organization. Such expenses would typically include costs of revenue, R&D, direct product marketing, and product lifecycle management. A summary showing 2011 and 2010 segment contribution margins on a basis consistent with our new reporting structure is included in Appendix 4.
Under our new segment reporting structure, there also will be amounts which are not allocated to the segments. These "Corporate Unallocated" amounts represent capabilities that are shared by the segments and managed separately at the corporate level. Corporate Unallocated expenses would typically include costs for global functions such as Sales, Corporate Marketing & Communications, Finance, HR, and the CTO organization. A summary showing 2011 and 2010 Corporate Unallocated amounts on a basis consistent with our new reporting structure is included in Appendix 5.
 
Conference Call Web Cast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, April 24, 2012, at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call ten minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The web cast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at ().
Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos and QFabric are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the Company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin; product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; other income and expense, net; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, impairment charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
 
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of common stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the Company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the Company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As indicated in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20120524151447.txt.gz
TIME:20120524151447
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(e) As reported below in Item 5.07, on May 22, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") held its annual meeting of stockholders, at which the Companys stockholders approved an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Amended Equity Plan") to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved under the plan for future issuance by twenty-five million (25,000,000) shares. In addition, the Companys stockholders approved an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Amended ESPP") to increase the maximum number of shares of common stock available for sale under the ESPP by seven million (7,000,000) shares. The Amended Equity Plan and the Amended ESPP (i) were approved by the Companys Board of Directors (the "Board") on March 19, 2012, subject to approval by the Companys stockholders at the Companys 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, and (ii) became effective with such stockholder approval on May 22, 2012. The Companys executive officers are eligible to participate in the Amended Equity Plan and the Amended ESPP. The above descriptions of the Amended Equity Plan and the Amended ESPP do not purport to be complete, and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Amended Equity Plan and the Amended ESPP, respectively, which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
As reported below in Item 5.07, at the Companys annual meeting of stockholders, the Companys stockholders approved the Companys Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the "Certificate") to declassify the Board. The Certificate was approved by the Board on February 14, 2012, subject to approval by the Companys stockholders. The Certificate was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 23, 2012, becoming effective on such date. The above description of the Certificate does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Certificate, which is filed as Exhibit 3.1 hereto and incorporated herein by reference. In addition, as reported in the Companys Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 21, 2012 (the "Prior 8-K"), in connection with the proposed declassification of the Board, subject to and effective upon the approval of the Certificate by the stockholders, the Board amended Sections 3.3 and 3.4 of the Bylaws of the Company (the "Bylaws"). As reported below in Item 5.07, the Companys stockholders approved the Certificate to declassify the Board, and accordingly, the amendments to Section 3.3 and 3.4 of the Bylaws, which were approved and adopted by the Board on February 14, 2012, as specified in the Prior 8-K became effective as of May 22, 2012. The above description of the Bylaws does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Bylaws, which are filed as Exhibit 3.2 hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
(a) - (b) As described in Items 5.02 and 5.03 above, the Company held its annual meeting of stockholders on May 22, 2012, at which the Companys stockholders voted upon the following proposals described in the Companys 2012 proxy statement, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 11, 2012: (1) to elect Scott Kriens, William R. Stensrud and Mercedes Johnson to serve as Class I directors for a term of three years; (2) to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Companys independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012; (3) to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan that increases the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by twenty-five million (25,000,000) shares; (4) to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan that increases the maximum number of shares available for sale thereunder by seven million (7,000,000); (5) to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Juniper Networks, Inc. to declassify the Board; and (6) to hold a non-binding advisory vote regarding executive compensation. All nominated directors were elected, and the other proposals were approved by the required stockholder vote. The final number of shares voted with respect to each proposal is as set forth below. (1) Proposal for election of Class I directors*: Scott Kriens For: 416,990,777; Withheld: 13,184,898 William R. Stensrud For: 408,226,427; Withheld: 21,949,248 Mercedes Johnson For: 422,760,372; Withheld: 7,415,303 *results exclude 35,944,168 broker non-votes (2) Proposal to ratify Ernst & Young LLP as auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012: For: 456,855,434; Against: 8,924,414; Abstain: 339,995 (3) Proposal to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan that increases the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder by twenty-five million (25,000,000) shares*: For: 249,083,169; Against: 180,229,150; Abstain: 863,356 *results exclude 35,944,168 broker non-votes (4) Proposal to approve an amendment to the Juniper Networks, Inc. 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan that increases the maximum number of shares available for sale thereunder by seven million (7,000,000)*: For: 420,890,815; Against: 9,100,748; Abstain: 184,112 *results exclude 35,944,168 broker non-votes (5) Proposal to amend the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Juniper Networks, Inc. to declassify the Board *: For: 428,533,811; Against: 1,302,521; Abstain: 339,343 *results exclude 35,944,168 broker non-votes (6) Proposal to approve a non-binding advisory resolution on the compensation of the named executive officers of the Company*: For: 287,202,088; Against: 142,558,695; Abstain: 414,892 *results exclude 35,944,168 broker non-votes
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Juniper Networks, Inc. 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Juniper Networks, Inc. 10.1 Juniper Networks, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended++ 10.2 Juniper Networks, Inc. 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended++ ++ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

EXHIBIT 3.1
Juniper Networks, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:
FIRST: The name of the corporation is Juniper Networks, Inc. The corporation was originally incorporated under the same name and the original Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 10, 1997.
SECOND: Pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, this Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation.
THIRD: The terms and provisions of this Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation have been duly adopted in accordance with Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware by the Board of Directors and the stockholders of the corporation.
FOURTH: ARTICLE SEVENTH of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation is hereby amended to read in its entirety as follows:
The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation shall be vested in its Board of Directors. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be designated in the Bylaws of the Corporation.
Each director shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, no terms in effect prior to the effective date of this amendment shall be shortened.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, (i) at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders, (ii) at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders, and (iii) at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders and each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each director shall serve until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her death, resignation, or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.
Any vacancies on the Board of Directors resulting from death, resignation, disqualification, removal, or other causes shall be filled by either (i) the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the "Voting Stock") voting together as a single class; or (ii) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors. Newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors shall, unless the Board of Directors determines by resolution that any such newly created directorship shall be filled by the stockholders, be filled only by the affirmative vote of the directors then in office, even though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors. Any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the new directorship was created or the vacancy occurred and until such director's successor shall have been elected and qualified.
The affirmative vote of sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of Voting Stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the adoption, amendment or repeal of the following sections of the Corporation's Bylaws by the stockholders of the Corporation: 2.2 (Annual Meeting) and 2.3 (Special Meeting).
No action shall be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation except at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders called in accordance with the Bylaws.
Any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any time (i) with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock, voting together as a single class; or (ii) without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of the Voting Stock.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed by the undersigned duly authorized officer, effective as of May 22, 2012.
JUNIPER NETWORKS, INC.
By: Kevin Johnson Chief Executive Officer
/s/ Kevin Jonson
      

EXHIBIT 3.2
1.1 REGISTERED OFFICE
The registered office of the Corporation shall be 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801. The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such location is The Corporation Trust Company.
1.2 OTHER OFFICES
The board of directors may at any time establish other offices at any place or places where the Corporation is qualified to do business.
2.1 PLACE OF MEETINGS
Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the State of Delaware, designated by the board of directors. In the absence of any such designation, stockholders' meetings shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation. The board of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that a meeting of stockholders shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote communication as authorized by Section 211(a)(2) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
2.2 ANNUAL MEETING
The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held each year on a date and at a time designated by the board of directors. At the meeting, directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.
2.3 SPECIAL MEETING
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the (i) board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Whole Board, (ii) the chairman of the board, (iii) the president, or (iv) the chief executive officer, but a special meeting may not be called by any other person or persons. For purposes of these bylaws, the term "Whole Board" shall mean the total number of authorized directors whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships. The board of directors, acting pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the Whole Board, may cancel, postpone or reschedule any previously scheduled special meeting at any time, before or after the notice for such meeting has been sent to the stockholders.
If a special meeting is called by any person other than the board of directors, the request shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice. The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the time requested by the person or persons who called the meeting, not less than thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when a meeting of stockholders called by action of the board of directors may be held.
2.4 NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEETINGS
All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.6 of these Bylaws not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice shall specify the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.
2.5 ADVANCE NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDER BUSINESS AND DIRECTOR NOMINATIONS BY STOCKHOLDERS
(i) At an annual meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been properly brought before the meeting. To be properly brought before an annual meeting business must brought: (A) pursuant to the Corporation's proxy materials with respect to such meeting, (B) by or at the direction of the board of directors, or (C) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(i) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has timely complied in proper written form with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(i). In addition, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, such business must be a proper matter for stockholder action pursuant to these bylaws and applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, clause (C) above shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to bring business before an annual meeting of stockholders.
(a) To comply with clause (C) of Section 2.5(i) above, a stockholder's notice must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(i) and must be timely received by the secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the one-year anniversary of the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials (whichever is earlier) for the preceding year's annual meeting; , , that in the event that no annual meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year's annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder to be timely, it must be so received by the secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting, or (ii) the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement (as defined below) of the date of such annual meeting is first made. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time period for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described in this Section 2.5(i)(a). "Public Announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release released on Business Wire and/or reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or a comparable national news and/or wire service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor thereto (the "1934 Act").
provided
however
(b) To be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth as to each matter of business the stockholder intends to bring before the annual meeting: (1) a brief description of the business intended to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (2) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing such business and any Stockholder Associated Person (as defined below), (3) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person, (4) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit from share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person with respect to any securities of the Corporation, (5) any material interest of the stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person in such business, and (6) a statement whether either such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's voting shares required under applicable law to carry the proposal (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (1) through (6), a "Business Solicitation Statement"). In addition, to be in proper written form, a stockholder's notice to the secretary must be supplemented not later than ten days following the record date to disclose the information contained in clauses (3) and (4) above as of the record date. For purposes of this Section 2.5, a "Stockholder Associated Person" of any stockholder shall mean (i) any person controlling, directly or indirectly, or acting in concert with, such stockholder, (ii) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record or beneficially by such stockholder and on whose behalf the proposal or nomination, as the case may be, is being made, or (iii) any person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person referred to in the preceding clauses (i) and (ii).
(c) Without exception, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(i) and, if applicable, Section 2.5(ii). In addition, business proposed to be brought by a stockholder may not be brought before the annual meeting if such stockholder or a Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business or if the Business Solicitation Statement applicable to such business contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that business was not properly brought before the annual meeting and in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.5(i), and, if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting that any such business not properly brought before the annual meeting shall not be conducted.
(ii) Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii) shall be eligible for election or re-election as directors at an annual meeting of stockholders. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors of the Corporation shall be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (A) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (B) by a stockholder of the Corporation who (1) was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(ii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting and (2) has complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the secretary of the Corporation.
(a) To comply with clause (B) of Section 2.5(ii) above, a nomination to be made by a stockholder must set forth all information required under this Section 2.5(ii) and must be received by the secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation at the time set forth in, and in accordance with, the final three sentences of Section 2.5(i)(a) above.
(b) To be in proper written form, such stockholder's notice to the secretary must set forth:
(1) as to each person (a "nominee") whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (C) the class and number of shares of the Corporation that are held of record or are beneficially owned by the nominee and any derivative positions held or beneficially held by the nominee, (D) whether and the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or series of transactions has been entered into by or on behalf of the nominee with respect to any securities of the Corporation, and a description of any other agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares), the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, or to manage the risk or benefit of share price changes for, or to increase or decrease the voting power of the nominee, (E) a description of all arrangements or understandings between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nominations are to be made by the stockholder, (F) a written statement executed by the nominee acknowledging that as a director of the Corporation, the nominee will owe a fiduciary duty under Delaware law with respect to the Corporation and its stockholders, and (G) any other information relating to the nominee that would be required to be disclosed about such nominee if proxies were being solicited for the election of the nominee as a director, or that is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the 1934 Act (including without limitation the nominee's written consent to being named in the proxy statement, if any, as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); and
(2) as to such stockholder giving notice, (A) the information required to be provided pursuant to clauses (2) through (5) of Section 2.5(i)(b) above, and the supplement referenced in the second sentence of Section 2.5(i)(b) above (except that the references to "business" in such clauses shall instead refer to nominations of directors for purposes of this paragraph), and (B) a statement whether either such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person will deliver a proxy statement and form of proxy to holders of a number of the Corporation's voting shares reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person to be necessary to elect such nominee(s) (such information provided and statements made as required by clauses (A) and (B) above, a "Nominee Solicitation Statement").
(c) At the request of the board of directors, any person nominated by a stockholder for election as a director must furnish to the secretary of the Corporation (1) that information required to be set forth in the stockholder's notice of nomination of such person as a director as of a date subsequent to the date on which the notice of such person's nomination was given and (2) such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee; in the absence of the furnishing of such information if requested, such stockholder's nomination shall not be considered in proper form pursuant to this Section 2.5(ii).
(d) Without exception, no person shall be eligible for election or re-election as a director of the Corporation at an annual meeting of stockholders unless nominated in accordance with the provisions set forth in this Section 2.5(ii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. The chairperson of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the annual meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the provisions prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the annual meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
(iii) Advance Notice of Director Nominations for Special Meetings.
(a) For a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to Section 2.3, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors shall be made only (1) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (2) by any stockholder of the Corporation who (A) is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of the notice required by this Section 2.5(iii) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting and (B) delivers a timely written notice of the nomination to the secretary of the Corporation that includes the information set forth in Sections 2.5(ii)(b) and (ii)(c) above. To be timely, such notice must be received by the secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the board of directors to be elected at such meeting. A person shall not be eligible for election or re-election as a director at a special meeting unless the person is nominated (i) by or at the direction of the board of directors or (ii) by a stockholder in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.5(iii). In addition, a nominee shall not be eligible for election or re-election if a stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person, as applicable, takes action contrary to the representations made in the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee or if the Nominee Solicitation Statement applicable to such nominee contains an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
(b) The chairperson of the special meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare at the meeting that a nomination or business was not made in accordance with the procedures prescribed by these bylaws, and if the chairperson should so determine, he or she shall so declare at the meeting, and the defective nomination or business shall be disregarded.
(iv) Other Requirements and Rights.
In addition to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, a stockholder must also comply with all applicable requirements of state law and of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.5. Nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any right of the Corporation to omit a proposal from the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 (or any successor provision) under the 1934 Act and nothing in this Section 2.5 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act.
2.6 MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF NOTICE
Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
2.7 QUORUM
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, then either (i) the chairman of the meeting, or (ii) the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed.
When a quorum is present or represented at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provisions of the statutes, the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, the applicable stock exchange or the rules of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of the question.
2.8 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, unless these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
2.9 VOTING
The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Sections 2.12 and 2.14 of these Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries, pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting agreements).
Except as may be otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder.
2.10 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
2.11 STOCKHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Notwithstanding the following provisions of this Section 2.11, effective upon the listing of the Common Stock of the Corporation on the Nasdaq Stock Market and the registration of any class of securities of the Corporation pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the stockholders of the Corporation may not take action by written consent without a meeting but must take any such actions at a duly called annual or special meeting.
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2.11, any action required by this chapter to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of a Corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted.
Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. If the action which is consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.12 RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDER NOTICE; VOTING; GIVING CONSENTS
In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action.
If the board of directors does not so fix a record date, the fixing of such record date shall be governed by the provisions of Section 213 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
2.13 PROXIES
Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for him by a written proxy, signed by the stockholder and filed with the secretary of the Corporation, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the stockholder's name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder's attorney-in-fact. The revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212(c) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
2.14 LIST OF STOCKHOLDERS ENTITLED TO VOTE
The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of a Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The stock ledger shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders and of the number of shares held by each such stockholder.
2.15 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the president, or in his absence by a vice president, or in the absence of the foregoing persons by a chairman designated by the board of directors, or in the absence of such designation by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting, including such matters as the regulation of the manner of voting and conduct of business.
3.1 POWERS
Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and any limitations in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the direction of the board of directors.
3.2 NUMBER AND ELECTION
The authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall be ten (10). No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any director before that director's term of office expires.
Effective as of the first meeting of stockholders at which the directors will be elected following the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to the nominee at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided that, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast on the election of directors at the 2012 annual meeting of stockholders and at any meeting for which (i) the Secretary receives a notice of a stockholder's intention to nominate a person or persons for election to the board of directors in compliance with the advance notice provisions of Section 2.5 of these Bylaws and (ii) such nomination has not been withdrawn by such stockholder on or before the fourteenth (14th) day preceding the date the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting of stockholders. For purposes of this Section, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted "for" a director must exceed the number of votes cast "against" that director.
3.3 CLASSES OF DIRECTORS
Each director shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, no terms in effect prior to the effective date of this amendment shall be shortened.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding, (i) at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders, (ii) at the 2014 annual meeting of stockholders, the directors whose terms expire at that meeting shall be elected to hold office for a one-year term expiring at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders, and (iii) at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders and each annual meeting of stockholders thereafter, all directors shall be elected to hold office for one-year terms expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, each director shall serve until his successor is duly elected and qualified or until his earlier death, resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.
3.4 RESIGNATION AND VACANCIES
Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Stockholders may remove directors with or without cause. Any vacancy occurring in the board of directors with or without cause may be filled by (i) a majority of the remaining members of the board of directors, although such majority is less than a quorum, or (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting together as a single class, and each director so elected shall hold office until the expiration of the term of office of the director whom he has replaced.
Unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws:
(i) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.
(ii) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.
If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the Corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the person or estate of a stockholder, may apply to the Court of Chancery for a decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as applicable.
3.5 PLACE OF MEETINGS; MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE
The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.
3.6 REGULAR MEETINGS
Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.
3.7 SPECIAL MEETINGS; NOTICE
Special meetings of the board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary or any two directors.
Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone to each director, (ii) sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, (iii) sent by facsimile, or (iv) sent by electronic mail, directed to each director at that director's address, telephone number, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as the case may be, as it is shown on the records of the Corporation.
If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 4 days before the time of the holding of the meeting. If the notice is (i) delivered personally by hand, by courier or by telephone, (ii) sent by facsimile, or (iii) sent by electronic mail, it shall be delivered or sent at least 24 hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice may be communicated to the director. The notice need not specify the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation, or the purpose of the meeting.
3.8 QUORUM
At all meetings of the board of directors, a majority of the authorized number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation. A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.
3.9 WAIVER OF NOTICE
Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of notice unless so required by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws.
3.10 ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE
If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the board of directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is present.
3.11 CONDUCT OF BUSINESS
Meetings of the board of directors shall be presided over by the chairman of the board, if any, or in his absence by the chief executive officer, or in their absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting. The chairman of any meeting shall determine the order of business and the procedures at the meeting.
3.12 BOARD ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT WITHOUT A MEETING
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, or by electronic transmission and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
3.13 FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.
3.14 REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS
Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. If at any time a class or series of shares is entitled to elect one or more directors, the provisions of this Article 3.14 shall apply to the vote of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole.
3.15 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
At least two-thirds of the members of the board of directors must be independent as defined by the requirements of the exchange on which the Corporation's securities are listed and any other requirements of applicable law, provided, that in the event one or more directors become non-independent or resign and such change causes the proportion of independent directors to be less than two-thirds of the board of directors, the Corporation shall have 150 days from the effective date of such determination or resignation to elect a new independent director. For purposes of this Section 3.15, "independence" shall be determined in accordance with the then applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the primary stock exchange on which the Corporation's stock is traded.
4.1 COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS
The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, with each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority to (i) amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the board of directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, fix any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation), (ii) adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, (iii) recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, (iv) recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or (v) amend the Bylaws of the Corporation; and, unless the board resolution establishing the committee, the Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock, or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
4.2 COMMITTEE MINUTES
Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.
4.3 MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of these Bylaws, Section 3.5 (place of meetings and meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7 (special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of notice), Section 3.10 (adjournment and notice of adjournment), Section 3.11 (conduct of business) and 3.12 (action without a meeting), with such changes in the context of those Bylaws as are necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the board of directors and its members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees may also be called by resolution of the board of directors and that notice of special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee. The board of directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.
5.1 OFFICERS
The officers of the Corporation shall be a chief executive officer, one or more vice presidents, a secretary and a chief financial officer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chairman of the board, a president, a chief operating officer, one or more executive, senior or assistant vice presidents, assistant secretaries and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
5.2 APPOINTMENT OF OFFICERS
Except as otherwise provided in this Section 5.2, the officers of the Corporation shall be appointed by the board of directors, subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment. The board of directors may appoint, or empower an officer to appoint, such officers and agents of the business as the Corporation may require (whether or not such officer or agent is described in this Article V), each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the board of directors may from time to time determine. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors or may be filled by the officer, if any, who appointed such officer.
5.3 REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS
Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an affirmative vote of the majority of the board of directors at any regular or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the board of directors or, in the case of an officer appointed by another officer, by such other officer.
Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Corporation under any contract to which the officer is a party.
5.4 CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
The chairman of the board, if such an officer be elected, shall, if present, preside at meetings of the board of directors and exercise and perform such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors or as may be prescribed by these Bylaws. If there is no chief executive officer, then the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer of the Corporation and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 5.5 of these Bylaws.
5.5 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
The Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation shall, subject to the control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and the officers of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or nonexistence of a Chairman of the Board at all meetings of the Board of Directors. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the chief executive officer of a Corporation, including general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.
The Chief Executive Officer shall, without limitation, have the authority to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.
5.6 PRESIDENT
Subject to such supervisory powers as may be given by these Bylaws or the Board of Directors to the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, if there be such officers, the president shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business and supervision of other officers of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws. In the event a Chief Executive Officer shall not be appointed, the President shall have the duties of such office.
5.7 VICE PRESIDENT
In the absence or disability of the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the board of directors, shall perform all the duties of the chief executive officer and when so acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the chief executive officer. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of directors, these Bylaws, the chief executive officer or the chairman of the board.
5.8 SECRETARY
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or such other place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors, committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time and place of each meeting, whether regular or special (and, if special, how authorized and the notice given), the names of those present at directors' meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented at stockholders' meetings, and the proceedings thereof.
The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive office of the Corporation or at the office of the Corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for cancellation. The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and of the board of directors required to be given by law or by these Bylaws. He shall keep the seal of the Corporation, if one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or by these Bylaws.
5.9 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
The chief financial officer shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, capital, retained earnings and shares. The books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any director.
The chief financial officer shall deposit all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositaries as may be designated by the board of directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to the chief executive officer and directors, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or these Bylaws.
5.10 ASSISTANT SECRETARY
The assistant secretary, or, if there is more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the stockholders or board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his or her inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors or the stockholders may from time to time prescribe.
5.11 AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OFFICERS
In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the Corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties in the management of the business of the Corporation as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or the stockholders.
6.1 THIRD PARTY ACTIONS
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or an agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorney's fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
6.2 ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION
The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorney's fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.
6.3 SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE
To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.
6.4 DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT
Any indemnification under Sections 6.1 and 6.2 (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2. Such determination shall be made (1) by the board of Directors or the Executive Committee by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (2) or if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.
6.5 PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE
Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VI.
6.6 INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE
The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided or granted pursuant to the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights or limiting any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, certificate of incorporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another while holding such office.
6.7 INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION
The Corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, any predecessor of the Corporation, or any subsidiary of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.
6.8 THE CORPORATION
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "the Corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting Corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 6.4) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
6.9 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS
For purposes of this Article VI, references to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans; references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the request of the Corporation" shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably deemed to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation" as referred to in this Article VI.
6.10 CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES
The indemnification and advanced of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VI shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.
6.11 INDEMNITY FUND
Upon resolution passed by the Board, the Corporation may create a trust fund, grant a security interest and/or use other means (including, without limitation, letters of credit, surety bonds and/or similar arrangements), to ensure the payment of certain of its obligations arising under this Article VI and/or agreements which may be entered into between the Corporation and its officers and/or directors from time to time.
7.1 MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF RECORDS
The Corporation shall, either at its principal executive office or at such place or places as designated by the board of directors, keep a record of its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to date, accounting books, and other records.
Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person's interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.
7.2 INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS
Any director shall have the right to examine the Corporation's stock ledger, a list of its stockholders and its other books and records for a purpose reasonably related to his position as a director. The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may summarily order the Corporation to permit the director to inspect any and all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
7.3 REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER CORPORATIONS
The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, any vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant secretary of this Corporation, or any other person authorized by the board of directors or the chief executive officer or a vice president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of this Corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other corporation or corporations standing in the name of this Corporation. The authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly executed by such person having the authority.
8.1 CHECKS
From time to time, the board of directors shall determine by resolution which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that are issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, and only the persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.
8.2 EXECUTION OF CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS
The board of directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or for any amount.
8.3 STOCK CERTIFICATES; PARTLY PAID SHARES
The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the board of directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the board of directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the chairman or vice-chairman of the board of directors, or the president or vice-president, and by the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or an assistant secretary of such Corporation representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
The Corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the Corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares, the Corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration actually paid thereon.
8.4 SPECIAL DESIGNATION ON CERTIFICATES
If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to this Section 8.4 or Sections 156, 202(a) or 218(a) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware or with respect to this Section 8.4 a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the rights and obligations of the holders of uncertificated stock and the rights and obligations of the holders of certificates representing stock of the same class and series shall be identical.
8.5 LOST CERTIFICATES
Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and cancelled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.
8.6 CONSTRUCTION; DEFINITIONS
Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number includes the singular, and the term "person" includes both a Corporation and a natural person.
8.7 DIVIDENDS
The directors of the Corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital stock pursuant to the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the Corporation's capital stock.
The directors of the Corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of the Corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, and meeting contingencies.
8.8 FISCAL YEAR
The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors and may be changed by the board of directors.
8.9 SEAL
The Corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.
8.10 TRANSFER OF STOCK
Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its books.
8.11 STOCK TRANSFER AGREEMENTS
The Corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the Corporation of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
8.12 REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS
The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.
The original or other Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the Corporation may, in its Certificate of Incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.
If it should be deemed advisable in the judgment of the board of directors of the Corporation that the Corporation should be dissolved, the board, after the adoption of a resolution to that effect by a majority of the whole board at any meeting called for that purpose, shall cause notice to be mailed to each stockholder entitled to vote thereon of the adoption of the resolution and of a meeting of stockholders to take action upon the resolution.
At the meeting a vote shall be taken for and against the proposed dissolution. If a majority of the outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon votes for the proposed dissolution, then a certificate stating that the dissolution has been authorized in accordance with the provisions of Section 275 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and setting forth the names and residences of the directors and officers shall be executed, acknowledged, and filed and shall become effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Upon such certificate's becoming effective in accordance with Section 103 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, the Corporation shall be dissolved.
11.1 APPOINTMENT OF A CUSTODIAN IN CERTAIN CASES
The Court of Chancery, upon application of any stockholder, may appoint one or more persons to be custodians and, if the Corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and for the Corporation when:
(i) at any meeting held for the election of directors the stockholders are so divided that they have failed to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon qualification of their successors; or
(ii) the business of the Corporation is suffering or is threatened with irreparable injury because the directors are so divided respecting the management of the affairs of the Corporation that the required vote for action by the board of directors cannot be obtained and the stockholders are unable to terminate this division; or
(iii) the Corporation has abandoned its business and has failed within a reasonable time to take steps to dissolve, liquidate or distribute its assets.
11.2 DUTIES OF CUSTODIAN
The custodian shall have all the powers and title of a receiver appointed under Section 291 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, but the authority of the custodian shall be to continue the business of the Corporation and not to liquidate its affairs and distribute its assets, except when the Court of Chancery otherwise orders and except in cases arising under Sections 226(a)(3) or 352(a)(2) of the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
Subject to applicable law, the Corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the Corporation or of its subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a Director of the Corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit the Corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be with or without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge of shares of stock of the Corporation. Nothing in this Bylaw shall be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the Corporation at common law or under any statute.

EXHIBIT 10.1
1.   The purposes of this Equity Incentive Plan are to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to Service Providers and Outside Directors and to promote the success of the Company's business.
Purposes of the Plan
.
Awards to Service Providers granted hereunder may be Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units or Dividend Equivalents, at the discretion of the Administrator and as reflected in the terms of the written option agreement. This Equity Incentive Plan also provides for the automatic, non-discretionary award of Nonstatutory Stock Options to Outside Directors.
2.   As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:
Definitions
.
(a) shall mean the Board or any of its Committees as shall be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan.
"
Administrator
"
(b) shall mean the Company's or a business unit's net sales for the Fiscal Year, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
"
Annual Revenue
"
(c) shall mean the legal requirements relating to the administration of equity incentive plans under California corporate and securities laws and the Code.
"
Applicable Laws
"
(d) shall mean, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units or Dividend Equivalents.
"
Award
"
(e) shall mean the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
"
Award Agreement
"
(f) shall mean the Common Stock subject to an Award.
"
Awarded Stock
"
(g) shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
"
Board
"
(h) shall mean the Company's level of cash and cash equivalents.
"
Cash Position
"
(i) shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
"
Code
"
(j) shall mean the Common Stock of the Company.
"
Common Stock
"
(k) shall mean the Committee appointed by the Board of Directors or a sub-committee appointed by the Board's designated committee in accordance with Section 4(a) of the Plan, if one is appointed.
"
Committee
"
(l) shall mean Juniper Networks, Inc.
"
Company
"
(m) shall mean any person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary to render services and who is compensated for such services; provided, however, that the term "Consultant" shall not include Outside Directors, unless such Outside Directors are compensated for services to the Company other than through payment of director's fees and Option grants under Section 11 hereof.
"
Consultant
"
(n) means that the Director relationship is not interrupted or terminated.
"
Continuous Status as a Director
"
(o) means a deferred stock unit Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 16.
"
Deferred Stock Unit
"
(p) shall mean a member of the Board.
"
Director
"
(q) means total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code.
"
Disability
"
(r) shall mean a credit, payable in cash, made at the discretion of the Administrator, to the account of a Participant in an amount equal to the cash dividends paid on one Share for each Share represented by an Award held by such Participant. Dividend Equivalents may be subject to the same vesting restrictions as the related Shares subject to an Award, at the discretion of the Administrator.
"
Dividend Equivalent
"
(s) shall mean any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. An Employee shall not cease to be an Employee in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, any Subsidiary, or any successor. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed ninety days, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then three (3) months following the 91st day of such leave any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant shall cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and shall be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option.
"
Employee
"
(t) shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
"
Exchange Act
"
(u) shall mean, as of any date, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:
"
Fair Market Value
"
(i) If the Common Stock is listed on a stock exchange, the fair market value per Share shall be the closing price on such exchange, as reported in the Wall Street Journal on the date of determination or, if the date of determination is not a trading day, the immediately preceding trading day;
(ii) If there is a public market for the Common Stock, the fair market value per Share shall be the mean of the bid and asked prices, or closing price in the event quotations for the Common Stock are reported on the National Market System, of the Common Stock on the date of determination, as reported in the Wall Street Journal (or, if not so reported, as otherwise reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation (NASDAQ) System); or
(iii) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by the Administrator.
(v) shall mean a fiscal year of the Company.
"
Fiscal Year
"
(w) shall mean a grant of Restricted Stock, a Restricted Stock Unit, a Performance Share or a Deferred Stock Unit hereunder.
"
Full Value Award
"
(x) shall mean an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code.
"
Incentive Stock Option
"
(y) shall mean an Option not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.
"
Nonstatutory Stock Option
"
(z) shall mean a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
"
Officer
"
(aa) shall mean a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.
"
Option
"
(bb) shall mean the Common Stock subject to an Option.
"
Optioned Stock
"
(cc) means a Director who is not an Employee or Consultant.
"
Outside Director
"
(dd) shall mean a "parent corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
"
Parent
"
(ee) shall mean an Employee or Consultant who receives an Award.
"
Participant
"
(ff) shall mean the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Administrator (in its discretion) to be applicable to a Participant with respect to an Award. As determined by the Administrator, the performance measures for any performance period will be any one or more of the following objective performance criteria, applied to either the Company as a whole or, except with respect to stockholder return metrics, to a region, business unit, affiliate or business segment, and measured either on an absolute basis or relative to a pre-established target, to a previous period's results or to a designated comparison group, and, with respect to financial metrics, which may be determined in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (""), in accordance with accounting principles established by the International Accounting Standards Board ("") or which may be adjusted when established to exclude any items otherwise includable under GAAP or under IASB Principles: (i) cash flow (including operating cash flow or free cash flow), (ii) cash position, (iii) revenue (on an absolute basis or adjusted for currency effects), (iv) revenue growth, (v) contribution margin, (vi) gross margin, (vii) operating margin (viii) operating expenses or operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, (ix) earnings (which may include earnings before interest and taxes, earnings before taxes and net earnings), (x) earnings per share, (xi) operating income, (xii) net income, (xiii) stock price, (xiv) return on equity, (xv) total stockholder return, (xvi) growth in stockholder value relative to a specified publicly reported index (such as the S&P 500 Index), (xvii) return on capital, (xviii) return on assets or net assets, (xix) return on investment, (xx) economic value added, (xxi) operating profit or net operating profit, (xxii) operating margin, (xxiii) market share, (xxiv) contract awards or backlog, (xxv) overhead or other expense reduction, (xxvi) credit rating, (xxvii) objective customer indicators, (xxviii) new product invention or innovation, (xxix) attainment of research and development milestones, (xxx) improvements in productivity, (xxxi) attainment of objective operating goals, and (xxxii) objective employee metrics. The Performance Goals may differ from Participant to Participant and from Award to Award. In particular, the Administrator may appropriately adjust any evaluation of performance under a Performance Goal to exclude (a) any extraordinary non-recurring items, (b) the affect of any merger, acquisition, or other business combination or divestiture or (ii) the effect of any changes in accounting principles affecting the Company's or a business units', region's, affiliate's or business segment's reported results.
"
Performance Goals
"
GAAP
IASB Principles
(gg) shall mean a performance share Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 14.
"
Performance Share
"
(hh) means a performance unit Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 15.
"
Performance Unit
"
(ii) shall mean this 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.
"
Plan
"
(jj) shall mean the minimum vesting requirements for Full Value Awards under Plan Section 4(b)(vi) hereunder.
"
Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements
"
(kk) shall mean a restricted stock Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Section 11.
"
Restricted Stock
"
(ll) shall mean a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 13. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company.
"
Restricted Stock Unit
"
(mm) shall mean Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan.
"
Rule 16b-3
"
(nn)  shall mean Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
"
Section 16(b)
"
(oo) means an Employee or Consultant.
"
Service Provider
"
(pp) shall mean a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 21 of the Plan.
"
Share
"
(qq) or "" shall mean a stock appreciation right granted pursuant to Section 9 below.
"
Stock Appreciation Right
"
SAR
(rr) shall mean a "subsidiary corporation", whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
"
Subsidiary
"
3.   Subject to the provisions of Section 21 of the Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares which may be optioned and sold under the Plan is 149,500,000 shares of Common Stock plus any Shares subject to any options under the Company's 2000 Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan and 1996 Stock Incentive Plan that are outstanding on the date this Plan becomes effective and that subsequently expire unexercisedup to a maximum of an additional 75,000,000 Shares. All of the shares issuable under the Plan may be authorized, but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock.
Stock Subject to the Plan
.
,
Any Shares subject to Options or SARs shall be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as one Share for every Share subject thereto. Any Shares subject to Performance Shares, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units with a per share or unit purchase price lower than 100% of Fair Market Value on the date of grant shall be counted against the numerical limits of this Section 3 as two and one-tenth Shares for every one Share subject thereto. To the extent that a Share that was subject to an Award that counted as two and one-tenth Shares against the Plan reserve pursuant to the preceding sentence is recycled back into the Plan under the next paragraph of this Section 3, the Plan shall be credited with two and one-tenth Shares.
If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units, is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company at its original purchase price due to such Award failing to vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options and SARs, the forfeited or repurchased shares) which were subject thereto shall become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). With respect to SARs, when an SAR is exercised, the shares subject to a SAR grant agreement shall be counted against the numerical limits of Section 3 above, as one share for every share subject thereto, regardless of the number of shares used to settle the SAR upon exercise (i.e., shares withheld to satisfy the exercise price of an SAR shall not remain available for issuance under the Plan). Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award shall not be returned to the Plan and shall not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Restricted Stock Units are repurchased by the Company at their original purchase price or are forfeited to the Company due to such Awards failing to vest, such Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Option shall not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. Shares used to satisfy tax withholding obligations shall not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than stock, such cash payment shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Any payout of Dividend Equivalents or Performance Units, because they are payable only in cash, shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Conversely, any forfeiture of Dividend Equivalents or Performance Units shall not increase the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan.
4. 
Administration of the Plan
.
(a) 
Procedure
.
(i)   If permitted by Applicable Laws, the Plan may be administered by different bodies with respect to Directors, Officers who are not Directors, and Employees who are neither Directors nor Officers.
Multiple Administrative Bodies
.
(ii)   To the extent that the Administrator determines it to be desirable to qualify Awards granted hereunder as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Plan shall be administered by a Committee consisting solely of two or more "outside directors" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
Section 162(m)
.
(iii)   With respect to Option grants made to Employees who are also Officers subject to Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board, if the Board may administer the Plan in compliance with Rule 16b-3, or (B) a committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan, which committee shall be constituted to comply with Rule 16b-3. Once appointed, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. From time to time the Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members, remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by Rule 16b-3.
Administration With Respect to Officers Subject to Section 16(b)
.
(iv)   With respect to Award grants made to Employees or Consultants who are not Officers of the Company, the Plan shall be administered by (A) the Board, (B) a committee designated by the Board, or (C) a sub-committee designated by the designated committee, which committee or sub-committee shall be constituted to satisfy Applicable Laws. Once appointed, such Committee shall serve in its designated capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. The Board may increase the size of the Committee and appoint additional members, remove members (with or without cause) and substitute new members, fill vacancies (however caused), and remove all members of the Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws.
Administration With Respect to Other Persons
.
(v)   Automatic Grants to Outside Directors shall be pursuant to a non-discretionary formula as set forth in Section 11 hereof and therefore shall not be subject to any discretionary administration.
Administration With Respect to Automatic Grants to Outside Directors
.
(b)   Subject to the provisions of the Plan (including the non-discretionary automatic grant to Outside Director provisions of Section 11), and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its discretion:
Powers of the Administrator
.
(i) to determine the Fair Market Value in accordance with Section 2(v) of the Plan;
(ii) to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder;
(iii) to determine whether and to what extent Awards are granted hereunder;
(iv) to determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by each Award granted hereunder;
(v) to approve forms of agreement for use under the Plan;
(vi) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards vest or may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions (subject to compliance with applicable laws, including Code Section 409A), and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the shares of Common Stock relating thereto, based in each case on such factors as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine; provided, however, that with respect to Full Value Awards vesting solely based on continuing as a Service Provider, they will vest in full no earlier (except if accelerated pursuant to Section 21 hereof or pursuant to change of control severance agreements entered into by and between the Company and any Service Provider) than the three (3) year anniversary of the grant date; provided, further, that if vesting is not solely based on continuing as a Service Provider, they will vest in full no earlier (except if accelerated pursuant to Section 21 hereof or pursuant to change of control severance agreements entered into by and between the Company and any Service Provider) than the one (1) year anniversary of the grant date;
(vii) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan;
(viii) to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan;
(ix) to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 7 and Section 24(c) of the Plan);
(x) to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator;
(xi) to determine the terms and restrictions applicable to Awards;
(xii) to determine whether Awards will be adjusted for Dividend Equivalents and whether such Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to vesting; and
(xiii) to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan.
(c)   All decisions, determinations and interpretations of the Administrator shall be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of any Awards granted under the Plan.
Effect of Administrator's Decision
.
(d) 
Exception to Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements
.
(i) Full Value Awards that result in issuing up to 5% of the maximum aggregate number of             shares of Stock authorized for issuance under the Plan (the "") may be granted to any one or more employees or Non-employee Directors without respect to the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements.
5% Limit
(ii) All Full Value Awards that have their vesting discretionarily accelerated, and all Options and SARs that have their vesting discretionarily accelerated 100%, other than, in either case, pursuant to (A) a merger or asset sale transaction described in Section 21(c) hereof (including vesting acceleration in connection with employment termination following such event), (B) a Participant's death, or (C) a Participant's Disability, are subject to the 5% Limit.
(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator may accelerate the vesting of Full Value Awards such that the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements are still satisfied, without such vesting acceleration counting toward the 5% Limit.
(iv) The 5% Limit applies in the aggregate to Full Value Award grants that do not satisfy Plan minimum vesting requirements and to the discretionary vesting acceleration of Awards.
5.   Awards may be granted only to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. A Service Provider who has been granted an Award may, if he or she is otherwise eligible, be granted an additional Award or Awards. Outside Directors may only be granted Awards as specified in Section 11 hereof.
Eligibility
.
6. 
Code Section 
162(m)
Provisions
.
(a)   Subject to Section 7 below, no Participant shall be granted, in any Fiscal Year, Options and Stock Appreciation Rights to purchase more than 2,000,000 Shares; provided, however, that such limit shall be 4,000,000 Shares in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Option and SAR Annual Share Limit
.
(b)   No Participant shall be granted, in any Fiscal Year, more than 1,000,000 Shares in the aggregate of the following: (i) Restricted Stock, (ii) Performance Shares, or (iii) Restricted Stock Units; provided, however, that such limit shall be 2,000,000 Shares in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Restricted Stock, Performance Share and Restricted Stock Unit Annual Limit
.
(c)   No Participant shall receive Performance Units, in any Fiscal Year, having an initial value greater than $2,000,000, provided, however, that such limit shall be $4,000,000 in the Participant's first Fiscal Year of Company service.
Performance Units Annual Limit
.
(d)   For purposes of qualifying grants of Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator, in its discretion, may set restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Performance Goals shall be set by the Administrator on or before the latest date permissible to enable the Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units to qualify as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. In granting Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Restricted Stock Units which are intended to qualify under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Administrator shall follow any procedures determined by it from time to time to be necessary or appropriate to ensure qualification of the Award under Section 162(m) of the Code (e.g., in determining the Performance Goals).
Section 
162(m)
Performance Restrictions
.
(e)   The numerical limitations in Sections 6(a) and (b) shall be adjusted proportionately in connection with any change in the Company's capitalization as described in Section 16(a).
Changes in Capitalization
.
7.   The exercise price for an Option or SAR may not be reduced without the consent of the Company's stockholders. This shall include, without limitation, a repricing of the Option or SAR as well as an Option or SAR exchange program whereby the Participant agrees to cancel an existing Option in exchange for an Option, SAR or other Award. If an Option or SAR is cancelled in the same Fiscal Year in which it was granted (other than in connection with a transaction described in Section 14), the cancelled Option or SAR as well as any replacement Option or SAR will be counted against the limits set forth in section 6(a) above. Moreover, if the exercise price of an Option or SAR is reduced, the transaction will be treated as a cancellation of the Option or SAR and the grant of a new Option or SAR.
No Repricing
.
8. 
Stock Options
.
(a)   Each Option shall be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. However, notwithstanding such designations, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares subject to a Participant's incentive stock options granted by the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary, that become exercisable for the first time during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 8(a), incentive stock options shall be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares shall be determined as of the time of grant.
Type of Option
.
(b)   The term of each Option shall be stated in the Notice of Grant; provided, however, that the term shall be seven (7) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant. Moreover, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option shall be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Notice of Grant.
Term of Option
.
(c) 
Exercise Price and Consideration
.
(i) The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an Option shall be such price as is determined by the Administrator, but shall be subject to the following:
(A) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option
(1) granted to an Employee who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10%) of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(2) granted to any Employee, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(B) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant.
(ii) Except with respect to automatic stock option grants to Outside Directors, the consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an Option, including the method of payment, shall be determined by the Administrator and may consist entirely of cash; check; delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Committee and the broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required; or any combination of such methods of payment, or such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted under Applicable Law.
9. 
Stock Appreciation Rights.
(a)   Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, SARs may be granted to Participants at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(a) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine the number of SARs granted to any Participant.
Grant of SARs
.
(b)   The per share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to exercise of an SAR shall be determined by the Administrator and shall be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant. Otherwise, subject to Section 6(a) of the Plan, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of SARs granted under the Plan; provided, however, that no SAR may have a term of more than seven(=7) years from the date of grant.
Exercise Price and other Terms
.
(c)   Upon exercise of a SAR, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying:
Payment of SAR Amount
.
(i) The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times
(ii) The number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised.
(d)   At the discretion of the Administrator, but only as specified in the Award Agreement, payment for a SAR may be in cash, Shares or a combination thereof. If the Award Agreement is silent as to the form of payment, payment of the SAR may only be in Shares.
Payment upon Exercise of SAR
.
(e)   Each SAR grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the exercise price, the term of the SAR, the conditions of exercise, whether it may be settled in cash, Shares or a combination thereof, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
SAR Agreement
.
(f)   A SAR granted under the Plan shall expire upon the date determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement.
Expiration of SARs
.
10. 
Exercise of Option or SAR
.
(a) .  Any Option or SAR granted hereunder shall be exercisable at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator, including performance criteria with respect to the Company and/or the Participant, and as shall be permissible under the terms of the Plan.
Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Shareholder
An Option or SAR may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share.
An Option or SAR shall be deemed to be exercised when written notice of such exercise has been given to the Company in accordance with the terms of the Option or SAR by the person entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and, with respect to Options only, full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised has been received by the Company. With respect to Options only, full payment may, as authorized by the Administrator, consist of any consideration and method of payment allowable under Section 8(d) of the Plan. Until the issuance (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) of the stock certificate evidencing such Shares, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a shareholder shall exist with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 21 of the Plan.
(b)   If an Employee or Consultant ceases to serve as a Service Provider, he or she may, but only within 90 days (or such other period of time as is determined by the Administrator and as set forth in the Option or SAR Agreement) after the date he or she ceases to be a Service Provider, exercise his or her Option or SAR to the extent that he or she was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that he or she was not entitled to exercise the Option or SAR at the date of such termination, or if he or she does not exercise such Option or SAR (which he or she was entitled to exercise) within the time specified herein, the Option or SAR shall terminate.
Termination of Status as a Service Provider
.
(c)   If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant's Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement to the extent the Option or SAR is vested on the date of termination (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement). In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option or SAR shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following the Participant's termination. If, on the date of termination, the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option or SAR, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan. If, after termination, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan.
Disability
.
(d)   If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option or SAR may be exercised following the Participant's death within such period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement (but in no event may the option be exercised later than the expiration of the term set forth in the Award Agreement), by the Participant's designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to Participant's death in a form acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option or SAR may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant's estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option or SAR is transferred pursuant to the Participant's will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution. In the absence of a specified time in the Award Agreement, the Option or SAR shall remain exercisable for twelve (12) months following Participant's death. If the Option or SAR is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option or SAR shall terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option or SAR shall revert to the Plan.
Death of Participant
.
11. 
Automatic Stock Option Grants to Outside Directors
.
(a)   All grants of Options to Outside Directors under this Plan shall be automatic and non-discretionary and shall be made strictly in accordance with the following provisions:
Procedure for Grants
.
(i) No person shall have any discretion to select which Outside Directors shall be granted Options or Restricted Stock Units or to determine the number of Shares to be covered by Options or Restricted Stock Units granted to Outside Directors.
(ii) Each Outside Director shall be automatically granted an Option to purchase 50,000 Shares (the "") upon the date on which such person first becomes a Director, whether through election by the stockholders of the Company or appointment by the Board of Directors to fill a vacancy.
First Option
(iii) At each of the Company's annual stockholder meetings (A) each Outside Director who was an Outside Director on the date of the prior year's annual stockholder meeting shall be automatically granted Restricted Stock Units for a number of Shares equal to the Annual Value, and (B) each Outside Director who was not an Outside Director on the date of the prior year's annual stockholder meeting shall receive a Restricted Stock Unit for a number of Shares determined by multiplying the Annual Value by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days since the Outside Director received their First Option (or, in the case of a Director who has transitioned from an employee director to an Outside Director and did not receive a First Option, the date the Director became an Outside Director), and the denominator of which is 365, rounded down to the nearest whole Share. Each award specified in A and B are generically referred to as an "". The Annual Value means the number equal to $125,000 divided by the average daily closing price over the six month period ending on the last day of the fiscal year preceding the date of grant (for example, the period from July1, 2008  December 31, 2008 for Annual Awards granted in May 2009).
Annual Award
(iv) Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (ii) and (iii) hereof, in the event that an automatic grant hereunder would cause the number of Shares subject to outstanding Options and Restricted Stock Units plus the number of Shares previously purchased upon exercise of Options or issued upon vesting of Restricted Stock Units to exceed the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan, then each such automatic grant shall be for that number of Shares determined by dividing the total number of Shares remaining available for grant by the number of Outside Directors on the automatic grant date. Any further grants shall then be deferred until such time, if any, as additional Shares become available for grant under the Plan.
(v) The terms of an Option granted hereunder shall be as follows:
(A) the term of the Option shall be seven (7) years.
(B) the Option shall be exercisable only while the Outside Director remains a Director of the Company, except as set forth in subsection (c) hereof.
(C) the exercise price per Share shall be 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant of the Option.
(D) the First Option shall vest and become exercisable as to 1/36th of the covered Shares each month following the grant date, with the last 1/36th vesting on the day prior to the Company's annual stockholder meeting in the third calendar year following the date of grant, so as to become 100% vested on the approximately three-year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Participant maintaining Continuous Status as a Director on each vesting date.
(E) the Annual Award shall become 100% vested on the one year anniversary of the grant date, subject to the Participant maintaining Continuous Status as a Director on each vesting date.
(b)   The consideration to be paid for the Shares to be issued upon exercise of an automatic Outside Director Option shall consist entirely of cash, check, and to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, delivery of a properly executed exercise notice together with such other documentation as the Administrator and the broker, if applicable, shall require to effect an exercise of the Option and delivery to the Company of the sale proceeds required to pay the exercise price, or any combination of such methods of payment.
Consideration for Exercising Outside Director Stock Options
.
(c)   If an Outside Director ceases to serve as a Director, (including pursuant to his or her death or Disability) he or she may, but only within 90 daysafter the date he or she ceases to be a Director of the Company, exercise his or her Option to the extent that he or she was entitled to exercise it at the date of such termination. To the extent that he or she was not entitled to exercise an Option at the date of such termination, or if he or she does not exercise such Option (which he was entitled to exercise) within the time specified herein, the Option shall terminate.
Post-Directorship Exercisability
.
,
12. 
Restricted Stock
.
(a)   Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Restricted Stock may be granted to Participants at any time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(b) hereof as well as the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine (i) the number of Shares subject to a Restricted Stock award granted to any Participant, and (ii) the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on continued provision of services but may include a performance-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant, vesting or issuance of Restricted Stock.
Grant of Restricted Stock
.
(b)   The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Restricted Stock granted under the Plan; provided that Restricted Stock may only be issued in the form of Shares. Restricted Stock grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the stock or the restricted stock unit is awarded. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Restricted Stock Award agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the Shares of stock awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
.
(c)   Each Restricted Stock grant shall be evidenced by an agreement that shall specify the purchase price (if any) and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine; provided; however, that if the Restricted Stock grant has a purchase price, such purchase price must be paid no more than seven (7) years following the date of grant.
Restricted Stock Award Agreement
.
13. 
Restricted Stock Units
.
(a)   Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, it shall advise the Participant in writing or electronically of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units and the form of payout, which, subject to Section 6(b) hereof, may be left to the discretion of the Administrator.
Grant
.
(b)   Subject to the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof, the Administrator shall set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment), or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion.
Vesting Criteria and Other Terms
.
(c)   Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant shall be entitled to receive a payout as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout.
Earning Restricted Stock Units
.
(d)   Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units shall be made as soon as practicable after the date(s) set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, but only as specified in the Award Agreement, may pay earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof. If the Award Agreement is silent as to the form of payment, payment of the Restricted Stock Units may only be in Shares.
Form and Timing of Payment
.
(e)   On the date set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited to the Company.
Cancellation
.
14. 
Performance Shares
.
(a)   Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Shares may be granted to Participants at any time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. Subject to Section 6(b) hereof as well as the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof, the Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine (i) the number of Shares subject to a Performance Share award granted to any Participant, and (ii) the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on achievement of performance milestones but may include a service-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant or vesting of Performance Shares. Performance Shares shall be granted in the form of units to acquire Shares. Each such unit shall be the equivalent of one Share for purposes of determining the number of Shares subject to an Award. Until the Shares are issued, no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the units to acquire Shares.
Grant of Performance Shares
.
(b)   The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Performance Shares granted under the Plan. Performance Share grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the stock is awarded, which may include such performance-based milestones as are determined appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Performance Shares Award Agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the Shares of stock awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
.
(c)   Each Performance Share grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
Performance Share Award Agreement
.
15. 
Performance Units
.
(a)   Performance Units are similar to Performance Shares, except that they shall be settled in a cash equivalent to the Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares, determined as of the vesting date. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, Performance Units may be granted to Participants at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall have complete discretion to determine the conditions that must be satisfied, which typically will be based principally or solely on achievement of performance milestones but may include a service-based component, upon which is conditioned the grant or vesting of Performance Units. Performance Units shall be granted in the form of units to acquire Shares. Each such unit shall be the cash equivalent of one Share of Common Stock. No right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to Performance Units or the cash payable thereunder.
Grant of Performance Units
.
(b)   Subject to Section 6(c) hereof, the Administrator will have complete discretion in determining the number of Performance Units granted to any Participant.
Number of Performance Units
.
(c)   The Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, shall have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Performance Units granted under the Plan. Performance Unit grants shall be subject to the terms, conditions, and restrictions determined by the Administrator at the time the grant is awarded, which may include such performance-based milestones as are determined appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator may require the recipient to sign a Performance Unit agreement as a condition of the award. Any certificates representing the units awarded shall bear such legends as shall be determined by the Administrator.
Other Terms
.
(d)   Each Performance Unit grant shall be evidenced by an agreement that shall specify such terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine.
Performance Unit Award Agreement
.
16. 
Deferred Stock Units
.
(a)   Deferred Stock Units shall consist of a Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share or Performance Unit Award that the Administrator, in its sole discretion permits to be paid out in installments or on a deferred basis, in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Administrator, subject to the Plan Minimum Vesting Requirements set forth in Sections 4(b)(vi) and 4(d) hereof. Deferred Stock Units shall remain subject to the claims of the Company's general creditors until distributed to the Participant.
Description
.
(b)   Deferred Stock Units shall be subject to the annual 162(m) limits applicable to the underlying Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share or Performance Unit Award as set forth in Section 6 hereof.
1
62(m)
Limits
.
17.   If as a condition to be granted an unpaid leave of absence by the Company, a Participant agrees that vesting shall be suspended during all or a portion of such leave of absence, (except as otherwise required by Applicable Laws) vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall cease during such agreed upon portion of the unpaid leave of absence and shall only recommence upon return to active service.
Leaves of Absence
.
18.   Unless otherwise required by Applicable Laws, if as a condition to being permitted to work on a less than full-time basis, the Participant agrees that any service-based vesting of Awards granted hereunder shall be extended on a proportionate basis in connection with such transition to a less than a full-time basis, vesting shall be adjusted in accordance with such agreement. Such vesting shall be proportionately re-adjusted prospectively in the event that the Employee subsequently becomes regularly scheduled to work additional hours of service.
Part-Time Service
.
19.   Except as determined otherwise by the Administrator in its sole discretion (but never a transfer in exchange for value), Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant, without the prior written consent of the Administrator.
Non-Transferability of Awards
.
20.   When a Participant incurs tax liability in connection with the exercise, vesting or payout, as applicable, of an Award, which tax liability is subject to tax withholding under applicable tax laws, and the Participant is obligated to pay the Company an amount required to be withheld under applicable tax laws, the Participant may satisfy the withholding tax obligation by electing to have the Company withhold from the Shares to be issued upon exercise of the Option or SAR or the Shares to be issued upon payout or vesting of the other Award, if any, that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the amount required to be withheld. The Fair Market Value of the Shares to be withheld shall be determined on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined (the "").
Stock Withholding to Satisfy Withholding Tax Obligations
.
Tax Date
All elections by a Participant to have Shares withheld for this purpose shall be made in writing in a form acceptable to the Administrator and shall be subject to the following restrictions:
(a) the election must be made on or prior to the applicable Tax Date; and
(b) all elections shall be subject to the consent or disapproval of the Administrator.
In the event the election to have Shares subject to an Award withheld is made by a Participant and the Tax Date is deferred under Section 83 of the Code because no election is filed under Section 83(b) of the Code, the Participant shall receive the full number of Shares with respect to which the Option or SAR is exercised or other Award is vested but such Participant shall be unconditionally obligated to tender back to the Company the proper number of Shares on the Tax Date.
21. 
Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Dissolution, Merger or Asset Sale
.
(a)   Subject to any required action by the shareholders of the Company, the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each outstanding Award, and the number of shares of Common Stock which have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but as to which no Awards have yet been granted or which have been returned to the Plan upon cancellation or expiration of an Award, as well as the price per share of Common Stock covered by each such outstanding Award, the annual share limitations under Sections 6(a) and (b) hereof, and the number of Shares subject to ongoing automatic First Option and Annual Award grants to Outside Directors under Section 11 hereof shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company; provided, however, that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been "effected without receipt of consideration." Such adjustment shall be made by the Board, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of shares of Common Stock subject to an Award.
Changes in Capitalization
.
(b)   In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator shall notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. The Administrator in its discretion (but not with respect to Options granted to Outside Directors) may provide for a Participant to have the right to exercise his or her Option or SAR until ten (10) days prior to such transaction as to all of the Awarded Stock covered thereby, including Shares as to which the Award would not otherwise be exercisable. In addition, the Administrator may provide that any Company repurchase option or forfeiture rights applicable to any Award shall lapse 100%, and that any Award vesting shall accelerate 100%, provided the proposed dissolution or liquidation takes place at the time and in the manner contemplated. To the extent it has not been previously exercised (with respect to Options and SARs) or vested (with respect to other Awards), an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action.
Dissolution or Liquidation
.
(c) 
Merger or Asset Sale
.
(i)   In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, each outstanding Option and SAR shall be assumed or an equivalent option or SAR substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Option or SAR, the Participant shall fully vest in and have the right to exercise the Option or SAR as to all of the Awarded Stock, including Shares as to which it would not otherwise be vested or exercisable. If an Option or SAR becomes fully vested and exercisable in lieu of assumption or substitution in the event of a merger or asset sale, the Administrator shall notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or SAR shall be fully vested and exercisable for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of such notice, and the Option or SAR shall terminate upon the expiration of such period. With respect to Options granted to Outside Directors, in the event that the Outside Director is required to terminate his or her position as an Outside Director at the request of the acquiring entity within 12 months following such merger or asset sale, each outstanding Option held by such Outside Director shall become fully vested and exercisable, including as to Shares as to which it would not otherwise be exercisable, unless the Board, in its discretion, determines otherwise.
Stock Options and SARs
.
(ii)   In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation, or the sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company, each outstanding Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) shall be assumed or an equivalent Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent), the Participant shall fully vest in the Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent), including as to Shares (or with respect to Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units, the cash equivalent thereof) which would not otherwise be vested. For the purposes of this paragraph, a Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Share, Performance Unit, Dividend Equivalent and Deferred Stock Unit award (and any related Dividend Equivalent) shall be considered assumed if, following the merger or asset sale, the award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share (or with respect to Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units, the cash equivalent thereof) subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger or asset sale, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or asset sale by holders of the Company's common stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or asset sale is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received, for each Share and each unit/right to acquire a Share subject to the Award (other than Dividend Equivalents and Performance Units) to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of the Company's common stock in the merger or asset sale.
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Units, Deferred Stock Units and Dividend Equivalents
.
22.   The date of grant of an Award shall, for all purposes, be the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award. Notice of the determination shall be given to each Employee or Consultant to whom an Award is so granted within a reasonable time after the date of such grant.
Time of Granting Awards
.
23.   The Plan shall continue in effect until March 1, 2016 .
Term of Plan
.
24. 
Amendment and Termination of the Plan
.
(a)   The Board may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan.
Amendment and Termination
.
(b)   The Company shall obtain shareholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Rule 16b-3 or with Section 422 of the Code (or any successor rule or statute or other applicable law, rule or regulation, including the requirements of any exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted). Such shareholder approval, if required, shall be obtained in such a manner and to such a degree as is required by the applicable law, rule or regulation.
Shareholder Approval
.
(c)   No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan shall impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company.
Effect of Amendment or Termination
.
25.   Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless the exercise of such Option and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares
.
As a condition to the exercise or payout, as applicable, of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Option or SAR, or in the case of another Award (other than a Dividend Equivalent or Performance Unit), the person receiving the Shares upon vesting, to render to the Company a written statement containing such representations and warranties as, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, may be required to ensure compliance with any of the aforementioned relevant provisions of law, including a representation that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required.
26.   The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. Inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.
Reservation of Shares
.

EXHIBIT 10.2
1. . The purpose of the Plan is to provide employees of the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries with an opportunity to purchase Common Stock through accumulated payroll deductions. The Company's intention is to have the Plan qualify as an "employee stock purchase plan" under Section 423 of the Code (the ""), although the Company makes no undertaking nor representation to maintain such qualification. The provisions of the 423(b) Plan, accordingly, will be construed so as to extend and limit Plan participation in a uniform and nondiscriminatory basis consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. In addition, this Plan document authorizes the grant of rights to purchase stock that do not qualify under Section 423(b) of the Code ("") pursuant to rules, procedures or sub-plans adopted by the Board or Committee designed to achieve tax, securities law or other Company compliance objectives in particular locations outside the United States. Such references to the Plan include the 423(b) and the Non-Section 423(b) Plan components.
Purpose
423(b) Plan
Non-Section 423(b) Plan
If grants are intended to be made under the Non-Section 423(b) Plan, they will be designated as such at the time of grant.
2. .
Definitions
(a) "" means the Board or any Committee designated by the Board to administer the Plan pursuant to Section 14.
Administrator
(b) "" means the requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards under U.S. state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any foreign country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan.
Applicable Laws
(c) "" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(d) "" means the occurrence of any of the following events:
Change in Control
(i) Any "person" (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding voting securities; or
(ii) The consummation of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company's assets; or
(iii) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or
(e) A change in the composition of the Board occurring within a two (2) year period, as a result of which less than a majority of the Directors are Incumbent Directors. "" means Directors who either (A) are Directors as of the effective date of the Plan, or (B) are elected, or nominated for election, to the Board with the affirmative votes of at least a majority of the Directors at the time of such election or nomination (but will not include an individual whose election or nomination is in connection with an actual or threatened proxy contest relating to the election of Directors to the Company).
Incumbent Directors
(f) "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code herein will be a reference to any successor or amended section of the Code.
Code
(g) "" means a committee of the Board appointed in accordance with Section 14 hereof.
Committee
(h) "" means the common stock of the Company.
Common Stock
(i) "" means Juniper Networks, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
Company
(j) "" means an Employee's base straight time gross earnings and commissions, exclusive of payments for overtime, shift premium, incentive compensation, incentive payments, bonuses, sales commission, and other compensation.
Compensation
(k) "" means any Parent or Subsidiary that has been designated by the Administrator from time to time in its sole discretion as eligible to participate in the Plan.
Designated Subsidiary
(l) "" means a member of the Board.
Director
(m) "" means any individual who is a common law employee of an Employer and is customarily employed for at least twenty (20) hours per week and more than five (5) months in any calendar year by the Employer, provided, however that under the Non-Section 423(b) Plan, the Board or Committee appointed by the Board may determine that Employees are eligible to participate in the Plan even if they are employed for less than twenty (20) hours per week or less than five (5) months in any calendar year by the Employer, if such Employee has a right to participate in the Plan under applicable law. For purposes of the Plan, the employment relationship will be treated as continuing intact while the individual is on sick leave or other leave of absence that the Employer approves. Where the period of leave exceeds ninety (90) days and the individual's right to reemployment is not guaranteed either by statute or by contract, the employment relationship will be deemed to have terminated on the ninety-first (91st) day of such leave.
Employee
(n) "" means any one or all of the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries.
Employer
(o) "" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Exchange Act
(p) "" means the last day of each Offering Period.
Exercise Date
(i) "" means, as of any date and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the value of Common Stock determined as follows:
Fair Market Value
(ii) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or the closing bid, if no sales were reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the date of determination, as reported in or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable;
The Wall Street Journal
(iii) If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, its Fair Market Value will be the mean of the closing bid and asked prices for the Common Stock on the date of determination, as reported in or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or
The Wall Street Journal
(iv) In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value thereof will be determined in good faith by the Administrator.
(q) "" means the fiscal year of the Company.
Fiscal Year
(r) "" means a new Exercise Date implemented by shortening any Offering Period then in progress.
New Exercise Date
(s) "" shall mean an employee stock purchase plan which does not meet the requirements set forth in Section 423(b) of the Code, as amended.
Non-Section 423(b) Plan
(t) "" means the first Trading Day of each Offering Period.
Offering Date
(u) "" means a period of approximately six (6) months during which an option granted pursuant to the Plan may be exercised, commencing on the first Trading Day on or after February 1 and terminating on the last Trading Day in the period ending the following July 31, or commencing on the first Trading Day on or after August 1 and terminating on the last Trading Day in the period ending the following January 31. The duration and timing of Offering Periods may be changed pursuant to Sections 4, 20 and 21.
Offering Period
(v) "" means a "parent corporation," whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code.
Parent
(w) "" means this Juniper Networks, Inc. 2008 Employee Stock Purchase Plan., which includes a Section 423(b) Plan and a Non-Section 423(b) Plan. Unless specified otherwise, references to the Plan herein shall refer to the Section 423(b) Plan.
Plan
(x) "" means an amount equal to eighty-five percent (85%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Offering Date or on the Exercise Date, whichever is lower; provided however, that the Purchase Price may be determined for future Offering Periods pursuant to Section 20.
Purchase Price
(y) "" means an employee stock purchase plan which is designed to meet the requirements set forth in Section 423(b) of the Code, as amended. The provisions of the 423(b) Plan shall be construed, administered and enforced in accordance with Section 423(b) of the Code.
Section 423(b) Plan
(z) "" means a "subsidiary corporation," whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Section 424(f) of the Code.
Subsidiary
(aa) "" means a day on which the national stock exchanges and the Nasdaq System are open for trading.
Trading Day
3.
Eligibility.
(a) . Any individual who is an Employee on a given Offering Date will be eligible to participate in such Offering Period, subject to the requirements of Section 5.
Offering Periods
(b) . Any provisions of the Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, no Employee will be granted an option under the Plan (i) to the extent that, immediately after the grant, such Employee (or any other person whose stock would be attributed to such Employee pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) would own capital stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company and/or hold outstanding options to purchase such stock possessing five percent (5%) or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of the capital stock of the Company or of any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, or (ii) to the extent that his or her rights to purchase stock under all employee stock purchase plans (as defined in Section 423 of the Code) of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company accrues at a rate which exceeds twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000) worth of stock (determined at the Fair Market Value of the stock at the time such option is granted) for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding at any time.
Limitations
4. . The Plan will be implemented by consecutive Offering Periods with a new Offering Period commencing on the first Trading Day on or after February 1 and August 1 each year, or on such other date as the Administrator will determine. The Administrator will have the power to change the duration of Offering Periods (including the commencement dates thereof) with respect to future offerings without stockholder approval if such change is announced at least five (5) days prior to the scheduled beginning of the first Offering Period to be affected thereafter.
Offering Periods
5. . An Employee may participate in the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a) by (i) submitting to the Company's payroll office (or its designee), on or before a date prescribed by the Administrator prior to an applicable Offering Date, a properly completed subscription agreement authorizing payroll deductions in the form provided by the Administrator (which may be similar to the form attached hereto as ) for such purpose, or (ii) following an electronic or other enrollment procedure prescribed by the Administrator. Participants in the offering period under the Company's 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ending on or about January 30, 2009 shall, on termination of such offering period, automatically be enrolled in the Offering Period under this Plan commencing on the first Trading Day on or after February 1, 2009 at the same contribution levels as last elected under the 1999 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
Participation
Exhibit A
6. .
Payroll Deductions
(a) At the time a participant enrolls in the Plan pursuant to Section 5, he or she will elect to have payroll deductions made on each pay day during the Offering Period in an amount not exceeding ten percent (10%) of the Compensation which he or she receives on each pay day during the Offering Period. The Administrator, in its discretion, may decide that an Employee may submit contributions to the Non-Section 423(b) Plan by means other than payroll deductions. A participant's subscription agreement will remain in effect for successive Offering Periods unless terminated as provided in Section 10 hereof.
(b) Payroll deductions for a participant will commence on the first pay day following the Offering Date and will end on the last pay day prior to the Exercise Date of such Offering Period to which such authorization is applicable, unless sooner terminated by the participant as provided in Section 10 hereof.
(c) All payroll deductions made for a participant will be credited to his or her account under the Plan and will be withheld in whole percentages only. A participant may not make any additional payments into such account.
(d) A participant may discontinue his or her participation in the Plan as provided in Section 10, or may decrease the rate of his or her payroll deductions during the Offering Period by (i) properly completing and submitting to the Company's payroll office (or its designee), on or before a date prescribed by the Administrator prior to an applicable Exercise Date, a new subscription agreement authorizing the change in payroll deduction rate in the form provided by the Administrator for such purpose, or (ii) following an electronic or other procedure prescribed by the Administrator. If a participant has not followed such procedures to change the rate of payroll deductions, the rate of his or her payroll deductions will continue at the originally elected rate throughout the Offering Period and future Offering Periods (unless terminated as provided in Section 6(d)). The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, limit the nature and/or number of payroll deduction rate changes that may be made by participants during any Offering Period. Any change in payroll deduction rate made pursuant to this Section  
6(d)
0
will be effective as of the first full payroll period following five (5) business days after the date on which the change is made by the participant.
(e) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code and Section 3(b), a participant's payroll deductions may be decreased to zero percent (0%) at any time during an Offering Period. Subject to Section 423(b)(8) of the Code and Section 3(b) hereof, payroll deductions will recommence at the rate originally elected by the participant effective as of the beginning of the first Offering Period which is scheduled to end in the following calendar year, unless terminated by the participant as provided in Section 10.
(f) At the time the option is exercised, in whole or in part, or at the time some or all of the Common Stock issued under the Plan is disposed of, the participant must make adequate provision for the Company's or Employer's federal, state, or any other tax withholding liability payable to any authority, national insurance, social security or other tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise upon the exercise of the option or the disposition of the Common Stock. At any time, the Company or the Employer may, but will not be obligated to, withhold from the participant's compensation the amount necessary for the Company or the Employer to meet applicable withholding obligations, including any withholding required to make available to the Company or the Employer any tax deductions or benefits attributable to the sale or early disposition of Common Stock by the Employee.
7. . On the Offering Date of each Offering Period, each Employee participating in such Offering Period will be granted an option to purchase on each Exercise Date during such Offering Period (at the applicable Purchase Price) up to a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing such Employee's payroll deductions accumulated prior to such Exercise Date and retained in the Employee's account as of the Exercise Date by the applicable Purchase Price; provided that in no event will an Employee be permitted to purchase during any twelve (12) month period more than six thousand (6,000) shares of the Common Stock (subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 19), and provided further that such purchase will be subject to the limitations set forth in Sections 3(b) and 13. The Employee may accept the grant of such option with respect to any Offering Period under the Plan, by electing to participate in the Plan in accordance with the requirements of Section 5. The Administrator may, for future Offering Periods, increase or decrease, in its absolute discretion, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that each Employee may purchase during each Offering Period. Exercise of the option will occur as provided in Section 8, unless the participant has withdrawn pursuant to Section 10. The option will expire on the last day of the Offering Period.
Grant of Option
8. .
Exercise of Option
(a) Unless a participant withdraws from the Plan as provided in Section 10, his or her option for the purchase of shares of Common Stock will be exercised automatically on the Exercise Date, and the maximum number of full shares subject to option will be purchased for such participant at the applicable Purchase Price with the accumulated payroll deductions in his or her account. No fractional shares of Common Stock will be purchased; any payroll deductions accumulated in a participant's account which are not sufficient to purchase a full share will be retained in the participant's account for the subsequent Offering Period, subject to earlier withdrawal by the participant as provided in Section 10. Any other funds left over in a participant's account after the Exercise Date will be returned to the participant. During a participant's lifetime, a participant's option to purchase shares hereunder is exercisable only by him or her.
(b) If the Administrator determines that, on a given Exercise Date, the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which options are to be exercised may exceed (i) the number of shares of Common Stock that were available for sale under the Plan on the Offering Date of the applicable Offering Period, or (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock available for sale under the Plan on such Exercise Date, the Administrator may in its sole discretion provide that the Company will make a pro rata allocation of the shares of Common Stock available for purchase on such Offering Date or Exercise Date, as applicable, in as uniform a manner as will be practicable and as it will determine in its sole discretion to be equitable among all participants exercising options to purchase Common Stock on such Exercise Date, and continue all Offering Periods then in effect or terminate all Offering Periods then in effect pursuant to Section 20. The Company may make a pro rata allocation of the shares available on the Offering Date of any applicable Offering Period pursuant to the preceding sentence, notwithstanding any authorization of additional shares for issuance under the Plan by the Company's stockholders subsequent to such Offering Date.
9. . As soon as reasonably practicable after each Exercise Date on which a purchase of shares of Common Stock occurs, the Company will arrange the delivery to each participant the shares purchased upon exercise of his or her option in a form determined by the Administrator (in its sole discretion) and pursuant to rules established by the Administrator. No participant will have any voting, dividend, or other stockholder rights with respect to shares of Common Stock subject to any option granted under the Plan until such shares have been purchased and delivered to the participant as provided in this Section 9.
Delivery
10. .
Withdrawal
(a) A participant may withdraw all but not less than all the payroll deductions credited to his or her account and not yet used to exercise his or her option under the Plan at any time by (i) submitting to the Company's payroll office (or its designee) a written notice of withdrawal in the form prescribed by the Administrator for such purpose (which may be similar to the form attached hereto as ), or (ii) following an electronic or other withdrawal procedure prescribed by the Administrator. All of the participant's payroll deductions credited to his or her account will be paid to such participant promptly after receipt of notice of withdrawal and such participant's option for the Offering Period will be automatically terminated, and no further payroll deductions for the purchase of shares will be made for such Offering Period. If a participant withdraws from an Offering Period, payroll deductions will not resume at the beginning of the succeeding Offering Period, unless the participant re-enrolls in the Plan in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.
Exhibit B
(b) A participant's withdrawal from an Offering Period will not have any effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in any similar plan which may hereafter be adopted by the Company or in succeeding Offering Periods which commence after the termination of the Offering Period from which the participant withdraws.
11. . Upon a participant's ceasing to be an Eligible Employee, for any reason, he or she will be deemed to have elected to withdraw from the Plan and the payroll deductions credited to such participant's account during the Offering Period but not yet used to purchase shares of Common Stock under the Plan will be returned to such participant or, in the case of his or her death, to the person or persons entitled thereto under Section 15, and such participant's option will be automatically terminated.
Termination of Employment
12. . No interest will accrue on the payroll deductions of a participant in the Plan.
Interest
13. .
Stock
(a) Subject to adjustment upon changes in capitalization of the Company as provided in Section 19 hereof, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock which will be made available for sale under the Plan will be nineteen million (19,000,000) shares.
(b) Until the shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), a participant will only have the rights of an unsecured creditor with respect to such shares, and no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to such shares.
(c) Shares of Common Stock to be delivered to a participant under the Plan will be registered in the name of the participant or, at the sole discretion of the Company, in the name of the participant and his or her spouse.
14. .
Administration
The Plan will be administered by the Board or a Committee appointed by the Board, which Committee will be constituted to comply with Applicable Laws. The Administrator will have full and exclusive discretionary authority to construe, interpret and apply the terms of the Plan, to determine eligibility and to adjudicate all disputed claims filed under the Plan. Every finding, decision and determination made by the Administrator will, to the full extent permitted by law, be final and binding upon all parties. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Plan, and, with respect to the Section 423(b) Plan, to the extent permissible under Code Section 423 and proposed or final Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (and other Internal Revenue Service guidance), the Administrator may adopt rules or procedures relating to the operation and administration of the Plan to accommodate the specific requirements of local laws and procedures for jurisdictions outside of the United States. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator is specifically authorized to adopt rules and procedures regarding handling payroll deductions, making of contributions to the Plan, defining eligible Compensation, establishment of bank or trust accounts to hold payroll deductions, conversion of local currency, obligations to pay payroll tax, determination of beneficiary designation requirements, withholding procedures and handling of stock certificates which vary with local requirements.
The Administrator may also adopt rules, procedures or sub-plans applicable to particular Subsidiaries or locations, which sub-plans may be designed to be outside the scope of Code Section 423. The rules of such sub-plans may take precedence over other provisions of this Plan, but unless otherwise superseded by the terms of such sub-plan, the provisions of this Plan shall govern the operation of such sub-plan. To the extent inconsistent with the requirements of Section 423, such sub-plan shall be considered part of the Non-Section 423(b) Plan, and rights granted thereunder shall not be considered to comply with Code Section 423.
15. .
Designation of Beneficiary
(a) At the sole discretion of the Administrator, a participant may file a designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any shares of Common Stock and cash, if any, from the participant's account under the Plan in the event of such participant's death subsequent to an Exercise Date on which the option is exercised but prior to delivery to such participant of such shares and cash. In addition, a participant may file a designation of a beneficiary who is to receive any cash from the participant's account under the Plan in the event of such participant's death prior to exercise of the option. If a participant is married and the designated beneficiary is not the spouse, spousal consent will be required for such designation to be effective.
(b) Such designation of beneficiary may be changed by the participant at any time by notice in a form determined by the Administrator. In the event of the death of a participant and in the absence of a beneficiary validly designated under the Plan who is living at the time of such participant's death, the Company will deliver such shares and/or cash to the executor or administrator of the estate of the participant, or if no such executor or administrator has been appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its discretion, may deliver such shares and/or cash to the spouse or to any one or more dependents or relatives of the participant, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may designate.
(c) All beneficiary designations will be in such form and manner as the Administrator may designate from time to time.
16. . Neither payroll deductions credited to a participant's account nor any rights with regard to the exercise of an option or to receive shares of Common Stock under the Plan may be assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of in any way (other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or as provided in Section 15 hereof) by the participant. Any such attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or other disposition will be without effect, except that the Company may treat such act as an election to withdraw funds from an Offering Period in accordance with Section 10 hereof.
Transferability
17. . The Company may use all payroll deductions received or held by it under the Plan for any corporate purpose, and the Company will not be obligated to segregate such payroll deductions. Until shares of Common Stock are issued, participants will only have the rights of an unsecured creditor with respect to such shares.
Use of Funds
18. . Individual accounts will be maintained for each participant in the Plan. Statements of account will be given to participating Employees at least annually, which statements will set forth the amounts of payroll deductions, the Purchase Price, the number of shares of Common Stock purchased and the remaining cash balance, if any.
Reports
19. .
Adjustments, Dissolution, Liquidation, Merger or Change in Control
(a) . In the event that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Common Stock occurs, the Administrator, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust the number and class of Common Stock which may be delivered under the Plan, the Purchase Price per share and the number of shares of Common Stock covered by each option under the Plan which has not yet been exercised, and the numerical limits of Sections 7 and 13.
Adjustments
(b) . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any Offering Period then in progress will be shortened by setting a New Exercise Date, and will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed dissolution or liquidation, unless provided otherwise by the Administrator. The New Exercise Date will be before the date of the Company's proposed dissolution or liquidation. The Administrator will notify each participant in writing, at least ten (10) business days prior to the New Exercise Date, that the Exercise Date for the participant's option has been changed to the New Exercise Date and that the participant's option will be exercised automatically on the New Exercise Date, unless prior to such date the participant has withdrawn from the Offering Period as provided in Section 10 hereof.
Dissolution or Liquidation
(c) . In the event of a merger or Change in Control, each outstanding option will be assumed or an equivalent option substituted by the successor corporation or a Parent or Subsidiary of the successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for the option, the Offering Period with respect to which such option relates will be shortened by setting a New Exercise Date and will end on the New Exercise Date. The New Exercise Date will occur before the date of the Company's proposed merger or Change in Control. The Administrator will notify each participant in writing, at least ten (10) business days prior to the New Exercise Date, that the Exercise Date for the participant's option has been changed to the New Exercise Date and that the participant's option will be exercised automatically on the New Exercise Date, unless prior to such date the participant has withdrawn from the Offering Period as provided in Section 10 hereof.
Merger or Change in Control
20. .
Amendment or Termination
(a) The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan, or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason; provided, however, that adding additional shares available for sale under the Plan (other than pursuant to Section 19(a)) shall require stockholder approval. If the Plan is terminated, the Administrator, in its discretion, may elect to terminate all outstanding Offering Periods either immediately or upon completion of the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the next Exercise Date (which may be sooner than originally scheduled, if determined by the Administrator in its discretion), or may elect to permit Offering Periods to expire in accordance with their terms (and subject to any adjustment pursuant to Section 19). If the Offering Periods are terminated prior to expiration, all amounts then credited to participants' accounts which have not been used to purchase shares of Common Stock will be returned to the participants (without interest thereon, except as otherwise required under local laws) as soon as administratively practicable.
(b) Without stockholder consent and without limiting Section 20(a), the Administrator will be entitled to change the Offering Periods, limit the frequency and/or number of changes in the amount withheld during an Offering Period, establish the exchange ratio applicable to amounts withheld in a currency other than U.S. dollars, permit payroll withholding in excess of the amount designated by a participant in order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the Company's processing of properly completed withholding elections, establish reasonable waiting and adjustment periods and/or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure that amounts applied toward the purchase of Common Stock for each participant properly correspond with amounts withheld from the participant's Compensation, and establish such other limitations or procedures as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion advisable which are consistent with the Plan.
(c) In the event the Administrator determines that the ongoing operation of the Plan may result in unfavorable financial accounting consequences, the Administrator may, in its discretion and, to the extent necessary or desirable, modify, amend or terminate the Plan to reduce or eliminate such accounting consequence including, but not limited to:
(i) amending the Plan to conform with the safe harbor definition under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards 123(R), including with respect to an Offering Period underway at the time;
(ii) altering the Purchase Price for any Offering Period including an Offering Period underway at the time of the change in Purchase Price;
(iii) shortening any Offering Period by setting a New Exercise Date, including an Offering Period underway at the time of the Administrator action;
(iv) reducing the maximum percentage of Compensation a participant may elect to set aside as payroll deductions; and
(v) reducing the maximum number of shares a participant may purchase during any Offering Period.
Such modifications or amendments will not require stockholder approval or the consent of any Plan participants.
21. . All notices or other communications by a participant to the Company under or in connection with the Plan will be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form and manner specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof.
Notices
22. . Shares of Common Stock will not be issued with respect to an option unless the exercise of such option and the issuance and delivery of such shares pursuant thereto will comply with all applicable provisions of law, domestic or foreign, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the shares may then be listed, and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares
As a condition to the exercise of an option, the Company may require the person exercising such option to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any of the aforementioned applicable provisions of law.
23. . The Plan will become effective upon the earlier to occur of its adoption by the Board or its approval by the stockholders of the Company. It will continue in effect for a term of twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated under Section 20.
Term of Plan
24. . The Administrator shall have the discretion to require reimbursement from any Plan participant in full for any liability that the Company or the Employer incurs towards any tax paid or payable in respect to participant's participation in the Plan, the grant of any option pursuant to the Plan, or the exercise of participant's option, provided that such reimbursement is provided for in the subscription agreement. The Company may require security for such reimbursement of taxes as a precondition to participant participating in the Plan, the grant of any option, or the exercise of this option on behalf of Participant. The Administrator shall have the authority to approve additional documents or forms which may be requested by the Company for such security, collection or otherwise for reimbursement of such taxes to the Company.
Reimbursement of Taxes
25. . The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws.
Stockholder Approval


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20120611164031.txt.gz
TIME:20120611164031
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On June 11, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. issued a press release announcing a new common stock repurchase authorization of up to $1 billion. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 99.1 Press Release issued by Juniper Networks, Inc. on June 11, 2012
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Top of the Form

Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today announced a new stock repurchase program which enables the Company to purchase up to $1 billion of the Company's common stock.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., June 11, 2012
This new authorization is in addition to the $1 billion stock repurchase program approved in 2010. As of March 31, 2012, there was approximately $162.2 million of remaining authorized funds under the 2010 stock repurchase program.
This authorization will enable the Company to continue its on-going share maintenance plan which is designed to reduce dilution from the issuance of shares related to its employee stock plans.  Share repurchases under Juniper's stock repurchase programs will be subject to a review of the circumstances in place at the time and will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements. The programs may be discontinued at any time.
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks (www.juniper.net) or connect with Juniper on Twitter and Facebook.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is a registered trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks logo is a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
This press release contains forward-looking statements about Juniper's common stock repurchase program, including the maximum amounts that may be purchased under the program. The statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond Juniper's control and are difficult to predict, including, but not limited to, changes in the market price of Juniper's common stock and changes in Juniper's financial results, financial condition and cash requirements. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Juniper undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20120724162138.txt.gz
TIME:20120724162138
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 24, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information furnished pursuant to this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed as "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Items
The table contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; other income and expense, net; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there is material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in the press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, stock based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, realized gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii)
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our consolidated financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the consolidated financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude realized gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Nemeth
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-5397
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
David Shane
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-4872
dshane@juniper.net
Cindy Ta
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
 
 
 
 
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today reported preliminary financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2012, and provided its outlook for the three months ending September 30, 2012.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., July 24, 2012
Net revenues for the second quarter of 2012 increased 4% sequentially, and decreased 4% on a year-over-year basis, to $1,074 million.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $58 million, or $0.11 per diluted share, and non-GAAP net income of $103 million, or $0.19 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2012.
Non-GAAP net income per diluted share increased 19% compared to the first quarter of 2012, and decreased 39% compared to the second quarter of 2011. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Share-Based Compensation Related Payroll Tax by Category table below.
"Juniper's second quarter results delivered sequential top line growth as a result of our focus on execution," said Kevin Johnson, CEO of Juniper Networks. "New products continued to gain traction in the marketplace with key customer wins across our portfolio. In a challenging macro environment, we remain focused on our operational execution, delivering great products, driving revenue and managing our cost base."
Juniper's operating margin for the second quarter of 2012 increased to 8.1% on a GAAP basis from 4.6% in the first quarter of 2012, and decreased from 15.3% in the second quarter of 2011. Non-GAAP operating margin for the second quarter of 2012 increased to 15.0% from 12.0% in the first quarter of 2012 and decreased from 21.6% in the second quarter of 2011.
 
"In the second quarter Juniper delivered revenue, margins and earnings ahead of our guidance," said Robyn Denholm, CFO of Juniper Networks. "While customers remain cautious in their investment activity near-term, we are focused on executing our strategy to deliver revenue growth while driving disciplined cost management."
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of June 30, 2012 were $4,272 million, compared to $4,216 million as of March 31, 2012 and $4,220 million as of June 30, 2011.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the second quarter of 2012 of $212 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $102 million in the first quarter of 2012, and $318 million in the second quarter of 2011.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 34 days in the second quarter of 2012, compared to 39 days in the first quarter of 2012 and 39 days in the second quarter of 2011.
Juniper repurchased approximately 5 million shares in the second quarter of 2012, at an average price of $18.76 per share, or approximately $94 million.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the second quarter of 2012, were $88 million and $46 million, respectively.
Outlook
While the long-term fundamentals driving demand for high-performance networking remain solid, our outlook for the September quarter reflects continued near-term macro uncertainty. While our new products are resonating with our customers, many customers continue to be cautious about their investment prioritization and timing around project deployments. We remain focused on prudently managing our business to ensure disciplined operational execution.
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
 
Conference Call Webcast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call web cast today, July 24, 2012 at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call 10 minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks () or connect with Juniper on and .
www.juniper.net
Twitter
Facebook
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; other income and expense, net; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there is material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Stock-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, stock based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, realized gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our consolidated financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the consolidated financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
 
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for stock-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include stock-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of stock-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of stock-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding stock-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Stock-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a stock-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to stock-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our stock-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of stock-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Stock-Based Compensation Related Items
. We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items
. GAAP and non-GAAP other (expense) income, net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude realized gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other (expense) income.
Note E: Other Income and Expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20121023160602.txt.gz
TIME:20121023160602
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On October 23, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us", "our" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information furnished pursuant to this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed as "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Other Items
The table contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in the press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table in the press release and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table in the press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table in the press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of share is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
GAAP and non-GAAP other income (expense), net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other income (expense), net.
Note E: Other Income and Expense.
Item 8.01 Other Events.
In connection with efforts intended to sharpen focus, enable agility and drive efficiency, the Company has realigned several organizations, including operations, services and strategic alliances. By combining several functions, we have eliminated a number of positions. As a result, John Morris, Executive Vice President of Strategic Alliances and Mark Bauhaus, Executive Vice President of Service, Support and Operations will be leaving the Company after the end of 2012.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Nemeth
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-5397
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
Cindy Ta
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
 
 
 
 
 Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today reported preliminary financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2012, and provided its outlook for the three months ending December 31, 2012.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., Oct. 23, 2012
Net revenues for the third quarter of 2012 increased 4% sequentially, and increased 1% on a year-over-year basis, to $1,118 million.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $17 million, or $0.03 per diluted share for the third quarter. The GAAP diluted income per share includes $0.16 impact from restructuring and other charges. Non-GAAP net income was $118 million, or $0.22 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2012.
Non-GAAP net income per diluted share increased 16% compared to the second quarter of 2012 and decreased 21% compared to the third quarter of 2011. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Share-Based Compensation Related Payroll Tax by Category table below.
Juniper's operating margin for the third quarter of 2012 decreased to 3.8% on a GAAP basis from 8.1% in the second quarter of 2012, and from 12.4% in the third quarter 2011. Non-GAAP operating margin for the third quarter of 2012 increased to 16.9% from 15.0% in the second quarter of 2012 and decreased from 20.0% in the third quarter of 2011.
"Juniper delivered top line revenue growth in the third quarter as we focus on excellence in execution throughout our business," said Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer of Juniper Networks. "Our new products continue to gain traction in the marketplace, and we're aligning our organization to sharpen our focus, enable agility and drive efficiency as we position for 2013."
"Our third quarter results demonstrated a return to year-over-year revenue growth and improved operational performance," said Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer of Juniper Networks. "Long-term
 
demand fundamentals for high-performance networking continue to be positive, yet customers remain cautious in the near-term environment. We remain focused on executing our strategy to drive revenue growth, and with our workforce restructuring largely complete, we're well prepared to capture the market opportunity ahead."
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of September 30, 2012 were $4,048 million, compared to $4,272 million as of the second quarter of 2012 and $4,130 million as of the third quarter of 2011.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the third quarter of 2012 of $173 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $212 million in the second quarter of 2012, and $185 million in the third quarter of 2011.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 32 days in the third quarter of 2012, compared to 34 days in the prior quarter and 36 days in the third quarter of 2011.
Juniper repurchased approximately 14 million shares in the third quarter of 2012, at an average price of $18.00 per share, or approximately $250 million.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the third quarter of 2012 were $87 million and $48 million, respectively.
Outlook
Long-term fundamentals driving demand for networking solutions are positive, and we are making good progress toward our revenue targets for our new products. Our outlook for the December quarter reflects our customers' continued caution in their investment decisions in what continues to be a challenging environment.
 
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition-related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Conference Call Webcast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call webcast today, October 23, 2012, at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
 
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call 10 minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website.
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at () or connect with Juniper on and .
Juniper Networks
www.juniper.net
Twitter
Facebook
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table above includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
 
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation  Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of share is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
GAAP and non-GAAP other income (expense), net, consist primarily of interest income, interest expense and other non-operational income and expense items. As noted in Note B above, we exclude gains or losses from equity investments in our computation of non-GAAP other income (expense), net.
Note E: Other Income and Expense.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20121023161157.txt.gz
TIME:20121023161157
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On October 17, 2012, Stefan Dyckerhoff, Executive Vice President, Platform Systems Division of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company"), informed Company management that he plans to leave the Company and terminate his full-time employment as of December 31, 2012 to pursue a career as a venture capital financier. Mr. Dyckerhoff's decision to leave is not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matters relating to the Company's operations, policies or practices.
Beginning January 2, 2013, Mr. Dyckerhoff will serve as a consultant in the newly created role of Staff Consultant, reporting to CEO Kevin Johnson. In this role, he will advise and support on specific strategic and customer matters as requested by the CEO that may include: (i) engaging with customers and supporting the Juniper Executive Sponsor of specified customers, (ii) reviewing information and discussing various topics with Juniper executives relating to various product and industry strategic topics and (iii) engaging with the Platform Systems Division team on questions they have and supporting them in the transition. As annual compensation for this role, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has approved Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) having a value of $140,000 (the exact number of RSUs to be awarded will be based on the stock price approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors for use in determining Juniper's annual stock guidelines). The initial RSU award will be granted to Mr. Dyckerhoff at the same time as the Compensation Committee approves its annual equity compensation awards for executive officers, which is typically on the third Friday of February, and will vest on December 31, 2013 provided his service as Advisor to the CEO has continued through the period January 2, 2013 through December 31, 2013.
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On October 23, 2012, the Company issued a press release in which the Company announced that Rami Rahim has been appointed as the Executive Vice President, Platform Systems Division to succeed Mr. Dyckerhoff. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today announced the appointment of Rami Rahim as executive vice president of the Platform Systems Division. Rahim will succeed Stefan Dyckerhoff who will be transitioning to a new consulting role supporting CEO Kevin Johnson.
SUNNYVALE, Calif, Oct. 23, 2012
As executive vice president of the Platform Systems Division, Rahim will be responsible for driving strategy, development and business growth for Juniper's entire portfolio of routing, switching and fabric systems. Rahim is a 15-year veteran of the company and currently leads Juniper's largest business unit focused on edge and aggregation routing. The role is effective November 1, 2012 with Dyckerhoff supporting him through the end of the year when he transitions to his new consulting position.
After many years as a successful technology business executive, Dyckerhoff will be fulfilling a personal aspiration to become a venture capitalist. He will continue to be actively engaged in Juniper's business in the newly created role, Staff Consultant, supporting Johnson. In this role, Dyckerhoff will provide strategic counsel to the CEO and Juniper's leadership team and will continue working with key customers.
"Rami has been with Juniper since its earliest days and is a key architect of Juniper's successful routing business. His proven expertise in stewarding the development of our innovative portfolio ensures our continued leadership in routing and switching," said Kevin Johnson, CEO of Juniper Networks. "We are very pleased to have the powerful combination of Rami at the helm of our systems business, and Stefan continuing to contribute his knowledge of the industry and consult on technology direction."
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks () or connect with Juniper on and .
www.juniper.net
Twitter
Facebook
Juniper Networks is a registered trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks logo is a trademark of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20121212160350.txt.gz
TIME:20121212160350
EVENTS:	Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities	Regulation FD Disclosure
TEXT:
ITEM: Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities.
On December 7, 2012, Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") entered into an acquisition agreement to acquire Contrail Networks Inc. ("Contrail") in a cash and stock transaction for approximately $176 million. Upon consummation of the acquisition of Contrail, the Company will pay cash in the amount of approximately $57.5 million, net of consideration for Contrail shares already owned by the Company. The Company has also agreed to issue up to an aggregate of 5,819,148 shares of its common stock to the stockholders of Contrail as the remaining portion of the consideration for all of the outstanding equity of Contrail, upon the consummation of the acquisition. The final number of shares of the Companys common stock to be issued in connection with the acquisition is subject to adjustment based on (i) purchase price adjustment provisions, (ii) continuing service obligations to the Company of certain stockholders of Contrail, and (iii) indemnification obligations of Contrail stockholders after the closing of the acquisition. The proposed issuance of shares of the Companys common stock to stockholders of Contrail in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the acquisition agreements will be made in reliance on the private offering exemption of Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and/or the private offering safe harbor provision of Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder based on the following factors: (i) the number of offerees or purchasers, as applicable, (ii) the absence of general solicitation, (iii) representations obtained from the stockholders of Contrail with respect to their status as accredited investors, (iv) the provision of appropriate disclosure, and (v) the placement of restrictive legends on the certificates reflecting the securities coupled with investment representations obtained from the stockholders of Contrail being issued common stock of the Company.
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
On December 12, 2012, the Company announced via a blog posting on its website the pending acquisition of Contrail. The blog posting reads as follows: JUNIPER NETWORKS TO ACQUIRE CONTRAIL By Bob Muglia EVP, Software Solutions Division Weve entered into an agreement to acquire Contrail, a Santa Clara, California-based software networking startup founded in early 2012, and we anticipate closing before the end of the year. With this acquisition, Juniper gains SDN technology that augments our portfolio of products and services. As a strategic investor earlier this year, we recognized the inherent advantages of Contrails architectural approach and we are excited to take this next step to acquire and combine Contrail into our team. The Company routinely posts information about the Company on its website, including its corporate blogs. The information provided in Item 3.02 on this Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. The information furnished in this Item 7.01 on this Form 8-K shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20130124161800.txt.gz
TIME:20130124161800
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On January 24, 2013, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us", "our" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information furnished pursuant to this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed as "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The table contained in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report includes the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: cost of product revenue; cost of service revenue; product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; net other income and expense; income before income taxes and noncontrolling interest; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; net income per share and net income as a percentage of revenue. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in the press release to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table in the press release and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table in the press release, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table in the press release correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of share is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
Investor Relations:
Kathleen Nemeth
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-5397
kbela@juniper.net
Media Relations:
Cindy Ta
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
Q4 2012:
 
 
 
 
Full Year 2012:
 
 
 
 
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today reported preliminary financial results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2012, and provided its outlook for the three months ending March 31, 2013.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., Jan. 24, 2013
Net revenues for the fourth quarter of 2012 increased 2% sequentially and on a year-over-year basis to $1,141 million.
Juniper's operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2012 increased to 11.5% on a GAAP basis from 3.8% in the third quarter of 2012, and decreased from 11.9% in the fourth quarter of 2011. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2012 increased to 18.2%, from 16.9% in the third quarter of 2012 and decreased from 18.6% in the fourth quarter of 2011.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $96 million, or $0.19 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2012. The GAAP diluted income per share includes a $0.02 pre-tax impact from restructuring charges. Non-GAAP net income was $145 million, or $0.28 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2012. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share increased 27% compared to the third quarter of 2012 and was flat compared to the fourth quarter of 2011.
 
 
The fourth quarter of 2012 results include $11 million, or $0.02 per diluted share, in pre-tax restructuring-related charges. The Company has largely completed its announced headcount actions and has made significant progress on additional actions to reduce its cost structure.
During the fourth quarter, the Company completed the acquisition of Contrail Systems, for a total of $176 million in cash and equity. The total net cash outlay for the acquisition was $49 million. The remainder of the consideration was in the form of equity awards.
For the year ended December 31, 2012, Juniper's revenue decreased 2% on a year-over-year basis to $4,365 million.
For the fiscal year 2012, Juniper's GAAP operating margin was 7.1% compared to 13.9% for the prior fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating margin for the fiscal year 2012 was 15.6% compared to 20.6% in the fiscal year 2011.
For the year ended December 31, 2012, GAAP net income was $187 million, or $0.35 per diluted share. The GAAP diluted income per share includes a $0.17 pre-tax impact from restructuring charges. Non-GAAP net income was $450 million, or $0.85 per diluted share, for the fiscal year 2012. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2012 decreased 29% on a year-over-year basis. The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Preliminary Net Revenue by Market table below.
"Juniper finished 2012 on a good note, setting the stage for growth in 2013," said Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer of Juniper Networks. "During the past year we strengthened our product portfolio, took key steps to drive operational execution, and allocated capital in a balanced way. We believe Juniper is entering 2013 in a strong position, with good opportunities in routing and switching and a greatly improved Enterprise security portfolio as we continue to deliver on the promise of the high performance network."
"I am pleased with the team's effort and commitment in executing our strategy to drive revenue growth and improve operational execution," said Robyn Denholm, chief financial officer of Juniper Networks. "For the fourth quarter we delivered sequential and year-over-year revenue growth and expanded operating margins. We have largely completed our announced workforce actions and are well underway with our facility and supply chain efforts to reduce our cost structure. These efforts are designed to sharpen our focus, drive efficiencies throughout the company and enable agility in execution. The benefits of these efforts are starting to show in our results."
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of December 31, 2012 were $3,837 million, compared to $4,048 million as of the third quarter of 2012 and $4,292 million as of the fourth quarter of 2011.
Juniper generated net cash from operations for the fourth quarter of 2012 of $155 million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $173 million in the third quarter of 2012, and $244 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the year ended December 31, 2012, Juniper generated net cash from operations of $642 million, compared to $987 million in 2011.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 35 days in the fourth quarter of 2012, compared to 32 days in the prior quarter and 46 days in the fourth quarter of 2011.
 
 
For the fourth quarter, Juniper repurchased 14.5 million shares at an average share price of $17.24 per share for a total of $250 million. For the year ended December 31, 2012, Juniper repurchased 35.8 million shares, at an average share price of $18.05 per share, for a total of $646 million.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the fourth quarter of 2012 were $92 million and $49 million, respectively. Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the fiscal year 2012, were $349 million and $187 million, respectively. The 31% increase in capital expenditures for the full year was primarily due to the build out of the Company's Sunnyvale, Calif. campus.
Outlook
Our outlook for the March quarter reflects our expectation of a typical seasonal decline, especially in the Enterprise sector. This decline is consistent with the cautious approach our customers are taking to capital deployment.
 
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition-related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Conference Call Webcast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call webcast today, January 24, 2013, at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Standard Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at: .
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call 10 minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website.
 
 
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at (www.juniper.net) or connect with Juniper on and .
Juniper Networks
Twitter
Facebook
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic and political conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers and major customers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below. The following tables and reconciliations can also be found on the Investor Relations website at www.juniper.net.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The tables above and below include the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; and net income per share. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlement charges, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are
Note B: Other Items
 
unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of share is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide basic non-GAAP net income per share and diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The basic non-GAAP net income per share amount was calculated based on our non-GAAP net income and the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the reporting period. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX
Beginning March 31, 2013, the following tables will be provided in the Investor Relations section of Juniper Networks website at and will no longer be included in the press release.
www.juniper.net
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20130213165039.txt.gz
TIME:20130213165039
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
2013 Executive Annual Incentive Plan On February 7, 2013, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee") of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") adopted the 2013 Executive Annual Incentive Plan (the "2013 Plan"), a cash bonus plan in which the Companys executive officers participate (including the "named executive officers" as defined in Item 402 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended). Under the 2013 Plan, each executive officer has an individual incentive target which is expressed as a percentage of base salary. Incentive target percentages for certain executive officers participating in the 2013 Plan are as follows:  Kevin Johnson: 175%  Rami Rahim: 150%  Robert Muglia: 150%  Pradeep Sindhu: 100%  Robyn Denholm: 100%  Gerri Elliott: 100% The 2013 Plan incentive targets set forth above are unchanged relative to the 2012 Executive Annual Incentive Plan incentive targets, with the exception of the incentive target for Mr. Rahim, who was promoted to Executive Vice President, Platform Systems Division, to succeed Stefan Dyckerhoff effective November 1, 2012. Bonus determinations under the 2013 Plan will be based on achievement of specified objectives during the year, with a portion of each executives incentive target allocated to objectives as follows:  50% based on the Companys Non-GAAP operating margin and revenue growth; and  50% based on achievement of other specified strategic goals. The actual incentive amounts paid under the 2013 Plan after the end of 2013 will depend on the level of achievement of each objective and the aggregate payout will range between zero and 200%. 2012 Executive Annual Incentive Plan The Compensation Committee also approved cash incentive compensation payouts under the 2012 Annual Incentive Plan (the "2012 Plan") and within its discretionary authority, for certain executive officers for fiscal year 2012 as follows below. The cash incentive compensation payouts noted are below the incentive target percentages described in the 2012 Plan and range in amount from 44% to 75% of the executive officers respective incentive target opportunity.  Kevin Johnson: $770,000 (44% of incentive target)  Stefan Dyckerhoff: $435,435 (44% of incentive target)  Rami Rahim: $278,038 (75% of incentive target)  Robert Muglia: $843,750 (75% of incentive target)  Pradeep Sindhu: $365,625 (65% of incentive target)  Robyn Denholm: $365,625 (65% of incentive target)  Gerri Elliott: $365,625 (65% of incentive target) As previously announced by the Company, Mr. Dyckerhoff terminated his full-time employment as of December 31, 2012. On January 2, 2013, Mr. Dyckerhoff commenced his service as a consultant, reporting to CEO Kevin Johnson. 2013 Executive Officer Base Salaries and Equity Compensation As part of its annual executive compensation review, on February 7, 2013, the Compensation Committee established new annual base salaries for certain executive officers as follows:  Kevin Johnson: $1,000,000  Rami Rahim: $660,000  Robert Muglia: $775,000  Pradeep Sindhu: $600,000  Robyn Denholm: $625,000  Gerri Elliott: $625,000 These new base salaries are effective as of July 1, 2013. As part of its annual executive compensation review, the Compensation Committee also approved equity awards for named executive officers to be granted on February 15, 2013. In addition, on February 7, 2013, Kevin Johnson entered into the Companys standard form of executive officer change in control agreement. This agreement replaces the change in control agreement that Mr. Johnson and the Company entered into in 2008.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20130227170535.txt.gz
TIME:20130227170535
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On February 27, 2013, Terry Spidell assumed the position of principal accounting officer of Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") from Gene Zamiska. Mr. Zamiska continues to serve as vice president, corporate finance, of the Company. Mr. Spidell, age 44, joined the Company as vice president, assistant corporate controller, in August 2011, and has served as vice president, corporate controller, since November 2012. Before joining the Company, Mr. Spidell was at VeriSign, Inc., a provider of Internet infrastructure services, as vice president, corporate controller, from June 2009 through July 2011 and as vice president, accounting operations, from March 2008 through June 2009. Prior to VeriSign, Mr. Spidell held various positions, most recently senior manager, at PricewaterhouseCoopers, a registered public accounting firm, from November 1993 through March 2008. Mr. Spidell is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a bachelors in business administration, with degrees in finance and accounting, from Boise State University.
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20130423162102.txt.gz
TIME:20130423162102
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions ( General Instruction A.2. below):
see
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On April 23, 2013, Juniper Networks, Inc. ("we", "us", "our" or "the Company") issued a press release in which we announced preliminary financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2013. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. The information furnished pursuant to this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed as "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
Investor Relations:
John Nunziati
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-0007
Jnunziati@juniper.net
Media Relations:
Cindy Ta
Juniper Networks
(408) 936-6131
cta@juniper.net
Q1 2013:
 
 
 
 
- Juniper Networks (NYSE: JNPR), the industry leader in network innovation, today reported preliminary financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2013, and provided its outlook for the three months ending June 30, 2013.
SUNNYVALE, Calif., Apr. 23, 2013
Net revenues for the first quarter of 2013 increased 3% year-over year and decreased 7% sequentially to $1,059 million.
Juniper's operating margin for the first quarter of 2013 increased to 8.2% on a GAAP basis from 4.6% in the first quarter of 2012, and decreased from 11.5% in the fourth quarter of 2012. Non-GAAP operating margin for the first quarter of 2013 increased to 15.7%, from 12.0% in the first quarter of 2012 and decreased from 18.2% in the fourth quarter of 2012.
The Company posted GAAP net income of $91 million, or $0.18 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2013. GAAP diluted net income per share includes a $0.05 tax benefit related to a tax settlement, a $0.02 pre-tax impact from a litigation charge as well as a $0.01 pre-tax impact from restructuring. Non-GAAP net income was $124 million, or $0.24 per diluted share, for the first quarter of 2013. Both GAAP and non-GAAP diluted income per share includes a $0.03 pre-tax benefit from the 2012 retroactive application of the renewal of the R&D tax credit. Non-GAAP net income per diluted share increased 50% compared to the first quarter of 2012.
The reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP results of operations is provided in a table immediately following the Preliminary Net Revenue by Market table below.
"This was a quarter of modest year-on-year growth driven by renewed demand from service providers and offset slightly by softness in enterprise sectors, including federal and financial services," said Kevin Johnson, chief executive officer of Juniper Networks. "We are seeing increased momentum with our new product offerings as we continue our strategy of innovating in the domain of high-performance networking. We believe Juniper has a strong position in the service provider market and has opportunity in the enterprise business as we continue to grow switching as well as revitalize our security business. We continue to focus on delivering great products, improving operational execution, and managing our costs carefully."
"Our first quarter results reflect our continued focus on driving revenue growth and expanding operating margins," said Juniper Networks CFO Robyn Denholm. "As expected, we saw continued strong broad based demand from US service providers and early indications of improving demand from EMEA service providers. I am pleased with the team's efforts and commitment to gaining efficiencies throughout the company and executing our strategy."
Other Financial Highlights
Total cash, cash equivalents and investments as of March 31, 2013 were $3,672 million, compared to $3,837 million as of December 31, 2012 and $4,216 million as of March 31, 2012.
Juniper's net cash outflow from operations for the first quarter of 2013 was ($9) million, compared to net cash provided by operations of $155 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, and $102 million in the first quarter of 2012. The cash outflow in the quarter was primarily due to a sequential increase in accounts receivable, annual payments for incentive compensation, the timing of payments to our supply chain and lower net income. In Q2, the Company expects to return to its historical pattern of strong positive cash flows.
Days sales outstanding in accounts receivable ("DSO") was 45 days in the first quarter of 2013, compared to 35 days in the prior quarter and 39 days in the first quarter of 2012.
For the first quarter, Juniper repurchased 6.2 million shares at an average share price of $20.99 per share for a total of $130 million.
Capital expenditures, as well as depreciation and amortization of intangible assets expense during the first quarter of 2013 were $72 million and $52 million, respectively.
Outlook
Juniper's outlook for the June quarter reflects its expectation that it will see continued weakness in the enterprise customer spending environment. In the service provider market, the Company expects to see a continuation of US service provider capital spending as well as moderately improved demand trends in EMEA. Juniper's new products continue to build momentum, especially in routing, and the Company remains focused on disciplined operational execution while driving revenue growth.
 
 
 
 
 
All forward-looking non-GAAP measures exclude estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation expenses, acquisition-related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlements and resolutions, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions. A reconciliation of non-GAAP guidance measures to corresponding GAAP measures is not available on a forward-looking basis.
Change in Segment Reporting
In the first quarter of 2013, Juniper Networks made changes to align its business segment reporting to its current organizational structure. Security products previously reported in its Platform Systems Division (PSD) segment (including the Branch SRX, Branch Firewall, and J Series product families) are now reported in its Software Solutions Division (SSD) segment. This results in all security products now being reported in its SSD segment. The Company believes this change will provide investors with increased financial reporting transparency and will enable better insight into the market and performance trends driving its business. A summary showing PSD and SSD 2012 and 2011 quarterly revenues on a basis consistent with the new reporting structure is included in Appendix 1.
A table showing revenue by product type within each segment is provided as Appendix 2.
A table showing product detail by business segment is provided as Appendix 3.
Under the new reporting structure, Juniper Networks continues to measure segment profitability by "Contribution Margin," which reflects segment revenues less those expenses which are directly attributable to (and controlled by) the segment organization. Such expenses would typically include costs of revenue, R&D, direct product marketing and product lifecycle management. A summary showing 2012 and 2011 segment contribution margins on a basis consistent with the Company's new reporting structure is included in Appendix 4.
Conference Call Webcast
Juniper Networks will host a conference call webcast today, April 23, 2013, at 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Daylight Time), to be broadcast live over the Internet at:
.
http://www.juniper.net/company/investor/conferencecall.html
To participate via telephone, in the U.S. the toll free dial-in number is 877-407-8033; outside of the U.S. dial +1-201-689-8033. Please call 10 minutes prior to the scheduled conference call time. The webcast replay of the conference call will be archived on the Juniper Networks website.
 
About Juniper Networks
Juniper Networks is in the business of network innovation. From devices to data centers, from consumers to cloud providers, Juniper Networks delivers the software, silicon and systems that transform the experience and economics of networking. Additional information can be found at Juniper Networks ) or connect with Juniper on and .
(www.juniper.net
Twitter
Facebook
Juniper Networks and Junos are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks and Junos logos are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
Statements in this release concerning Juniper Networks' business outlook, economic and market outlook, future financial and operating results, and overall future prospects are forward-looking statements that involve a number of uncertainties and risks. Actual results or events could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including: general economic and political conditions globally or regionally; business and economic conditions in the networking industry; changes in overall technology spending and spending by communication service providers and major customers; the network capacity requirements of communication service providers; contractual terms that may result in the deferral of revenue; increases in and the effect of competition; the timing of orders and their fulfillment; manufacturing and supply chain constraints; ability to establish and maintain relationships with distributors, resellers and other partners; variations in the expected mix of products sold; changes in customer mix; changes in geography mix; customer and industry analyst perceptions of Juniper Networks and its technology, products and future prospects; delays in scheduled product availability; market acceptance of Juniper Networks products and services; rapid technological and market change; adoption of regulations or standards affecting Juniper Networks products, services or the networking industry; the ability to successfully acquire, integrate and manage businesses and technologies; product defects, returns or vulnerabilities; the ability to recruit and retain key personnel; significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; currency fluctuations; litigation settlements and resolutions; and other factors listed in Juniper Networks' most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements made in this press release are made only as of the date set forth at the beginning of this release. Juniper Networks undertakes no obligation to update the information in this release in the event facts or circumstances subsequently change after the date of this press release.
Juniper Networks believes that the presentation of non-GAAP financial information provides important supplemental information to management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to the company's financial condition and results of operations. For further information regarding why Juniper Networks believes that these non-GAAP measures provide useful information to investors, the specific manner in which management uses these measures, and some of the limitations associated with the use of these measures, please refer to the discussion below. The following tables and reconciliations can also be found on the Investor Relations website at www.juniper.net.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Discussion of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The tables above and below include the following non-GAAP financial measures derived from our Preliminary Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations: product gross margin, product gross margin as a percentage of product revenue; service gross margin; service gross margin as a percentage of service revenue; gross margin; gross margin as a percentage of revenue; research and development expense; sales and marketing expense; general and administrative expense; operating expense; operating income; operating margin; provision for income taxes; income tax rate; net income; and net income per share. These measures are not presented in accordance with, nor are they a substitute for U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or GAAP. In addition, these measures may be different from non-GAAP measures used by other companies, limiting their usefulness for comparison purposes. The non-GAAP financial measures used in the table above should not be considered in isolation from measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical tool. In particular, many of the adjustments to our GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in our financial results for the foreseeable future.
We utilize a number of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing the overall performance of our business, in making operating decisions, forecasting and planning for future periods, and determining payments under compensation programs. We consider the use of the non-GAAP measures presented above to be helpful in assessing the performance of the continuing operation of our business. By continuing operations we mean the ongoing revenue and expenses of the business excluding certain items that render comparisons with prior periods or analysis of on-going operating trends more difficult, such as expenses not directly related to the actual cash costs of development, sale, delivery or support of our products and services, or expenses that are reflected in periods unrelated to when the actual amounts were incurred or paid. Consistent with this approach, we believe that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of our financial statements provides such readers with useful supplemental data that, while not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP, allows for greater transparency in the review of our financial and operational performance. In addition, we have historically reported non-GAAP results to the investment community and believe that continuing to provide non-GAAP measures provides investors with a tool for comparing results over time. In assessing the overall health of our business for the periods covered by the table above and, in particular, in evaluating the financial line items presented in the table above, we have excluded items in the following three general categories, each of which are described below: Acquisition-Related Charges, Other Items, and Share-Based Compensation Related Items. We also provide additional detail below regarding the shares used to calculate our non-GAAP net income per share. Notes identified for line items in the table above correspond to the appropriate note description below. Additionally, with respect to future financial guidance provided on a non-GAAP basis, we have excluded estimates for amortization of intangible assets, share based compensation expenses, acquisition related charges, restructuring charges, litigation settlements and resolutions, gain or loss on equity investments, non-recurring income tax adjustments, valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, and income tax effect of non-GAAP exclusions.
. We exclude certain expense items resulting from acquisitions including the following, when applicable: (i) amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions; (ii) compensation related to acquisitions; and (iii) acquisition-related charges. The amortization of purchased intangible assets associated with our acquisitions results in our recording expenses in our GAAP financial statements that were already expensed by the acquired company before the acquisition and for which we have not expended cash. Moreover, had we internally developed the products acquired, the amortization of intangible assets, and the expenses of uncompleted research and development would have been expensed in prior periods. Accordingly, we analyze the performance of our operations in each period without regard to such expenses. In addition, acquisitions result in non-continuing operating expenses, which would not otherwise have been incurred by us in the normal course of our business operations. For example, we have incurred deferred compensation charges related to assumed options and transition and integration costs such as retention bonuses and acquisition-related milestone payments to acquired employees. We believe that providing non-GAAP information for acquisition-related expense items in addition to the corresponding GAAP information allows the users of our financial statements to better review and understand the historic and current results of our continuing operations, and also facilitates comparisons to less acquisitive peer companies.
Note A: Acquisition-Related Charges
. We exclude certain other items that are the result of either unique or unplanned events including the following, when applicable: (i) restructuring and related costs; (ii) impairment charges; (iii) gain or loss on legal settlement, net of related transaction costs; (iv) retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements; (v) significant effects of tax legislation and judicial or administrative interpretation of tax regulations; (vi) gain or loss on equity investments; and (vii) the income tax effect on our financial statements of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures. It is difficult to estimate the amount or timing of these items in advance. Restructuring and impairment charges result from events, which arise from unforeseen circumstances, which often occur outside of the ordinary course of continuing operations. Although these events are reflected in our GAAP financials, these unique transactions may limit the comparability of our on-going operations with prior and future periods. In the case of legal settlements, these gains or losses are recorded in the period in which the matter is concluded or resolved even though the subject matter of the underlying dispute may relate to multiple or different periods. As such, we believe that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations for the period in which they are incurred. Similarly, the retroactive impacts of certain tax settlements and significant effects of retroactive tax legislation are unique events that occur in periods that are generally unrelated to the level of business activity to which such settlement or legislation applies. We believe this limits comparability with prior periods and that these expenses do not accurately reflect the underlying performance of our continuing business operations for the period in which they are incurred. Whether we realize gains or losses on equity investments is based primarily on the performance and market value of those independent companies. Accordingly, we believe that these gains and losses do not reflect the underlying performance of our continuing operations. We also believe providing financial information with and without the income tax effect of excluding items related to our non-GAAP financial measures provide our management and users of the financial statements with better clarity regarding the on-going performance and future liquidity of our business. Because of these factors, we assess our operating performance both with these amounts included and excluded, and by providing this information, we believe the users of our financial statements are better able to understand the financial results of what we consider our continuing operations.
Note B: Other Items
 
. We provide non-GAAP information relative to our expense for share-based compensation and related payroll tax. We began to include share-based compensation expense in our GAAP financial measures in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 718, CompensationStock Compensation ("FASB ASC Topic 718"), in January 2006. Because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types, which affect the calculations of share-based compensation, we believe that the exclusion of share-based compensation allows for more accurate comparisons of our operating results to our peer companies. Further, we believe that excluding share-based compensation expense allows for a more accurate comparison of our financial results to previous periods during which our equity-based awards were not required to be reflected in our income statement. Share-based compensation is very different from other forms of compensation. A cash salary or bonus has a fixed and unvarying cash cost. For example, the expense associated with a $10,000 bonus is equal to exactly $10,000 in cash regardless of when it is awarded and who it is awarded by. In contrast, the expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of share is unrelated to the amount of compensation ultimately received by the employee; and the cost to the company is based on a share-based compensation valuation methodology and underlying assumptions that may vary over time and that does not reflect any cash expenditure by the company because no cash is expended. Furthermore, the expense associated with granting an employee an option is spread over multiple years unlike other compensation expenses which are more proximate to the time of award or payment. For example, we may be recognizing expense in a year where the stock option is significantly underwater and is not going to be exercised or generate any compensation for the employee. The expense associated with an award of an option for 1,000 shares of stock by us in one quarter may have a very different expense than an award of an identical number of shares in a different quarter. Finally, the expense recognized by us for such an option may be very different than the expense to other companies for awarding a comparable option, which makes it difficult to assess our operating performance relative to our competitors. Similar to share-based compensation, payroll tax on stock option exercises is dependent on our stock price and the timing and exercise by employees of our share-based compensation, over which our management has little control, and as such does not correlate to the operation of our business. Because of these unique characteristics of share-based compensation and the related payroll tax, management excludes these expenses when analyzing the organization's business performance. We also believe that presentation of such non-GAAP information is important to enable readers of our financial statements to compare current period results with periods prior to the adoption of FASB ASC Topic 718.
Note C: Share-Based Compensation Related Items
We provide diluted non-GAAP net income per share. The diluted non-GAAP income per share included additional dilution from potential issuance of common stock, except when such issuances would be anti-dilutive.
Note D: Non-GAAP Net Income Per Share Items.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Appendix 1
Business Segment Revenue Reporting Reconciliation ($ in millions, unaudited)
 
 
Appendix 2
Business Segment Revenue Reporting by Product Type ($ in millions, unaudited)
 
 
Appendix 3
Product Detail by Business Segment
(non-comprehensive)
 
Juniper Networks, Junos, MediaFlow, and MobileNext are registered trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. in the United States and other countries. The Juniper Networks Logo, the Junos logo, and JunosE are trademarks of Juniper Networks, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, registered trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of their respective owners.
 
Appendix 4
Business Segment Profitability Reporting ($ in millions, unaudited)
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:JNPR/JNPR-8K-20130523193340.txt.gz
TIME:20130523193340
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
[  ]  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [  ]  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [  ]  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Top of the Form
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
Juniper Networks, Inc. (the "Company") held its annual meeting of stockholders on May 21, 2013, at which the Companys stockholders voted upon the following proposals described in the Companys 2013 proxy statement, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 9, 2013: (1) to elect Pradeep Sindhu, Robert M. Calderoni and William F. Meehan to serve as directors until the Companys 2014 annual meeting of stockholders; (2) to ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Companys independent auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013; and (3) to hold a non-binding advisory vote regarding executive compensation. All nominated directors were elected, and the other proposals were approved by the required stockholder vote. The final number of shares voted with respect to each proposal is as set forth below. (1) Proposal for election of directors*: Pradeep Sindhu For: 388,769,139; Against: 4,708,511; Abstain: 21,756,831 Robert M. Calderoni For: 356,022,904; Against: 31,442,971; Abstain: 27,768,606 William F. Meehan For: 395,590,462; Against: 3,304,811; Abstain: 16,339,208 *results exclude 36,309,174 broker non-votes (2) Proposal to ratify Ernst & Young LLP as auditors for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013: For: 445,474,724; Against: 5,431,027; Abstain: 637,904 (3) Proposal to approve a non-binding advisory resolution on the compensation of the named executive officers of the Company*: For: 389,788,909; Against: 24,135,748; Abstain: 1,309,824 *results exclude 36,309,174 broker non-votes
Top of the Form
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
