<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060206170844.txt.gz
TIME:20060206170844
EVENTS:	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
 
On January 31, 2006, at the special meeting of the stockholders of Siebel Systems, Inc. ("Siebel Systems"), the Siebel Systems stockholders adopted the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), dated as of September 12, 2005, as amended, by and among Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly named Oracle Corporation and referred to herein as "Oracle Systems"), Siebel Systems, Oracle Corporation (formerly named Ozark Holding Inc. and referred to herein as "Oracle"), Ozark Merger Sub Inc. ("Oracle Merger Sub") and Sierra Merger Sub Inc. ("Siebel Merger Sub").
 
Subsequent to the special meeting, on January 31, 2006, Siebel Merger Sub (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle) merged with and into Siebel Systems (the "Siebel Systems Merger") and Oracle Merger Sub (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle) merged with and into Oracle Systems (the "Oracle Merger" and, together with the Siebel Systems Merger, the "Mergers"). As a result of the Mergers, each of Oracle Systems and Siebel Systems became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle.
 
Former Siebel Systems stockholders electing to receive Oracle common stock will receive a combination of stock and cash because holders of approximately 32.68% of Siebel Systems common stock elected to receive Oracle common stock. Therefore, the stock portion of the consideration was oversubscribed pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement. As a result, these electing stockholders will receive approximately $0.8752 in cash and 0.7888 shares of Oracle common stock for each Siebel Systems share. Any fractional shares remaining after conversion will be converted into cash at $12.61 per share, the closing price of Oracle Systems common stock on the day prior to the closing of the Mergers. Former Siebel Systems stockholders not electing to receive Oracle common stock will receive $10.66 per share in cash. The aggregate consideration payable to former Siebel Systems stockholders consists of approximately $4.1 billion in cash and approximately 140.7 million shares of Oracle common stock. Oracle intends to repurchase shares in the marketplace equal to the amount issued effectively making the acquisition a cash transaction from Oracle's perspective.
 
In the Oracle Merger, each share of Oracle Systems common stock was automatically converted into one share of Oracle common stock.
 
The issuance of the Oracle common stock pursuant to the Siebel Systems Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to Oracle's registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-129139) (the "Registration Statement") filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").
 
The definitive proxy statement/prospectus of Oracle and Siebel Systems, dated December 29, 2005, which forms a part of the Registration Statement contains additional information about the Mergers, including information concerning the interests of directors, executive officers and affiliates of Siebel Systems in the Siebel Systems Merger.
 
Prior to the Mergers, Oracle Systems common stock and Siebel Systems common stock were both registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market. As a result of the Mergers, Oracle Systems common stock and Siebel Systems common stock have ceased trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market. Each of Oracle Systems and Siebel Systems has filed a Form 15 with the SEC to terminate the registration of its common stock under the Exchange Act.
 
On January 31, 2006, Oracle entered into a Preferred Share Rights Agreement with Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent, with the same terms and conditions (including the expiration date of March 31, 2008) as the Amended and Restated Preferred Share Rights Agreement of Oracle Systems and BankBoston N.A., as rights agent, dated March 31, 1998, as amended.
 
Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(c) under Exchange Act, the Oracle common stock and the associated preferred share purchase rights are deemed to be registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act. The Oracle common stock trades on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker symbol "ORCL".
 
Upon consummation of the Oracle Merger, all of the officers and directors of Oracle Systems immediately before such merger became the officers and directors of Oracle, and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Oracle were amended and restated in their entirety to be substantially identical to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of Oracle Systems in effect immediately prior to the Oracle Merger. In addition, Oracle assumed the employee compensation plans and arrangements of Oracle Systems.
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
 
On January 31, 2006, Oracle issued a press release announcing that the Siebel Systems stockholders had adopted the Merger Agreement and that the Mergers had been completed. The press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired.
 
To be filed by amendment no later than 71 calendar days after the date this Current Report is required to be filed.
 
(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.
 
Incorporated by reference from Oracle Systems Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 17, 2006.
 
(c) Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

EXHIBIT 3.1
 
 
Ozark Holding Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and originally incorporated in Delaware on September 9, 2005 (the "Corporation"), does hereby certify that:
 
FIRST: The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1, has been duly adopted by written consent of the Board of Directors of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Sections 141, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
 
SECOND: The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 1, has been duly approved by the written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
 
THIRD: The Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation so adopted reads in full as set forth in Exhibit 1 attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Corporation has caused this Certificate to be signed and attested by its duly authorized officers this 31
st
day of January 2006.
 
 
 
 
 
The name of the Corporation is Ozark Holding Inc.
 
 
The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle. The name of its registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company.
 
 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.
 
 
A. The total number of shares of stock of all classes which the Corporation has the authority to issue is 11,001,000,000, consisting of 11,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a par value of $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock"), and 1,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with a par value of $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Stock").
 
The Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by the law of the State of Delaware, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any such series (but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding).
 
The designation and amount of the initial series of Preferred Stock and the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of the shares of such series, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof are as follows:
 
B. Series A Preferred Stock
 
Section 1. . The shares of such series shall be designated as "Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Preferred Stock") and the number of shares constituting the Series A Preferred Stock shall be 200,000. Such number of shares may be increased or decreased by resolution of the Board of Directors; , that no decrease shall reduce the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to a number less than the number of shares then outstanding plus the number of shares reserved for issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options, rights or warrants or upon the conversion of any outstanding securities issued by the Corporation convertible into Series A Preferred Stock.
Designation and Amount
provided
 
Section 2. .
Dividends and Distributions
 
(A) Subject to the rights of the holders of any shares of any series of Preferred Stock (or any other stock) ranking prior and superior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for the purpose, quarterly dividends payable in cash on the first day of March, June, September and December in each year (each such date being referred to herein as a "Quarterly Dividend Payment Date"), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of a share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, in an amount (if any) per share (rounded to the nearest cent), subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends, and 1,000 times the aggregate per share amount (payable in kind) of all non-cash dividends or other distributions, other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock of the Corporation or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise), declared on the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of any share or fraction of a share of Series A Preferred Stock. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.
 
(B) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in paragraph (A) of this Section immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock).
 
(C) Dividends due pursuant to paragraph (A) of this Section shall begin to accrue and be cumulative on outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issue of such shares, unless the date of issue of such shares is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case
 
dividends on such shares shall begin to accrue from the date of issue of such shares, or unless the date of issue is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof.
 
Section 3. . The holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights:
Voting Rights
 
(A) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each share of the Series A Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to 1,000 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the number of votes per share to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.
 
(B) Except as otherwise provided herein, in any Certificate of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock, or by law, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock and any other capital stock of the Corporation having general voting rights shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation.
 
(C) Except as set forth herein, or as otherwise provided by law, holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action.
 
Section 4. .
Certain Restrictions
 
(A) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on the Series A Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not:
 
(i) declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock;
 
(ii) declare or pay dividends, or make any other distributions, on any shares of stock ranking on a parity (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) with the Series A Preferred Stock, except dividends paid ratably on the Series A Preferred Stock and all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of all such shares are then entitled; or
 
(iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any stock ranking junior (either as to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such junior stock in exchange for shares of any stock of the Corporation ranking junior (as to dividends and upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up) to the Series A Preferred Stock.
 
(B) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under paragraph (A) of this Section 4, purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner.
 
Section 5. . Any shares of Series A Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such shares shall upon their cancellation become authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein, or in any Certificate of Designations creating a series of Preferred Stock or any similar stock or as otherwise required by law.
Reacquired Shares
 
Section 6. .
Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up
 
(A) Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any assets of the Corporation to the holders of Common Stock, the amount of $1,000.00 per share for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them. Thereafter, the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an aggregate amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount to be distributed per share to holders of shares of Common Stock plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the aggregate amount to which holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such
 
event under the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.
 
(B) If the assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation are insufficient to pay the full preferential amount set forth in the first sentence of paragraph (A) above, then the entire assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution to the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be distributed among such holders in proportion to the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then held by them.
 
(C) The foregoing rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up provided o the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be subject to the rights of the holders of any other series of Preferred Stock (or any other stock) ranking prior and superior to the Series A Preferred Stock upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up.
 
Section 7. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or other property, then in any such case each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged or changed into an amount per share, subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, equal to 1,000 times the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is changed or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time declare or pay any dividend on the Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, or effect a subdivision or combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend in shares of Common Stock) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the amount set forth in the preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or change of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.
Consolidation, Merger, etc.
 
Section 8. . The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable.
No Redemption
 
C. Series C Preferred Stock
 
Section 1. . 11,200 shares of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation shall be designated as Series C Preferred Stock ("Series C Preferred Stock").
Number and Designation
 
Section 2. . The Series C Preferred Stock shall, with respect to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, dissolution and winding-up, rank prior to the Corporation's common stock, par value $0.01 per share ("Common Stock"). All equity securities of the Corporation to which the Series C Preferred Stock ranks prior (whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or otherwise), including the Common Stock, are collectively
Rank
 
the "Junior Securities." All equity securities of the Corporation with which the Series C Preferred Stock ranks on a parity (whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or otherwise) are collectively the "Parity Securities." The respective definitions of Junior Securities and Parity Securities shall also include any rights or options exercisable for or convertible into any of the Junior Securities and Parity Securities, as the case may be. The Series C Preferred Stock shall be subject to the creation of Junior Securities, Parity Securities and any securities that shall rank prior to the Series C Preferred Stock (whether with respect to dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or otherwise).
 
Section 3. . (a) Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cash dividends at the annual rate of $15,000 per share. Such dividends shall be payable in arrears in equal amounts quarterly on February 15, May 15, August 15 and November 15 of each year (unless such day is not a business day, in which event on the next succeeding business day) (each of such dates being a "Dividend Payment Date" and each such quarterly period being a "Dividend Period"). Such dividends shall be cumulative from the date of issue, whether or not funds of the Corporation are legally available for the payment of such dividends. Each such dividend shall be payable to the holders of record of shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, as they appear on the Corporation's stock register at the close of business on such record dates, which record dates shall be not more than 60 days or less than 10 days prior to the respective Dividend Payment Date, as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Accrued and unpaid dividends for any past Dividend Periods may be declared and paid at any time, without reference to any Dividend Payment Date, to holders of record on such date, not more than 45 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors.
Dividends
 
(b) The amount of dividends payable for each full Dividend Period for the Series C Preferred Stock shall be computed by dividing the annual dividend rate by four. The amount of dividends payable for the initial Dividend Period, or any other period shorter or longer than a full Dividend Period, on the Series C Preferred Stock shall be computed on the basis of 30-day months and a 12-month year. Holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, property or stock, in excess of cumulative dividends, as herein provided, on the Series C Preferred Stock. No interest or sum of money in lieu of interest shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment on the Series C Preferred Stock that may be in arrears.
 
(c) So long as any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not declare, pay or set apart for payment any dividends or distributions on Parity Securities, for any period unless full cumulative dividends have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set apart for such payment on the Series C Preferred Stock for all Dividend Periods terminating on or before the date of payment of the dividend on such Parity Securities. If dividends are not paid in full or a sum sufficient for such payment is not set apart, all dividends declared upon shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and all dividends declared upon any other Parity Securities shall be declared ratably in proportion to the respective amounts of dividends accumulated and unpaid on the Series C Preferred Stock and accumulated and unpaid on such Parity Securities.
 
(d) So long as any shares of the Series C Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, and shall cause its subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, declare, pay or
 
set apart for payment any dividends or other distributions on Junior Securities (other than dividends or distributions paid in shares of, or options, warrants or rights to subscribe for or purchase shares of, Junior Securities) or redeem or otherwise acquire any Junior Securities (other than a redemption or acquisition of shares of Common Stock made for purposes of an employee incentive or benefit plan of the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation) (all such dividends, distributions, redemptions or acquisitions being a "Junior Securities Distribution") for any consideration (including any moneys to be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any shares of any such stock), except by conversion into or exchange for Junior Securities, unless in each case the full cumulative dividends on all outstanding shares of the Series C Preferred Stock and any other Parity Securities have been paid or set apart for payment for all past and current Dividend Periods with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock and all past and current dividend periods with respect to such Parity Securities.
 
Section 4. . (a) In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any payment or distribution of the Corporation's assets (whether capital or surplus) shall be made to or set apart for the holders of Junior Securities, holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive $261,500 per share of Series C Preferred Stock plus an amount equal to all dividends (whether or not earned or declared) accrued and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such holders; but such holders shall not be entitled to any further payment. If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, the Corporation's assets, or proceeds thereof, distributable among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock are insufficient to pay in full the preferential amount aforesaid and liquidating payments on any Parity Securities, then such assets, or the proceeds thereof, shall be distributed among the holders of Series C Preferred Stock and any other Parity Securities ratably in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares of Series C Preferred Stock and any such other Parity Securities if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. For the purposes of this Section 4, (i) a consolidation or merger of the Corporation with, or a conversion of the Corporation into, one or more corporations, or (ii) a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Corporation's assets, shall not be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, voluntary or involuntary, of the Corporation.
Liquidation Preference
 
(b) Subject to the rights of the holders of any Parity Securities, after payment has been made in full to the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock, as provided in this Section 4, holders of Junior Securities shall, subject to the respective terms and provisions (if any) applying thereto, be entitled to receive any and all assets remaining to be paid or distributed, and holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to share therein.
 
Section 5. . (a) The Series C Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable by the Corporation prior to February 2, 2026 (such date, the "Redemption Date"). On and after the Redemption Date, to the extent the Corporation has funds legally available for such payment, the Corporation may redeem at its option shares of Series C Preferred Stock, at any time in whole or from time to time in part, at a redemption price of $261,500 per share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends thereon to the redemption date, in cash without interest.
Redemption
 
(b) Shares of Series C Preferred Stock that have been issued and reacquired in any manner, including shares purchased or redeemed, shall (upon compliance with any applicable provisions of the laws of the State of Delaware) have the status of authorized and unissued shares of the class of Preferred Stock undesignated as to Series and may be redesignated and reissued as part of any series of the Preferred Stock.
 
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 5, unless full cumulative cash dividends (whether or not declared) on all outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock have been paid or contemporaneously are declared and paid or set apart for payment for all dividend periods terminating on or before the applicable redemption date, none of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall be redeemed, and no sum shall be set aside for such redemption, unless shares of Series C Preferred Stock are redeemed pro rata.
 
Section 6. . (a) If fewer than all the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the number of shares to be redeemed shall be determined by the Board of Directors and the shares to be redeemed shall be selected by lot or pro rata (with any fractional shares being rounded to the nearest whole share) as may be determined by the Board of Directors (subject to Section 5(c)).
Procedure for Redemption
 
(b) If the Corporation redeems shares of Series C Preferred Stock, notice of such redemption shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, mailed not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days before the redemption date, to each holder of record of the shares to be redeemed at such holder's address as the same appears on the Corporation's stock register; that neither the failure to give such notice nor any defect therein shall affect the validity of the giving of such notice except as to the holder to whom the Corporation has failed to give said notice or whose notice was defective. Each such notice shall state: (i) the redemption date; (ii) the number of shares of Series C Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if fewer than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of shares to be redeemed from such holder; (iii) the redemption price; (iv) the place or places where certificates for such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and (v) that dividends on the shares to be redeemed will cease to accrue on such redemption date.
provided
 
(c) Notice having been mailed as aforesaid, from and after the redemption date (unless the Corporation defaults in providing money for the payment of the redemption price of the shares called for redemption), dividends on the shares of Series C Preferred Stock so called for redemption shall cease to accrue, and all rights of the holders thereof as stockholders of the Corporation (except the right to receive from the Corporation the redemption price) shall cease. Upon surrender in accordance with said notice of the certificates for any shares so redeemed (properly endorsed or assigned for transfer, if the Board of Directors of the Corporation shall so require and the notice shall so state), such shares shall be redeemed by the Corporation at the redemption price aforesaid. If fewer than all the shares represented by any such certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares without cost to the holder thereof.
 
Section 7. (a) Except as otherwise provided by law, holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to (i) vote with the holders of Common Stock in each election of directors of the Corporation submitted for a vote of holders of Common Stock, (ii) 17,000 votes per share of Series C Preferred Stock and (iii) notice of any stockholders' meeting at which directors are to be elected in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation and by-laws of the Corporation. If the Corporation at any time after the date of issuance of the Series C Preferred
Voting Rights.
 
Stock pays any dividend on Common Stock in shares of Common Stock or effects a subdivision or combination of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Common Stock, then in each such case the number of votes to which holders of Series C Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event under Section 7(a)(ii) shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which is the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event.
 
(b) The consent or votes required in Section 7(a) shall be in addition to any approval of stockholders of the Corporation which may be required by law or pursuant to any provision of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation or by-laws, which approval shall be obtained by vote of the stockholders of the Corporation in the manner provided in Section 7(a).
 
(c) Except as otherwise required by applicable law or as set forth herein, the shares of Series C Preferred Stock shall not have any relative, participating, optional or other special voting rights and powers and the consent of the holders thereof shall not be required for the taking of any corporate action.
 
Section 8. . (a) The term "Person" as used herein means any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust, organization, association, other entity or individual.
General Provisions
 
(b) The term "outstanding", when used with reference to shares of stock in this Section C, shall mean issued shares, excluding shares held by the Corporation.
 
(c) Each holder of Series C Preferred Stock, by acceptance thereof, acknowledges and agrees that payments of dividends, interest, premium and principal on, and exchange, redemption and repurchase of, such securities by the Corporation are subject to restrictions on the Corporation contained in certain credit and financing agreements.
 
 
The stockholders of the Corporation shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws. The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation, except Bylaws adopted by the shareholders that specify that they cannot be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors.
 
 
Election of Directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.
 
 
A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
 
If the Delaware General Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended.
 
Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article 7 by the stockholders of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification.
 
 
 
 
Ozark Holding Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (hereinafter called the ""), does hereby certify as follows:
Corporation
 
Article 1 of the Corporation's Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended to read in its entirety as set forth below:
 
 
The name of the Corporation is Oracle Corporation.
 
This Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be effective as of 8:00 pm Eastern Standard Time on January 31, 2006.
 
This Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Ozark Holding Inc. has caused this Certificate to be executed in its corporate name this 31
st
day of January 2006.
 
 

EXHIBIT 3.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.01. . An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date, time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors shall each year fix. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting.
Annual Meetings
 
Section 1.02. . Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Board of Directors or stockholders holding shares representing not less than twenty percent of the outstanding votes entitled to vote at the meeting. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons.
Special Meetings
 
Section 1.03. . Written notice of all meetings of stockholders shall be given stating the place, date and time of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, such notice shall be given not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting.
Notice of Meetings
 
Section 1.04. . Any meeting of stockholders may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or another place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, date and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting.
Adjournments
 
Section 1.05. . At each meeting of stockholders the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum, except where otherwise required by law. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting may adjourn the meeting. Shares of the Corporation's stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any other corporation to vote any of the Corporation's stock held by it in a fiduciary capacity.
Quorum
 
Section 1.06. . Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by such person as the Board of Directors may designate, or, in the absence of such a person, the Chairman of the Board, or, in the absence of such person, the President of the Corporation, or, in the absence of such person, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting. Such person shall be chairman of the meeting and shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seems to him or her to be in order. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
 
Section 1.07. . Unless otherwise provided by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.6 of these Bylaws, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by
Voting; Proxies
such stockholder. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot and need not be conducted by inspectors unless such is demanded by a stockholder or stockholders holding shares representing at least one percent of the votes entitled to vote at such meeting, or by such stockholder's or stockholders' proxy. If a vote is to be taken by written ballot, each such ballot shall state the name of the stockholder or proxy voting and such other information as the chairman of the meeting deems appropriate, and the ballots shall be counted by one or more inspectors appointed by the chairman of the meeting. At all meetings of stockholders for the election of directors a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect. All other elections and questions, unless otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote thereon present in person or by proxy at the meeting.
 
Section 1.08. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, then the record date shall be as provided by law. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date For Determination of Stockholders of Record
 
Any stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date for such consent. Such request shall include a brief description of the action proposed to be taken. The Board of Directors shall, within 10 days after the date on which such a request is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date. Such record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors within 10 days of the date on which such a request is received, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or any officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the date on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.
 
Section 1.09. . A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
List of Stockholders Entitled To Vote
 
Section 1.10. . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, and except as set forth in Section 1.8 above, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.
Action By Consent of Stockholders
 
 
Section 2.01. . The Board of Directors shall consist of three or more members. The initial number of directors shall be three, and thereafter shall be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Directors need not be stockholders.
Number; Qualifications
 
Section 2.02. . The Board of Directors shall initially consist of the person or persons elected by the incorporator. Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Subject to the rights of any holders of Preferred Stock then outstanding, (i) any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, and (ii) any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors for any cause, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors to be elected by all stockholders having the right to vote as a single class, may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, or by the stockholders. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.
Election; Resignation; Removal; Vacancies
 
Section 2.03. . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, and at such times as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Notice of regular meetings need not be given if the date, times and places thereof are fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Regular Meetings
 
Section 2.04. . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President or the Board of Directors and may be held at any time, date or place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the time, date and place of such meeting shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting to all directors at least four days before the meeting if the notice is mailed, or at least two days before the meeting if such notice is given by telephone, hand delivery, telegram, telex, mailgram, facsimile or similar communication method. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.
Special Meetings
 
Section 2.05. . Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee of the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to conference telephone or similar communications equipment shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Telephonic Meetings Permitted
 
Section 2.06. . At all meetings of the Board of Directors a majority of the total number of authorized directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except as otherwise provided herein or required by law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.
Quorum; Vote Required For Action
 
Section 2.07. . Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or in his or her absence by the President, or in his or her absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
 
Section 2.08. . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
Written Action By Directors
 
Section 2.09. . The Board of Directors may, except as otherwise required by law, exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation.
Powers
 
Section 2.10. . Directors, as such, may receive, pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors, fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including, without limitation, their services as members of committees of the Board of Directors.
Compensation of Directors
 
 
Section 3.01. . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof present at any meetings and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in a resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the Board of Directors as provided in subsection (a) of Section 151 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, fix the designations and any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution and distribution of assets of the Corporation, or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation, or fix the number of shares of any series of stock or authorize the increase or decrease of the shares of any series), adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the Bylaws of the Corporation; and unless the resolution of the Board of Directors expressly so provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, authorize the issuance of stock or adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Committees
 
Section 3.02. . Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article II of these Bylaws.
Committee Rules
 
 
Section 4.01. . The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers, including a Chairman of the Board of Directors, as may from time to time be appointed by the Board of Directors. Officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by the Board of Directors.
Generally
 
Section 4.02. . Unless otherwise designated by the Board of Directors, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. Subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction of the Board of Directors, he or she shall have the responsibility for the general management and
President
 
control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of chief executive or that are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. He or she shall have power to sign all stock certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation that are authorized and shall have general supervision and direction of all of the duties, employees and agents of the Corporation.
 
Section 4.03. . Each Vice President shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. A Vice President may be designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President in the event of the President's absence or disability.
Vice President
 
Section 4.04. . The Treasurer shall have the responsibility for maintaining the financial records of the Corporation and shall have custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation. He or she shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.
Treasurer
 
Section 4.05. . The Secretary shall issue or cause to be issued all authorized notices for, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, minutes of, all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. He or she shall have charge of the corporate books and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.
Secretary
 
Section 4.06. . The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof.
Delegation of Authority
 
Section 4.07. . Any officer of the Corporation may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation.
Removal
 
 
Section 5.01. . Every holder of stock shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile.
Certificates
 
Section 5.02. . The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate.
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates
 
Section 5.03. . The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of stock certificates shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish.
Other Regulations
 
 
Section 6.01. , Directors and Employees. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she or a
Indemnification of Officers
 
person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation (including any constituent corporation absorbed in a merger) or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation (including any such constituent corporation) as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer or employee and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnity in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
 
Section 6.02. . The Corporation shall pay all expenses incurred by such a director, officer or employee in defending any such proceeding as they are incurred in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that if the Delaware General Corporation Law then so requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director, officer or employee in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director, officer or employee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined ultimately that such director, officer or employee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article VI or otherwise; and provided further that the Corporation shall not be required to advance any expenses to a person against whom the Corporation brings a claim, in a proceeding, for breach of the duty of loyalty to the Corporation, for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law or for any transaction from which such person derived an improper personal benefit.
Advance of Expenses
 
Section 6.03. . The rights conferred on any person in this Article VI shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaw, agreement, vote or consent of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
Non-exclusivity of Rights
 
Section 6.04. . The Board of Directors is authorized to cause the Corporation to enter into a contract with any director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if the Board of Directors so determines, greater than, those provided for in this Article VI.
Indemnification of Contracts
 
Section 6.05. . The Corporation shall maintain insurance, at its expense, to the extent it determines such to be reasonably available, to protect itself, its officers and directors and any other persons the Board of Directors may select, against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Insurance
 
Section 6.06. . Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VI by the stockholders or the Directors of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any right or protection conferred on a person pursuant to this Article VI and existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.
Effect of Amendment
 
 
Section 7.01. . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein or required by law, all notices required to be given pursuant to these Bylaws shall be in writing and may in every instance be effectively given by hand delivery (including use of a courier service), by depositing such notice in the mail, postage prepaid, or by sending such notice by prepaid telegram, telex, mailgram or facsimile. Any such notice shall be addressed to the person to whom notice is to be given at such persons address as it appears on
Notice
 
the records of the Corporation. The notice shall be deemed given (i) in the case of hand delivery, when received by the person to whom notice is to be given or by any person accepting such notice on behalf of such person, (ii) in the case of delivery by mail, when deposited in the mail, and (iii) in the case of delivery via telegram, mailgram, telex, or facsimile, when dispatched.
 
Section 7.02. . Any written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice.
Waiver of Notice
 
 
Section 8.01. . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or committee thereof that authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his, her or their votes are counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; (ii) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.
Interest and Directors; Quorum
 
 
Section 9.01. . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Fiscal Year
 
Section 9.02. . The Board of Directors may provide for a corporate seal, which shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall otherwise be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Seal
 
Section 9.03. . Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account and minute books, may be kept on, or be in the form of, punch cards, magnetic tape, photographs, microphotographs or any other information storage device, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect the same.
Form of Records
 
Section 9.04. . A member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or a member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or reports made to the Corporation by any of its officers, or by an independent certified public accountant, or by an appraiser selected with reasonable care by the Board of Directors or by any such committee, or in relying in good faith upon other records of the Corporation.
Reliance Upon Books and Records
 
Section 9.05. . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall govern.
Certificate of Incorporation Governs
 
Section 9.06. . If any provision of these Bylaws shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of these Bylaws (including without limitation, all portions of any section of these Bylaws containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation) that are not themselves invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect.
Severability
 
 
Section 10.01. . The shareholders of the Corporation shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws. The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation, except Bylaws adopted by the shareholders that specify that they cannot be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors.
Amendments
 

EXHIBIT 10.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXHIBITS
 
 
 
 
This Preferred Shares Rights Agreement (this ""), dated as of January 31, 2006, is made between Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the "").
Agreement
Company
Rights Agent
 
 
On September 8, 2005 the Board of Directors of the Company approved and authorized the officers of the Company to enter into the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 12, 2005, as amended, among the Company, Siebel Systems, Inc., Oracle Systems Corporation (""), Ozark Merger Sub Inc. and Sierra Merger Sub Inc. (the ""), which required that the Company adopt a shareholder rights plan, effective as of the effective time of the merger of Old Oracle with Ozark Merger Sub Inc. (the ""), having terms and conditions substantially identical to the terms and condtions set forth in the Amended and Restated Preferred Shares Rights Agreement dated as of March 31, 1998, as amended, between Old Oracle and BankBoston, N.A., as rights agent (the "").
Old Oracle
Merger Agreement
Merger
Original Agreement
 
On the effective date of the Merger, (i) the Original Agreement will be terminated, (ii) this Agreement will become effective and (iii) the Company will declare a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a "") for each Common Share (as hereinafter defined) of the Company outstanding at the Close of Business (as hereinafter defined) on January 31, 2006 (the ""), each Right then representing the right to purchase one one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share (as hereinafter defined).
Right
Record Date
 
 
The parties agree as follows:
 
1. . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:
Certain Definitions
 
(a) "" shall mean any Person who or which, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be the Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares then outstanding, but shall not include the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company or any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person shall be deemed to be an Acquiring Person either (i) as the result of the acquisition of Common Shares by the Company which, by reducing the number of Common Shares outstanding, increases the proportionate number of Common Shares beneficially owned by such Person to 15% or more of the Common Shares of the Company then outstanding; provided, however, that if a Person shall become the Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the Common Shares of the Company then outstanding by reason of share purchases by
Acquiring Person
the Company and shall, after such share purchases by the Company, become the Beneficial Owner of any additional Common Shares of the Company (other than pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made by the Company on the outstanding Common Shares in Common Shares or pursuant to a split or subdivision of the outstanding Common Shares), then such Person shall be deemed to be an Acquiring Person; or (ii) (x) if a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith that a Person who would otherwise be an "Acquiring Person," as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (a), has become such inadvertently (including, without limitation, because (A) such Person was unaware that it beneficially owned a percentage of the Common Shares that would otherwise cause such Person to be an "Acquiring Person," as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (a), or (B) such Person was aware of the extent of the Common Shares it beneficially owned but had no actual knowledge of the consequences of such beneficial ownership under this Agreement) and without any intention of changing or influencing control of the Company, and (y) if such Person divested or divests as promptly as practicable a sufficient number of Common Shares so that such Person would no longer be an "Acquiring Person," as defined pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (a), then such Person shall not be deemed to be or to have become an "Acquiring Person" for any purposes of this Agreement. Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing,
 
(1) Lawrence J. Ellison (""), and his Affiliates and Associates, shall not be or become an Acquiring Person on account of the beneficial ownership of Common Shares of the Company by any of them, so long as Ellison, and his Affiliates and Associates (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, or any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) do not, after the date hereof, acquire from any third party other than the Company, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership of more than an additional 1% of the Company's Common Shares then outstanding; and
Ellison
 
(2) No Successor of Ellison, his Affiliates and Associates, or any Affiliate, Associate or Successor of such Successor, shall become an Acquiring Person on account of Common Shares received directly or indirectly from Ellison, so long as such Successor, Affiliate or Associate does not thereafter acquire from any third party other than the Company, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership of more than an additional 1% of the Company's Common Shares then outstanding.
 
(b) "" and "" shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ""), as in effect on the date of this Agreement.
Affiliate
Associate
Exchange Act
 
(c) A Person shall be deemed the "" of and shall be deemed to "" any securities:
Beneficial Owner
beneficially own
 
(i) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and Rule 13d-3 thereunder (or any comparable or successor law or regulation);
 
(ii) which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates has (A) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities), or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, rights (other than the Rights), warrants or options, or otherwise; , , that a Person shall not be deemed pursuant to this Section l(c)(ii)(A) the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, (1) securities tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by or on behalf of such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates until such tendered securities are accepted for purchase or exchange or (2) securities which a Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates may be deemed to have the right to acquire pursuant to any merger or other acquisition agreement between the Company and such Person (or one or more of its Affiliates or Associates) if such agreement has been approved by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to there being an Acquiring Person; or (B) the right to vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; , , that a Person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security under this Section l(c)(ii)(B) if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such Person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations of the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report); or
provided
however
provided
however
 
(iii) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other Person (or any Affiliate or Associate thereof) with which such Person or any of such Person's Affiliates or Associates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding (whether or not in writing) (other than customary agreements with and between underwriters and selling group members with respect to a bona fide public offering of securities) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except to the extent contemplated by the proviso to Section l(c)(ii)(B)) or disposing of any securities of the Company; , , that in no case shall an officer or director of the Company be deemed (x) the Beneficial Owner of any securities beneficially owned by another officer or director of the Company solely by reason of actions undertaken by such persons in their capacity as officers or directors of the Company or (y) the Beneficial Owner of securities held of record by the trustee of any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company for the benefit of any employee of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, other than the officer or director, by reason of any influence that such officer or director may have over the voting of the securities held in the plan.
provided
however
 
(d) "" shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close.
Business Day
 
(e) "" on any given date shall mean 5:00 P.M., Massachusetts time, on such date; , , that if such date is not a Business Day it shall mean 5:00 P.M., Massachusetts time, on the next succeeding Business Day.
Close of Business
provided
however
 
(f) "" when used with reference to the Company shall mean the shares of Common Stock of the Company, $0.01 par value per share. "" when used with reference to any Person other than the Company shall mean the capital stock (or equity interest) with the greatest voting power of such other Person or, if such other Person is a Subsidiary of another Person, the Person or Persons which ultimately control such first-mentioned Person.
Common Shares
Common Shares
 
(g) Intentionally Omitted
 
(h) "" shall mean the earlier of (i) the Close of Business on the tenth day (or such later date as may be determined by action of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company) after the Shares Acquisition Date (or, if the tenth day after the Shares Acquisition Date occurs before the Record Date, the Close of Business on the Record Date) or (ii) the Close of Business on the tenth day (or such later date as may be determined by action of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company) after the date that a tender or exchange offer by any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or of any Subsidiary of the Company, or any Person or entity organized, appointed or established by the Company for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan) is first published or sent or given within the meaning of Rule 14d-2(a) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act, if, assuming the successful consummation thereof, such Person would be the Beneficial Owner of 15% or more of the shares of Common Stock then outstanding.
Distribution Date
 
(i) "" shall mean Preferred Shares and any other class or series of capital stock of the Company that is entitled to participate in dividends and other distributions, including distributions upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, on a proportional basis with the Common Shares. In calculating the number of any class or series of Equivalent Shares for purposes of Section 11 of this Agreement, the number of shares, or fractions of a share, of such class or series of capital stock that is entitled to the same dividend or distribution as a whole Common Share shall be deemed to be one share.
Equivalent Shares
 
(j) "" shall mean the earliest of (i) the Close of Business on the Final Expiration Date, (ii) the Redemption Date, (iii) the time at which the Board of Directors orders the exchange of the Rights as provided in Section 24 of this Agreement or (iv) the consummation of a transaction contemplated by Section 13(d) of this Agreement.
Expiration Date
 
(k) "" shall mean March 31, 2008.
Final Expiration Date
 
(1) "" shall mean a tender offer for all outstanding Common Shares made in the manner prescribed by Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; provided, however, that a majority of the Board has determined that the offer is both adequate and otherwise in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders (taking into account all factors that the Board deems relevant, including without limitation prices that could reasonably be achieved if the Company or its assets were sold on an orderly basis designed to realize maximum value).
Permitted Offer
 
(m) "" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation or other entity, and shall include any successor (by merger or otherwise) of such entity.
Person
 
(n) "" shall mean shares of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Company.
Preferred Shares
 
(o) "" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of this Agreement.
Purchase Price
 
(p) "" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals at the beginning of this Agreement.
Record Date
 
(q) "" shall mean the time at which the Board of Directors of the Company orders redemption of the Rights as provided in Section 23 of this Agreement.
Redemption Date
 
(r) "" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 23(a) of this Agreement.
Redemption Price
 
(s) "" shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals at the beginning of this Agreement.
Right
 
(t) "" shall mean any event described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of Section 13(a) of this Agreement.
Section 13 Event
 
(u) "" shall mean the first date of public announcement (which, for purposes of this definition, shall include, without limitation, a report filed pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) by the Company or an Acquiring Person that an Acquiring Person has become such; that, if such person is determined not to have become an Acquiring Person pursuant to Section l(a) of this Agreement, then no Shares Acquisition Date shall be deemed to have occurred.
Shares Acquisition Date
provided
 
(v) "" of any Person shall mean any corporation or other entity of which an amount of voting securities sufficient to elect a majority of the directors or Persons having similar authority of such corporation or other entity is beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person, or any corporation or other entity otherwise controlled by such Person.
Subsidiary
 
(w) A "" shall mean the estate or legal representative of a deceased individual, the beneficiary of a deceased individual's estate, a trust created by a deceased individual as grantor, or the beneficiary of a trust created by a deceased individual as grantor or any other transferee of an individual approved by the Company's Board of Directors prior to the ninetieth (90th) day after the Board of Directors receives written notice of such transfer.
Successor
 
(x) "" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of this Agreement.
Total Exercise Price
 
(y) "" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(d) of this Agreement.
Trading Day
 
(z) A "" shall be deemed to have occurred upon any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan), together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becoming an Acquiring Person.
Triggering Event
 
2. . The Company hereby confirms the continuing appointment of the Rights Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and the Rights Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The Company may from time to time appoint such co-Rights Agents as it may deem necessary or desirable, upon ten (10) days' prior written notice to the Rights Agent. The Rights Agent shall have no duty to supervise, and in no event be liable for, the acts or omissions of any such co-Rights Agent.
Appointment of Rights Agent
 
3. .
Issuance of Rights Certificates
 
(a) Until the Distribution Date, (i) the Rights will be evidenced (subject to the provisions of Sections 3(b) and 3(c) of this Agreement) by the certificates for Common Shares registered in the names of the holders thereof (which certificates shall also be deemed to be Rights Certificates) and not by separate Rights Certificates and (ii) the right to receive Rights Certificates will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of Common Shares. Until the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Expiration Date, the surrender for transfer of such certificates for Common Shares shall also constitute the surrender for transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby. As soon as practicable after the Distribution Date, the Company will prepare and execute, the Rights Agent will countersign, and the Company will send or cause to be sent (and the Rights Agent will, if requested, send) by first-class, postage-prepaid mail, to each record holder of Common Shares as of the Close of Business on the Distribution Date, at the address of such holder shown on the records of the Company, a Rights Certificate in substantially the form of to this Agreement (a ""), evidencing one Right for each Common Share so held, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the event that an adjustment in the number of Rights per Common Share has been made pursuant to Section 11(a)(i), Section 11(i) or Section 11(p) of this Agreement, then at the time of distribution of the Rights Certificates, the Company shall make the necessary and appropriate rounding adjustments (in accordance with Section 14(a) of this Agreement) so that Rights Certificates representing only whole numbers of Rights are distributed and cash is paid in lieu of any fractional Rights. As of the Distribution Date, the Rights will be evidenced solely by such Rights Certificates and may be transferred by the transfer of the Rights Certificates as permitted hereby, separately and apart from any transfer of one or more Common Shares, and the holders of such Rights Certificates as listed in the records of the Company or any transfer agent or registrar for the Rights shall be the record holders thereof.
Exhibit A
Rights Certificate
 
(b) Upon the request of any holder of any Common Shares or, after the Distribution Date, the holder of any Rights, the Company shall, at its expense, provide a copy of the Summary of Rights in the form attached hereto as .
Exhibit B
 
(c) Unless the Board of Directors, by resolution adopted at or before the time of the issuance (including pursuant to the exercise of rights under the Company's benefit plans) of any Common Shares, specifies to the contrary, Rights shall be issued in respect of all Common Shares that are issued after the date of this Agreement but prior to the earlier of the Distribution Date or the Expiration Date or, in certain circumstances provided in Section 22 of this Agreement, after the Distribution Date. Certificates representing such Common Shares shall also be deemed to be certificates for Rights, and shall bear the following legend:
 
This certificate also evidences and entitles the holder hereof to certain rights as set forth in a Rights Agreement between Oracle Corporation and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., dated as of January 31, 2006, as such may subsequently be amended (the "Rights Agreement"), the terms of which are hereby incorporated herein by reference and a copy of which is on file at the principal executive offices of Oracle Corporation Under certain circumstances, as set forth in the Rights Agreement, such Rights will be evidenced by separate certificates and will no longer be evidenced by this certificate. Oracle Corporation will mail to the holder of this certificate a copy of the Rights Agreement without charge after receipt of a written request therefor. As described in Section 11(a)(ii) of the Rights Agreement, Rights beneficially owned by any Person who becomes an Acquiring Person (as defined in the Rights Agreement) and certain other Persons shall become null and void.
 
With respect to such certificates containing the foregoing legend, until the earlier of (i) the Distribution Date or (ii) the Expiration Date, the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented by such certificates shall be evidenced by such certificates alone, and the surrender for transfer of any such certificate shall also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented thereby. In the event that the Company purchases or acquires any Common Shares after the Record Date but prior to the Distribution Date, any Rights associated with such Common Shares shall be deemed canceled and retired so that the Company shall not be entitled to exercise any Rights associated with the Common Shares which are no longer outstanding.
 
4. .
Form of Rights Certificates
 
(a) The Rights Certificates (and the forms of election to purchase Common Shares and of assignment to be printed on the reverse thereof) shall be substantially in the form of to this Agreement and may have such marks of identification or designation and such legends, summaries or endorsements printed thereon as the Company may deem appropriate and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of this Agreement, or as may be required to comply with any applicable law or with any rule or regulation made pursuant thereto or with any rule or regulation of any stock exchange on which the Rights may from time to time be listed, or to conform to usage. Subject to the provisions of Section 11 and Section 22 of this Agreement, the Rights Certificates, whenever distributed, shall be dated as of the Record Date (or in the case of Rights issued with respect to Common Shares issued by the Company after the Record Date, as of the date of issuance of such Common Shares), shall show the date of countersignature by
Exhibit A
 
the Rights Agent, and on their face shall entitle the holders thereof to purchase such number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share as shall be set forth therein at the price set forth therein (such exercise price per one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share being hereinafter referred to as the "" and the aggregate exercise price of all Preferred Shares issuable upon exercise of one Right being hereinafter referred to as the ""), but the number and type of securities purchasable upon the exercise of each Right and the Purchase Price shall be subject to adjustment as provided herein.
Purchase Price
Total Exercise Price
 
(b) Any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 3(a) or Section 22 of this Agreement that represents Rights beneficially owned by: (i) an Acquiring Person or any Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such or (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom such Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer that the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding that has as a primary purpose or effect avoidance of Section 7(e) of this Agreement, and any Rights Certificate issued pursuant to Section 6 or Section 11 of this Agreement upon transfer, exchange, replacement or adjustment of any other Rights Certificate referred to in this sentence, shall contain (to the extent feasible) the following legend:
 
The Rights represented by this Rights Certificate are or were beneficially owned by a Person who was or became an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement). Accordingly, this Rights Certificate and the Rights represented hereby may become null and void in the circumstances specified in Section 7(e) of the Rights Agreement.
 
In the event that the Rights become exercisable, the Rights Agent and the Company will agree upon a procedure for determining which Rights will bear such legend.
 
5. .
Countersignature and Registration
 
(a) The Rights Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chairman of the Board, its Chief Executive Officer, its President or any Vice President, either manually or by facsimile signature, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, either manually or by facsimile signature, and shall have affixed thereto the Company's seal (if any) or a facsimile thereof. The Rights Certificates shall be manually countersigned by an authorized signatory of the Rights Agent and shall not be valid for any purpose unless countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who shall have signed any of the Rights Certificates shall cease to be such officer of the Company before countersignature by the Rights Agent and issuance and delivery by the Company, such Rights Certificates nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Rights Agent and issued and delivered by the
 
Company with the same force and effect as though the person who signed such Rights Certificates had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; and any Rights Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Rights Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Rights Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Rights Agreement any such person was not such an officer.
 
(b) Following the Distribution Date, the Rights Agent will keep or cause to be kept, at its office designated for such purposes, books for registration and transfer of the Rights Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall show the names and addresses of the respective holders of the Rights Certificates, the number of Rights evidenced on its face by each of the Rights Certificates and the date of each of the Rights Certificates.
 
6. .
Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of Rights Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Rights Certificates
 
(a) Subject to the provisions of Sections 7(e), 14 and 24 of this Agreement, at any time after the Close of Business on the Distribution Date, and at or prior to the Close of Business on the Expiration Date, any Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates may be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates, entitling the registered holder to purchase a like number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share (or, following a Triggering Event, other securities, cash or other assets, as the case may be) as the Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates surrendered then entitled such holder to purchase. Any registered holder desiring to transfer, split up, combine or exchange any Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates shall make such request in writing delivered to the Rights Agent, and shall surrender the Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates to be transferred, split up, combined or exchanged at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose. Neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to take any action whatsoever with respect to the transfer of any such surrendered Rights Certificate until the registered holder shall have completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of assignment on the reverse side of such Rights Certificate and shall have provided such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request. Thereupon the Rights Agent shall, subject to Sections 7(e), 14 and 24 of this Agreement, countersign and deliver to the person entitled thereto a Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates, as the case may be, as so requested. The Company may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer, split up, combination or exchange of Rights Certificates.
 
(b) Upon receipt by the Company and the Rights Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to them of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of a Rights Certificate, and, in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to them, and, at the Company's request, reimbursement to the Company and the Rights Agent of all reasonable expenses incidental thereto, and upon surrender to the Rights Agent and cancellation of the Rights Certificate if mutilated, the Company will make and deliver a new Rights Certificate of like tenor to the Rights Agent for delivery to the registered holder in lieu of the Rights Certificate so lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated.
 
7. .
Exercise of Rights; Purchase Price; Expiration Date of Rights
 
(a) Subject to Section 7(e) of this Agreement, the registered holder of any Rights Certificate may exercise the Rights evidenced thereby (except as otherwise provided herein) in whole or in part at any time after the Distribution Date upon surrender of the Rights Certificate, with the form of election to purchase on the reverse side thereof duly executed, to the Rights Agent at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, together with payment of the Purchase Price for each one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth of a Preferred Share as to which the Rights are exercised, at or prior to the Expiration Date.
 
(b) The Purchase Price for each one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth of a Preferred Share issuable pursuant to the exercise of a Right shall initially be $125, shall be subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in Sections 11 and 13 of this Agreement and shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of America in accordance with paragraph (c) below.
 
(c) Upon receipt of a Rights Certificate representing exercisable Rights, with the form of election to purchase duly executed, accompanied by payment of the Purchase Price for the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share (or other securities or property, as the case may be) to be purchased and an amount equal to any applicable transfer tax required to be paid by the holder of such Rights Certificate in accordance with Section 9 of this Agreement in cash, or by certified check or cashier's check payable to the order of the Company, the Rights Agent shall, subject to Section 20(k) of this Agreement, thereupon promptly (i) (A) requisition from any transfer agent of the Preferred Shares (or make available, if the Rights Agent is the transfer agent for the Preferred Shares) a certificate or certificates for the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share to be purchased and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes its transfer agent to comply with all such requests or (B) if the Company shall have elected to deposit the total number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share issuable upon exercise of the Rights hereunder with a depository agent, requisition from the depository agent of depository receipts representing such number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share as are to be purchased (in which case certificates for the Preferred Shares represented by such receipts shall be deposited by the transfer agent with the depository agent) and the Company hereby directs the depository agent to comply with such request, (ii) when appropriate, requisition from the Company the amount of cash to be paid in lieu of issuance of fractional shares in accordance with Section 14 of this Agreement, (iii) after receipt of such certificates or depository receipts, cause the same to be delivered to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Rights Certificate, registered in such name or names as may be designated by such holder and (iv) when appropriate, after receipt thereof, deliver such cash to or upon the order of the registered holder of such Rights Certificate. The payment of the Purchase Price (as such amount may be reduced (including to zero) pursuant to Section 11(a)(iv) of this Agreement) may be made in cash or by certified check or cashier's check payable to the order of the Company. In the event that the Company is obligated to issue other securities of the Company, pay cash and/or distribute other property pursuant to Section 11(a) of this Agreement, the Company will make all arrangements necessary so that such other securities, cash and/or other property are available for distribution by the Rights Agent, if and when appropriate.
 
(d) In case the registered holder of any Rights Certificate shall exercise less than all the Rights evidenced thereby, a new Rights Certificate evidencing Rights equivalent to the Rights remaining unexercised shall be issued by the Rights Agent to the registered holder of such Rights Certificate or to his or her duly authorized assigns, subject to the provisions of Section 14 of this Agreement.
 
(e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, from and after the first occurrence of a Triggering Event or a Section 13 Event, any Rights beneficially owned by (i) an Acquiring Person or an Associate or Affiliate of an Acquiring Person, (ii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee after the Acquiring Person becomes such (a ""), (iii) a transferee of an Acquiring Person (or of any such Associate or Affiliate) who becomes a transferee prior to or concurrently with the Acquiring Person becoming such and receives such Rights pursuant to either (A) a transfer (whether or not for consideration) from the Acquiring Person to holders of equity interests in such Acquiring Person or to any Person with whom the Acquiring Person has any continuing agreement, arrangement or understanding regarding the transferred Rights or (B) a transfer that the Board of Directors of the Company has determined is part of a plan, arrangement or understanding which has as a primary purpose or effect the avoidance of this Section 7(e) (a "") or (iv) any subsequent transferee receiving transferred Rights from a Post Transferee or a Prior Transferee, either directly or through one or more intermediate transferees, shall become null and void without any further action and no holder of such Rights shall have any rights whatsoever with respect to such Rights, whether under any provision of this Agreement or otherwise. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to insure that the provisions of this Section 7(e) and Section 4(b) of this Agreement are complied with, but shall have no liability to any holder of Rights Certificates or to any other Person as a result of its failure to make any determinations with respect to an Acquiring Person or any of such Acquiring Person's Affiliates, Associates or transferees hereunder.
Post Transferee
Prior Transferee
 
(f) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither the Rights Agent nor the Company shall be obligated to undertake any action with respect to a registered holder upon the occurrence of any purported exercise as set forth in this Section 7 unless such registered holder shall have (i) completed and signed the certificate contained in the form of election to purchase set forth on the reverse side of the Rights Certificate surrendered for such exercise and (ii) provided such additional evidence of the identity of the Beneficial Owner (or former Beneficial Owner) or Affiliates or Associates thereof as the Company shall reasonably request.
 
8. . All Rights Certificates surrendered for the purpose of exercise, transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered to the Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Rights Agent for cancellation or in canceled form, or, if surrendered to the Rights Agent, shall be canceled by it, and no Rights Certificates shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of this Agreement. The Company shall deliver to the Rights Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Rights Agent shall so cancel and retire, any other Rights Certificate purchased or acquired by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof. The Rights Agent shall deliver all canceled Rights Certificates to the Company, or shall, at the written request of the Company, destroy such canceled Rights Certificates, and in such case shall deliver a certificate of destruction thereof to the Company.
Cancellation and Destruction of Rights Certificates
 
9. .
Reservation and Availability of Preferred Shares
 
(a) The Company covenants and agrees that it will use its best efforts to cause to be reserved and kept available out of and to the extent of its authorized and unissued shares of Preferred Stock not reserved for another purpose (and, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Shares and/or other securities), the number of Preferred Shares (and, following the occurrence of the Triggering Event, Common Shares and/or other securities) that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all outstanding Rights.
 
(b) If the Company shall hereafter list any of its Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange, then so long as the Preferred Shares (and, following the occurrence of a Triggering Event, Common Shares and/or other securities) issuable and deliverable upon exercise of the Rights may be listed on a national securities exchange, the Company shall use its best efforts to cause, from and after such time as the Rights become exercisable (but only to the extent that it is reasonably likely that the Rights will be exercised), all shares reserved for such issuance to be listed on such exchange upon official notice of issuance upon such exercise.
 
(c) The Company shall use its best efforts to (i) file, as soon as practicable following the earliest date after the first occurrence of a Triggering Event in which the consideration to be delivered by the Company upon exercise of the Rights has been determined in accordance with Section 11(a)(iv) of this Agreement, or as soon as is required by law following the Distribution Date, as the case may be, a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""), with respect to the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, (ii) cause such registration statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing and (iii) cause such registration statement to remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Securities Act) until the earlier of (A) the date as of which the Rights are no longer exercisable for such securities and (B) the date of expiration of the Rights. The Company may temporarily suspend, for a period not to exceed ninety (90) days after the date set forth in clause (i) of the first sentence of this Section 9(c), the exercisability of the Rights in order to prepare and file such registration statement and permit it to become effective. Upon any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating, and notify the Rights Agent, that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement and notification to the Rights Agent at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. The Company will also take such action as may be appropriate under, or to ensure compliance with, the securities or "blue sky" laws of the various states in connection with the exercisability of the Rights. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Rights shall not be exercisable in any jurisdiction, unless the requisite qualification in such jurisdiction shall have been obtained, or an exemption therefrom shall be available, and until a registration statement has been declared effective.
Securities Act
 
(d) The Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as may be necessary to ensure that all Preferred Shares delivered upon exercise of Rights shall, at the time of delivery of the certificates for such Preferred Shares (subject to payment of the Purchase Price), be duly and validly authorized and issued and fully paid and nonassessable shares.
 
(e) The Company further covenants and agrees that it will pay when due and payable any and all federal and state transfer taxes and charges which may be payable in respect of the original issuance or delivery of the Rights Certificates or of any Preferred Shares upon the exercise of Rights. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay any transfer tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer or delivery of Rights Certificates to a person other than, or the issuance or delivery of certificates or depository receipts for the Preferred Shares in a name other than that of, the registered holder of the Rights Certificate evidencing Rights surrendered for exercise or to issue or to deliver any certificates or depository receipts for Preferred Shares upon the exercise of any Rights until any such tax shall have been paid (any such tax being payable by the holder of such Rights Certificate at the time of surrender) or until it has been established to the Company's satisfaction that no such tax is due.
 
10. . Each person in whose name any certificate for a number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share is issued upon the exercise of Rights shall for all purposes be deemed to have become the holder of record of Preferred Shares represented thereby on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Rights Certificate evidencing such Rights was duly surrendered and payment of the Purchase Price multiplied by the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share with respect to which the Rights have been exercised (and any applicable transfer taxes) was made; , , that if the date of such surrender and payment is a date upon which the Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the record holder of such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next Business Day on which the Preferred Shares transfer books of the Company are open. Prior to the exercise of the Rights evidenced thereby, the holder of a Rights Certificate shall not be entitled to any rights of a holder of Preferred Shares for which the Rights shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to vote, to receive dividends or other distributions or to exercise any preemptive rights, and shall not be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the Company, except as provided herein.
Preferred Shares Record Date
provided
however
 
11. . The Purchase Price, the number and kind of shares or other property covered by each Right and the number of Rights outstanding are subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in this Section 11.
Adjustment of Purchase Price, Number of Shares or Number of Rights
 
(a) (i) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that at any time after the date of this Rights Agreement and prior to the Distribution Date, the Company shall (i) declare and pay any dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or (ii) effect a subdivision, combination, stock split or consolidation of the Common Shares (by reclassification or otherwise than by payment of a dividend payable in Common Shares) into a greater or lesser number of Common Shares, then, in each such case, the number of Rights associated with each Common Share then outstanding, or issued or delivered thereafter,
 
shall be proportionately adjusted so that the number of Rights thereafter associated with each Common Share following any such event shall equal the result obtained by multiplying the number of Rights associated with each Common Share immediately prior to such event by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the total number of Common Shares outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of the event and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Common Shares outstanding immediately following the occurrence of such event.
 
(ii) Subject to Section 24 of this Agreement, in the event a Triggering Event shall have occurred, then promptly following such Triggering Event, proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right, except as provided in Section 7(e) of this Agreement, shall thereafter have the right to receive for each Right, upon exercise thereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and payment of the then-current Total Exercise Price, in lieu of a number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share, such number of Common Shares of the Company as shall equal the result obtained by multiplying the then-current Purchase Price by the then number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share for which a Right was exercisable (or would have been exercisable if the Distribution Date had occurred) immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Triggering Event, and dividing that product by 50% of the current per share market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement) for Common Shares on the date of occurrence of the Triggering Event (such number of shares being hereinafter referred to as the "").
Adjustment Shares
 
(iii) The right to buy Common Shares of the Company pursuant to Section 11(a)(ii) of this Agreement shall not arise as a result of any Person becoming an Acquiring Person through an acquisition of Common Shares pursuant to a Permitted Offer.
 
(iv) In lieu of issuing Common Shares in accordance with Section 11(a)(ii) of this Agreement, the Company may, if the Board of Directors determines that such action is necessary or appropriate and not contrary to the interest of holders of Rights (and, in the event that the number of Common Shares which are authorized by the Company's Certificate of Incorporation but not outstanding or reserved for issuance for purposes other than upon exercise of the Rights are not sufficient to permit the exercise in full of the Rights, or if any necessary regulatory approval for such issuance has not been obtained by the Company, the Company shall): (A) determine the excess of (1) the value of the Common Shares issuable upon the exercise of a Right (the "") over (2) the Purchase Price (such excess, the "") and (B) with respect to each Right, make adequate provision to substitute for such Common Shares, upon exercise of the Rights, (1) cash, (2) a reduction in the Purchase Price, (3) other equity securities of the Company (including, without limitation, shares or units of shares of any series of Preferred Stock which the Board of Directors of the Company has deemed to have the same value as Common Shares (such shares or units of shares of Preferred Stock are herein called "")), except to the extent that the Company has not obtained any necessary stockholder or regulatory approval for such issuance, (4) debt securities of the Company, except to the extent that the Company has not obtained any necessary stockholder or regulatory approval for such issuance, (5) other assets or (6) any combination of the foregoing, having an aggregate value equal to the Current Value, where such aggregate value has been determined by the Board of Directors of the Company based upon the advice of a nationally
Current Value
Spread
common stock equivalents
 
recognized investment banking firm selected by the Board of Directors of the Company; , , if the Company shall not have made adequate provision to deliver value pursuant to clause (B) above within thirty (30) days following the later of (x) the first occurrence of a Triggering Event and (y) the date on which the Company's right of redemption pursuant to Section 23(a) expires (the later of (x) and (y) being referred to herein as the ""), then the Company shall be obligated to deliver, upon the surrender for exercise of a Right and without requiring payment of the Purchase Price, Common Shares (to the extent available), except to the extent that the Company has not obtained any necessary stockholder or regulatory approval for such issuance, and then, if necessary, cash, which shares and/or cash have an aggregate value equal to the Spread. If the Board of Directors of the Company shall determine in good faith that it is likely that sufficient additional Common Shares could be authorized for issuance upon exercise in full of the Rights or that any necessary regulatory approval for such issuance will be obtained, the thirty (30) day period set forth above may be extended to the extent necessary, but not more than ninety (90) days after the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date, in order that the Company may seek stockholder approval for the authorization of such additional shares or take action to obtain such regulatory approval (such period, as it may be extended, the ""). To the extent that the Company determines that some action need be taken pursuant to the first and/or second sentences of this Section 11(a)(iv), the Company (x) shall provide, subject to Section 7(e) of this Agreement, that such action shall apply uniformly to all outstanding Rights and (y) may suspend the exercisability of the Rights until the expiration of the Substitution Period in order to seek any authorization of additional shares, to take any action to obtain any required regulatory approval and/or to decide the appropriate form of distribution to be made pursuant to such first sentence and to determine the value thereof. In the event of any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended, as well as a public announcement at such time as the suspension is no longer in effect. For purposes of this Section 11(a)(iv), the value of the Common Shares shall be the current per share market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement) of the Common Shares on the Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date and the value of any "" shall be deemed to have the same value as the Common Shares on such date.
provided
however
Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date
Substitution Period
common stock equivalent
 
(b) In case the Company shall, at any time after the date of this Agreement, fix a record date for the issuance of rights, options or warrants to all holders of Common Shares or of any class or series of Equivalent Shares entitling such holders (for a period expiring within forty-five (45) calendar days after such record date) to subscribe for or purchase Common Shares or Equivalent Shares or securities convertible into Common Shares or Equivalent Shares at a price per share (or having a conversion price per share, if a security convertible into Common Shares or Equivalent Shares) less than the then current per share market price of the Common Shares or Equivalent Shares (as defined in Section 11(d)) on such record date, then, in each such case, the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of Common Shares and Equivalent Shares (if any) outstanding on such record date, plus the number of Common Shares or Equivalent Shares, as the case may be, which the aggregate offering price of the total number of Common Shares or Equivalent Shares, as the case may be, so to be offered (and/or the aggregate initial conversion price of the
 
convertible securities so to be offered) would purchase at such current market price, and the denominator of which shall be the number of Common Shares and Equivalent Shares (if any) outstanding on such record date, plus the number of additional Common Shares or Equivalent Shares, as the case may be, to be offered for subscription or purchase (or into which the convertible securities so to be offered are initially convertible). In case such subscription price may be paid in a consideration part or all of which shall be in a form other than cash, the value of such consideration shall be as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be binding on the Rights Agent and the holders of the Rights. Common Shares and Equivalent Shares owned by or held for the account of the Company shall not be deemed outstanding for the purpose of any such computation. Such adjustment shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed, and in the event that such rights, options or warrants are not so issued, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would then be in effect if such record date had not been fixed.
 
(c) In case the Company shall, at any time after the date of this Agreement, fix a record date for the making of a distribution to all holders of the Common Shares or of any class or series of Equivalent Shares (including any such distribution made in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation) of evidences of indebtedness or assets (other than a regular quarterly cash dividend, if any, or a dividend payable in Common Shares) or subscription rights, options or warrants (excluding those referred to in Section 11(b)), then, in each such case, the Purchase Price to be in effect after such record date shall be determined by multiplying the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such record date by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the current per share market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement) of a Common Share or an Equivalent Share on such record date, less the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent) of the portion of the cash, assets or evidences of indebtedness so to be distributed or of such subscription rights or warrants applicable to a Common Share or Equivalent Share, as the case may be, and the denominator of which shall be such current market price (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement) of a Common Share or Equivalent Share on such record date. Such adjustments shall be made successively whenever such a record date is fixed, and in the event that such distribution is not so made, the Purchase Price shall be adjusted to be the Purchase Price which would have been in effect if such record date had not been fixed.
 
(d) For the purpose of any computation hereunder, other than computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iv) of this Agreement, the "" of any security (a "" for the purpose of this Section 11(d)) on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices per share of such Security for the thirty (30) consecutive Trading Days (as such term is hereinafter defined) immediately prior to such date, and for purposes of computations made pursuant to Section 11(a)(iv) of this Agreement, the "" of any Security on any date shall be deemed to be the average of the daily closing prices per share of such Security for the ten (10) consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to such date; , , that in the event that the current per share market price of the Security is determined during a period following the announcement by the issuer of such
current per share market price
Security
current per share market price
provided
however
 
Security of (i) a dividend or distribution on such Security payable in shares of such Security or securities convertible into such shares or (ii) any subdivision, combination or reclassification of such Security, and prior to the expiration of the requisite thirty (30) Trading Day or ten (10) Trading Day period, after the ex-dividend date for such dividend or distribution, or the record date for such subdivision, combination or reclassification, then, and in each such case, the current per share market price shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the current market price per share equivalent of such Security. The closing price for each day shall be the last sale price, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to trading or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last sale price or, if such last sale price is not reported, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the Nasdaq National Market ("") or such other system then in use, or, if on any such date the Security is not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in the Security selected by the Board of Directors of the Company. If on any such date no market maker is making a market in the Common Shares, the fair value of such shares on such date as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company shall be used. The term "" shall mean a day on which the principal national securities exchange on which the Security is listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business or, if the Security is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, a Business Day. If the Common Shares are not publicly held or so listed or traded, "" shall mean the fair value per share as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, whose determination shall be described in a statement filed with the Rights Agent and shall be conclusive for all purposes.
Nasdaq
Trading Day
current per share market price
 
(e) Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, no adjustment in the Purchase Price shall be required unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least 1% in the Purchase Price; , , that any adjustments which by reason of this Section 11(e) are not required to be made shall be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All calculations under this Section 11 shall be made to the nearest cent or to the nearest ten-thousandth of a Common Share or other share or one hundred-thousandth of a Preferred Share, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the first sentence of this Section 11(e), any adjustment required by this Section 11 shall be made no later than the earlier of (i) three (3) years from the date of the transaction which requires such adjustment or (ii) the Expiration Date.
provided
however
 
(f) If as a result of an adjustment made pursuant to Section 11(a) or 13(a) of this Agreement, the holder of any Right thereafter exercised shall become entitled to receive any shares of capital stock other than Preferred Shares, thereafter the number of such other shares so receivable upon exercise of any Right and if required, the Purchase Price thereof, shall be subject to adjustment from time to time in a manner and on terms as nearly equivalent as practicable to the provisions with respect to the Common Shares contained in Sections 11(a), (b), (c), (e), (h), (i), (j), (k), (1) and (m), and the provisions of Sections 7, 9, 10, 13 and 14 with respect to the Preferred Shares shall apply on like terms to any such other shares.
 
(g) All Rights originally issued by the Company subsequent to any adjustment made to the Purchase Price hereunder shall evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share purchasable from time to time hereunder upon exercise of the Rights, all subject to further adjustment as provided herein.
 
(h) Unless the Company shall have exercised its election as provided in Section 11(i), upon each adjustment of the Purchase Price as a result of the calculations made in Section 11(b), each Right outstanding immediately prior to the making of such adjustment shall thereafter evidence the right to purchase, at the adjusted Purchase Price, that number of Preferred Shares (calculated to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a share) obtained by (i) multiplying (x) the number of Preferred Shares covered by a Right immediately prior to this adjustment, by (y) the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment of the Purchase Price, and (ii) dividing the product so obtained by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after such adjustment of the Purchase Price.
 
(i) The Company may elect on or after the date of any adjustment of the Purchase Price as a result of the calculations made in Section 11(b) to adjust the number of Rights, in substitution for any adjustment in the number of Preferred Shares purchasable upon the exercise of a Right. Each of the Rights outstanding after such adjustment of the number of Rights shall be exercisable for the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to such adjustment. Each Right held of record prior to such adjustment of the number of Rights shall become that number of Rights (calculated to the nearest ten-thousandth) obtained by dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to adjustment of the Purchase Price by the Purchase Price in effect immediately after adjustment of the Purchase Price. The Company shall make a public announcement of its election to adjust the number of Rights, indicating the record date for the adjustment, and, if known at the time, the amount of the adjustment to be made. This record date may be the date on which the Purchase Price is adjusted or any day thereafter, but, if the Rights Certificates have been issued, shall be at least ten (10) days later than the date of the public announcement. If Rights Certificates have been issued, upon each adjustment of the number of Rights pursuant to this Section 11(i), the Company shall, as promptly as practicable, cause to be distributed to holders of record of Rights Certificates on such record date Rights Certificates evidencing, subject to Section 14 of this Agreement, the additional Rights to which such holders shall be entitled as a result of such adjustment, or, at the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed to such holders of record in substitution and replacement for the Rights Certificates held by such holders prior to the date of adjustment, and upon surrender thereof, if required by the Company, new Rights Certificates evidencing all the Rights to which such holders shall be entitled after such adjustment. Rights Certificates so to be distributed shall be issued, executed and countersigned in the manner provided for herein (and may bear, at the option of the Company, the adjusted Purchase Price) and shall be registered in the names of the holders of record of Rights Certificates on the record date specified in the public announcement.
 
(j) Irrespective of any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price or the number of Preferred Shares issuable upon the exercise of the Rights, the Rights Certificates theretofore and thereafter issued may continue to express the Purchase Price per one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share and the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share which were expressed in the initial Rights Certificates issued hereunder.
 
(k) Before taking any action that would cause an adjustment reducing the Purchase Price below the par or stated value, if any, of the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share issuable upon exercise of the Rights, the Company shall take any corporate action which may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary in order that the Company may validly and legally issue as fully paid and nonassessable shares such number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share at such adjusted Purchase Price.
 
(1) In any case in which this Section 11 shall require that an adjustment in the Purchase Price be made effective as of a record date for a specified event, the Company may elect to defer until the occurrence of such event the issuing to the holder of any Right exercised after such record date of the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise over and above the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share and other capital stock or securities of the Company, if any, issuable upon such exercise on the basis of the Purchase Price in effect prior to such adjustment; , , that the Company shall deliver to such holder a due bill or other appropriate instrument evidencing such holder's right to receive such additional shares (fractional or otherwise) upon the occurrence of the event requiring such adjustment.
provided
however
 
(m) Anything in this Section 11 to the contrary notwithstanding, prior to the Distribution Date, the Company shall be entitled to make such reductions in the Purchase Price, in addition to those adjustments expressly required by this Section 11, as and to the extent that it in its sole discretion shall determine to be advisable in order that any (i) consolidation or subdivision of the Preferred or Common Shares, (ii) issuance wholly for cash of any Preferred or Common Shares at less than the current market price, (iii) issuance wholly for cash of Preferred or Common Shares or securities which by their terms are convertible into or exchangeable for Preferred or Common Shares, (iv) stock dividends or (v) issuance of rights, options or warrants referred to in this Section 11, hereafter made by the Company to holders of its Preferred or Common Shares shall not be taxable to such stockholders.
 
(n) The Company covenants and agrees that it shall not, at any time after the Distribution Date, effect or permit to occur any Triggering Event or Section 13 Event, if (i) at the time or immediately after such Triggering Event or Section 13 Event there are any rights, warrants or other instruments or securities outstanding or agreements in effect which would substantially diminish or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights or (ii) prior to, simultaneously with or immediately after such Section 13 Event, the stockholders of the Person who constitutes, or would constitute, the "" for purposes of Section 13(b) of this Agreement shall have received a distribution of Rights previously owned by such Person or any of its Affiliates and Associates.
Principal Party
 
(o) The Company covenants and agrees that, after the Distribution Date, it will not, except as permitted by Sections 23, 24 or 27 of this Agreement, take (or permit to be taken) any action if at the time such action is taken it is reasonably foreseeable that such action will diminish substantially or otherwise eliminate the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights.
 
(p) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event the Company shall at any time after the date of this Agreement (A) declare a dividend on the Preferred Shares payable in Preferred Shares, (B) subdivide the outstanding Preferred Shares, (C) combine the outstanding Preferred Shares (by reverse stock split or otherwise) into a smaller number of Preferred Shares, or (D) issue any shares of its capital stock in a reclassification of the Preferred Shares (including any such reclassification in connection with a consolidation or merger in which the Company is the continuing or surviving corporation), then, in each such event, except as otherwise provided in this Section 11 and Section 7(e) of this Agreement: (1) each of the Rights outstanding at the time of the record date for such dividend or the effective date of such subdivision, combination or reclassification shall be proportionately adjusted to that number of Rights (calculated to the nearest one ten-thousandth (1/10,000) of a Right) equal to a fraction (the ""), the numerator of which shall be the total number of Preferred Shares or shares of capital stock issued in such reclassification of the Preferred Shares outstanding immediately following such time and the denominator of which shall be the total number of Preferred Shares outstanding immediately prior to such time, and the number of Rights that shall thereafter be issued with respect to each Common Share or share of other capital stock that shall be issued in a reclassification of the Common Shares prior to the Distribution Date shall be equal to the total number of outstanding Rights immediately after such event (as adjusted pursuant to this clause (1)) divided by the total number of outstanding Common Shares or shares of such other capital stock immediately after such event (subject to further adjustment pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement); (2) the Purchase Price in effect at the time of the record date for such dividend or of the effective date of such subdivision, combination or reclassification shall be adjusted so that the Purchase Price thereafter shall equal the result obtained by dividing the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such time by the Exchange Fraction; , , that in no event shall the consideration to be paid upon the exercise of one Right be less than the aggregate par value of the shares of capital stock of the Company issuable upon exercise of such Right; and (3) the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share or share of such other capital stock issuable upon the exercise of each Right shall remain unchanged immediately after such event, but, in the event of a reclassification, the kind of shares issuable upon the exercise of each Right immediately after such reclassification shall be adjusted to be the kind of shares of such other capital stock issued in such reclassification, rather than Preferred Shares.
Exchange Fraction
provided
however
 
12. . Whenever an adjustment is made as provided in Sections 11 and 13 of this Agreement, the Company shall promptly (a) prepare a certificate setting forth such adjustment and a brief statement of the facts accounting for such adjustment, (b) file with the Rights Agent and with each transfer agent for the Preferred Shares a copy of such certificate and (c) if such adjustment occurs after the Distribution Date, mail a brief summary thereof to each holder of a Rights Certificate in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, the failure of the Company to make such certification or give such notice shall not affect the validity
Certificate of Adjusted Purchase Price or Number of Shares
 
of such adjustment or the force or effect of the requirement for such adjustment. The Rights Agent shall be fully protected in relying on any such certificate and on any adjustment contained therein and shall not be deemed to have knowledge of such adjustment unless and until it shall have received such certificate.
 
13. .
Consolidation, Merger or Sale or Transfer of Assets or Earning Power
 
(a) In the event that, following the Shares Acquisition Date, directly or indirectly:
 
(i) the Company shall consolidate with, or merge with and into, any other Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction the principal purpose of which is to change the state of incorporation of the Company or that complies with Section 11(o) of this Agreement);
 
(ii) any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company in a transaction that complies with Section 11(o) of this Agreement) shall consolidate with the Company, or merge with and into the Company and the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation of such consolidation or merger; or
 
(iii) the Company shall sell or otherwise transfer (or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall sell or otherwise transfer), in one or more transactions, assets or earning power aggregating 50% or more of the assets or earning power of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taken as a whole) to any other Person or Persons (other than the Company or one or more of its wholly owned Subsidiaries in one or more transactions, each of which complies with Section 11(o) of this Agreement),
 
then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that:
 
(A) each holder of a Right (except as otherwise provided herein) shall thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such number of validly authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable Common Shares of the Principal Party (as hereinafter defined), free of any liens, encumbrances, rights of first refusal or other adverse claims, as shall be equal to the result obtained by (1) multiplying the then current Purchase Price by the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event (or, if a Triggering Event has occurred prior to the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, multiplying the number of such one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share for which a Right was exercisable immediately prior to the first occurrence of a Triggering Event by the Purchase Price in effect immediately prior to such first occurrence) and (2) dividing that product (which, following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event, shall be referred to as the "" for each Right and for all purposes of this Agreement) by 50% of the current per share market price (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement) of the Common Shares of such Principal Party on the date of consummation of such Section 13 Event;
Total Exercise Price
 
(B) such Principal Party shall thereafter be liable for, and shall assume, by virtue of such Section 13 Event, all the obligations and duties of the Company pursuant to this Agreement;
 
(C) the term "" shall thereafter be deemed to refer to such Principal Party, it being specifically intended that the provisions of Section 11 of this Agreement shall apply only to such Principal Party following the first occurrence of a Section 13 Event;
Company
 
(D) such Principal Party shall take such steps (including, but not limited to, the reservation of a sufficient number of its Common Shares) in connection with the consummation of any such transaction as may be necessary to assure that the provisions of this Agreement shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably may be, in relation to its Common Shares thereafter deliverable upon the exercise of the Rights.
 
(b) "" shall mean, in the case of any transaction described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) of Section 13(a), the Person referred to therein or such Person's successor, including, if applicable, the Company, if it is the surviving corporation), , , that in any such case, (i) if such Person is a direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person, "" shall refer to such other Person and (ii) in case such Person is a Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, of more than one Person, "" shall refer to whichever of such Persons is the issuer of the Common Shares having the greatest aggregate value, and , , that for purposes of transactions described in clause (iii) of this Section 13(b), "" shall refer to that Person receiving the greatest portion of the assets or earning power transferred pursuant to such transaction or transactions.
Principal Party
provided
however
Principal Party
Principal Party
provided
further
Principal Party
 
(c) If, for any reason, the Rights cannot be exercised for Common Shares of such Principal Party as provided in Section 13(a), then each holder of Rights shall have the right to exchange its Rights for cash from such Principal Party in an amount equal to the number of Common Shares that it would otherwise be entitled to purchase times 50% of the current per share market price, as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement, of such Common Shares of such Principal Party. If, for any reason, the foregoing formulation cannot be applied to determine the cash amount into which the Rights are exchangeable, then the Board of Directors, based upon the advice of one or more nationally recognized investment banking firms, and based upon the total value of the Company, shall determine such amount reasonably and with good faith to the holders of Rights. Any such determination shall be final and binding on the Rights Agent.
 
(d) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Section 13 shall not be applicable to a transaction described in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 13(a) if: (i) such transaction is consummated with a Person or Persons who acquired Common Shares pursuant to a Permitted Offer (or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of any such Person or Persons); (ii) the price per share of Common Shares offered in such transaction is not less than the price per share of Common Shares paid to all holders of Common Shares whose shares were purchased pursuant to such Permitted Offer; and (iii) the form of consideration being offered to the remaining holders of Common Shares pursuant to such transaction is the same form as the form of consideration paid pursuant to such Permitted Offer. Upon consummation of any such transaction contemplated by this Section 13(d), all Rights hereunder shall expire.
 
(e) The Company shall not consummate any Section 13 Event unless the Principal Party shall have a sufficient number of authorized Common Shares that have not been issued or reserved for issuance to permit the exercise in full of the Rights in accordance with this Section 13 and unless prior thereto the Company and such issuer shall have executed and delivered to the Rights Agent a supplemental agreement confirming that such Principal Party shall, upon consummation of such Section 13 Event, assume this Agreement in accordance with Sections 13(a) and (b) of this Agreement, that all rights of first refusal or preemptive rights in respect of the issuance of Common Shares of such Principal Party upon exercise of outstanding Rights have been waived, that there are no rights, warrants, instruments or securities outstanding or any agreements or arrangements which, as a result of the consummation of such transaction, would eliminate or substantially diminish the benefits intended to be afforded by the Rights and that such transaction shall not result in a default by such Principal Party under this Agreement, and further providing that, as soon as practicable after the date of such Section 13 Event, such Principal Party will:
 
(i) prepare and file a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Rights and the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on an appropriate form, use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to become effective as soon as practicable after such filing and use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to remain effective (with a prospectus at all times meeting the requirements of the Securities Act) until the Expiration Date, and similarly comply with applicable state securities laws;
 
(ii) use its best efforts to list (or continue the listing of) the Rights and the securities purchasable upon exercise of the Rights on a national securities exchange or to meet the eligibility requirements for quotation on NASDAQ; and
 
(iii) deliver to holders of the Rights historical financial statements for such Principal Party which comply in all respects with the requirements for registration on Form 10 (or any successor form) under the Exchange Act.
 
In the event that at any time after the occurrence of a Triggering Event some or all of the Rights shall not have been exercised at the time of a transaction described in this Section 13, the Rights which have not theretofore been exercised shall thereafter be exercisable in the manner described in Section 13(a) (without taking into account any prior adjustment required by Section 11(a)(ii)).
 
(f) The provisions of this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive mergers or consolidations or sales or other transfers.
 
14.
.
Fractional Rights and Fractional Shares
 
(a) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Rights or to distribute Rights Certificates that evidence fractional Rights. In lieu of such fractional Rights, at
 
the election of the Company, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates with regard to which such fractional Rights would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a whole Right. For the purposes of this Section 14(a), the current market value of a whole Right shall be the closing price of the Rights for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date on which such fractional Rights would have been otherwise issuable, as determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 11(d) of this Agreement.
 
(b) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Preferred Shares (other than fractions that are integral multiples of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share) upon exercise of the Rights or to distribute certificates which evidence fractional Preferred Shares (other than fractions that are integral multiples of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share). In lieu of fractional Preferred Shares that are not integral multiples of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share, the Company shall pay to the registered holders of Rights Certificates at the time such Rights are exercised as herein provided an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market value of a Common Share. For purposes of this Section 14(b), the current market value of a Common Share shall be the closing price of a Common Share (as determined pursuant to the second sentence of Section 11(d) of this Agreement) for the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of such exercise.
 
(c) The holder of a Right by the acceptance of the Right expressly waives his or her right to receive any fractional Rights or any fractional shares upon exercise of a Right.
 
15. All rights of action in respect of this Agreement, excepting the rights of action given to the Rights Agent under Section 18 of this Agreement, are vested in the respective registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the registered holders of the Common Shares); and any registered holder of any Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), without the consent of the Rights Agent or of the holder of any other Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, of the Common Shares), may, in his or her own behalf and for his or her own benefit, enforce, and may institute and maintain any suit, action or proceeding against the Company to enforce, or otherwise act in respect of, his or her right to exercise the Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate in the manner provided in such Rights Certificate and in this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing or any remedies available to the holders of Rights, it is specifically acknowledged that the holders of Rights would not have an adequate remedy at law for any breach of this Agreement and will be entitled to specific performance of the obligations under, and injunctive relief against actual or threatened violations of, the obligations of any Person subject to this Agreement.
.
Rights of Action
 
16. Every holder of a Right, by accepting the same, consents and agrees with the Company and the Rights Agent and with every other holder of a Right that:
.
Agreement of Rights Holders
 
(a) prior to the Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferable only in connection with the transfer of the Common Shares;
 
(b) after the Distribution Date, the Rights Certificates are transferable only on the registry books of the Rights Agent if surrendered at the office or offices of the Rights Agent designated for such purposes, duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument of transfer and with the appropriate forms and certificates fully executed; and
 
(c) subject to Sections 6(a) and 7(f) of this Agreement, the Company and the Rights Agent may deem and treat the person in whose name the Rights Certificate (or, prior to the Distribution Date, the associated Common Shares certificate) is registered as the absolute owner thereof and of the Rights evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any notations of ownership or writing on the Rights Certificates or the associated Common Shares certificate made by anyone other than the Company or the Rights Agent) for all purposes whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Rights Agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.
 
17. No holder, as such, of any Rights Certificate shall be entitled to vote, receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred Shares or any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise of the Rights represented thereby, nor shall anything contained herein or in any Rights Certificate be construed to confer upon the holder of any Rights Certificate, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in Section 25 of this Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by such Rights Certificate shall have been exercised in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.
.
Rights Certificate Holder Not Deemed a Stockholder
 
18.
.
Concerning the Rights Agent
 
(a) The Company agrees to pay to the Rights Agent such compensation as shall be agreed upon in writing between the Company and the Rights Agent for all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to time, on demand of the Rights Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel fees and other disbursements incurred in the administration and execution of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder. The Company also agrees to indemnify the Rights Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any loss, liability or expense, incurred without negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct on the part of the Rights Agent, for anything done or omitted by the Rights Agent in connection with the acceptance and administration of this Agreement, including the costs and expenses of defending against any claim of liability in the premises.
 
(b) The Rights Agent shall be protected and shall incur no liability for, or in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in connection with, its administration of this Agreement in reliance upon any Rights Certificate or certificate for the Common Shares or for other securities of the Company, instrument of assignment or transfer, power of attorney, endorsement, affidavit, letter, notice, direction, consent, certificate, statement or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to be signed, executed and, where necessary, verified or acknowledged, by the proper Person or Persons, or otherwise upon the advice of counsel as set forth in Section 20 of this Agreement.
 
19.
.
Merger or Consolidation or Change of Name of Rights Agent
 
(a) Any corporation into which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent shall be a party, or any corporation succeeding to the stockholder services business of the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent, shall be the successor to the Rights Agent under this Agreement without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties to this Agreement; , , that such corporation would be eligible for appointment as a successor Rights Agent under the provisions of Section 21 of this Agreement. In case at the time such successor Rights Agent shall succeed to the agency created by this Agreement, any of the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such successor Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature of the predecessor Rights Agent and deliver such Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, any successor Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Rights Agent or in the name of the successor Rights Agent; and in all such cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement.
provided
however
 
(b) In case at any time the name of the Rights Agent shall be changed and at such time any of the Rights Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, the Rights Agent may adopt the countersignature under its prior name and deliver Rights Certificates so countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Rights Certificates shall not have been countersigned, the Rights Agent may countersign such Rights Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and in all such cases such Rights Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Rights Certificates and in this Agreement.
 
20. The Rights Agent undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the holders of Rights Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:
.
Duties of Rights Agent
 
(a) The Rights Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion or advice of such counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection to the Rights Agent as to any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such opinion or advice.
 
(b) Whenever in the performance of its duties under this Agreement the Rights Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any fact or matter (including, without limitation, the identity of any Acquiring Person and the determination of "") be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate signed by any one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Rights Agent; and such certificate shall be full authorization to the Rights Agent for any action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this Agreement in reliance upon such certificate.
current per share market price
 
(c) The Rights Agent shall be liable hereunder to the Company and any other Person only for its own negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct.
 
(d) The Rights Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the Rights Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required to verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be deemed to have been made by the Company only.
 
(e) The Rights Agent shall not be under any responsibility in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery of this Agreement (except the due execution of this Agreement by the Rights Agent) or in respect of the validity or execution of any Rights Certificate (except its countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in any Rights Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for any change in the exercisability of the Rights or any adjustment in the terms of the Rights (including the manner, method or amount thereof) provided for in Sections 3, 11, 13, 23 or 24, or the ascertaining of the existence of facts that would require any such change or adjustment (except with respect to the exercise of Rights evidenced by Rights Certificates after receipt by the Rights Agent of a certificate furnished pursuant to Section 12 describing such change or adjustment); nor shall it by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation of any Preferred Shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement or any Rights Certificate or as to whether any Preferred Shares will, when issued, be validly authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
 
(f) The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may reasonably be required by the Rights Agent for the carrying out or performing by the Rights Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.
 
(g) The Rights Agent is hereby authorized and directed to accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from any one of the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Company, and to apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its duties, and it shall not be liable for any action taken or suffered by it in good faith in accordance with instructions of any such officer or for any delay in acting while waiting for those instructions. Any application by the Rights Agent for written instructions from the Company may, at the option of the Rights Agent, set forth in writing any action proposed to be taken or omitted by the Rights Agent under this Rights Agreement and the date on and/or after which such action shall be taken or such omission shall be effective. The Rights Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by, or omission of, the Rights Agent in accordance with a proposal included in any such application on or after the date specified in such application (which date shall not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date any officer of the Company actually receives such application, unless any such officer shall have consented in writing to an earlier date) unless, prior to taking any such action (or the effective date in the case of an omission), the Rights Agent shall have received written instructions in response to such application specifying the action to be taken or omitted.
 
(h) The Rights Agent and any stockholder, director, officer or employee of the Rights Agent may buy, sell or deal in any of the Rights or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company may be interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act as fully and freely as though it were not Rights Agent under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Rights Agent from acting in any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.
 
(i) The Rights Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself or by or through its attorneys or agents, and the Rights Agent shall not be answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of any such attorneys or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided reasonable care was exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof.
 
(j) No provision of this Agreement shall require the Rights Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or in the exercise of its rights if there shall be reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnification against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.
 
(k) If, with respect to any Rights Certificate surrendered to the Rights Agent for exercise or transfer, the certificate attached to the form of assignment or form of election to purchase, as the case may be, has either not been completed or indicates an affirmative response to clause 1 and/or 2 thereof, the Rights Agent shall not take any further action with respect to such requested exercise or transfer without first consulting with the Company.
 
21. The Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent may resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon thirty (30) days' notice in writing mailed to the Company and to each transfer agent of the Preferred Shares and the Common Shares by registered or certified mail. The Company may remove the Rights Agent or any successor Rights Agent upon thirty (30) days' notice in writing, mailed to the Rights Agent or successor Rights Agent, as the case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Preferred Shares and the Common Shares by registered or certified mail. If the Rights Agent shall resign or be removed or shall otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall appoint a successor to the Rights Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of thirty (30) days after giving notice of such removal or after it has been notified in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or incapacitated Rights Agent or by the holder of a Rights Certificate (who shall, with such notice, submit his or her Rights Certificate for inspection by the Company), then the registered holder of any Rights Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Rights Agent. Any successor Rights Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a court, shall either (a) be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws of the United States or of any state of the United States, in good standing, which is authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trust or stockholder
.
Change of Rights Agent
 
services powers and is subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authority and which has at the time of its appointment as Rights Agent a combined capital and surplus of at least $50 million or (b) an affiliate of such a corporation. After appointment, the successor Rights Agent shall be vested with the same powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally named as Rights Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor Rights Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Rights Agent any property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not later than the effective date of any such appointment, the Company shall file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Rights Agent and each transfer agent of the Preferred Shares and the Common Shares. Failure to give any notice provided for in this Section 21, however, or any defect therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the Rights Agent or the appointment of the successor Rights Agent, as the case may be.
 
22. Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this Agreement or of the Rights to the contrary, the Company may, at its option, issue new Rights Certificates evidencing Rights in such form as may be approved by its Board of Directors to reflect any adjustment or change in the Purchase Price and the number or kind or class of shares or other securities or property purchasable under the Rights Certificates made in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. In addition, in connection with the issuance or sale of Common Shares following the Distribution Date and prior to the redemption or expiration of the Rights, the Company (a) shall, with respect to Common Shares so issued or sold pursuant to the exercise of stock options or under any employee plan or arrangement or upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities hereinafter issued by the Company and (b) may, in any other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board of Directors of the Company, issue Rights Certificates representing the appropriate number of Rights in connection with such issuance or sale; , , that (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued and this sentence shall be null and void if, and to the extent that, such issuance or this sentence would create a significant risk of or result in material adverse tax consequences to the Company or the Person to whom such Rights Certificate would be issued or would create a significant risk of or result in such options' or employee plans' or arrangements' failing to qualify for otherwise available special tax treatment and (ii) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the extent that, appropriate adjustment shall otherwise have been made in lieu of the issuance thereof.
.
Issuance of New Rights Certificates
provided
however
ab initio
 
23.
.
Redemption
 
(a) The Company may, at its option and with the approval of the Board of Directors, at any time prior to the Close of Business on the earlier of (i) the tenth day following the Shares Acquisition Date or such later date as may be determined by action of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company and publicly announced by the Company or (ii) the Final Expiration Date, redeem all but not less than all the then outstanding Rights at a redemption price of $0.000148 per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date of this Agreement (such redemption price being herein referred to as the "Redemption Price") and the Company may, at its option, pay the Redemption Price either in Common Shares (based on the current per share market price thereof (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement) at the time of redemption) or cash.
 
(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors of the Company ordering the redemption of the Rights, evidence of which shall have been filed with the Rights Agent, and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right thereafter of the holders of Rights shall be to receive the Redemption Price. Within ten (10) days after the action of the Board of Directors ordering the redemption of the Rights, the Company shall give notice of such redemption to the Rights Agent and the holders of the then outstanding Rights by mailing such notice to all such holders at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent or, prior to the Distribution Date, on the registry books of the transfer agent for the Common Shares. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of redemption will state the method by which the payment of the Redemption Price will be made. Neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates or Associates may redeem, acquire or purchase for value any Rights at any time in any manner other than that specifically set forth in this Section 23 or in Section 24 of this Agreement, and other than in connection with the purchase of Common Shares prior to the Distribution Date.
 
24.
.
Exchange
 
(a) Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations, and subject to subsection (c) below, the Company may, at its option, by majority vote of the Board of Directors, at any time after the occurrence of a Triggering Event, exchange all or part of the then outstanding and exercisable Rights (which shall not include Rights that have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) of this Agreement) for Common Shares at an exchange ratio of one Common Share per Right, appropriately adjusted to reflect any stock split, stock dividend or similar transaction occurring after the date of this Agreement (such exchange ratio being hereinafter referred to as the ""). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors shall not be empowered to effect such exchange at any time after any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any employee benefit plan of the Company or any such Subsidiary, or any entity holding Common Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan), together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of 50% or more of the Common Shares then outstanding.
Ratio of Exchange
 
(b) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder of such Rights shall be to receive that number of Common Shares equal to the number of such Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Ratio of Exchange. The Company shall give public notice of any such exchange; , , that the failure to give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the validity of such exchange. The Company shall mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the Rights Agent. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the method by which the exchange of the Common Shares for Rights will be effected and, in the event of any partial exchange, the number of Rights which will be exchanged. Any partial exchange shall be effected pro rata based on the number of Rights (other than Rights which have become void pursuant to the provisions of Section 7(e) of this Agreement) held by each holder of Rights.
provided
however
 
(c) In the event that there shall not be sufficient Common Shares issued but not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit any exchange of Rights as contemplated in accordance with Section 24(a), the Company shall either take such action as may be necessary to authorize additional Common Shares for issuance upon exchange of the Rights or alternatively, at the option of a majority of the Board of Directors, with respect to each Right (i) pay cash in an amount equal to the Current Value (as hereinafter defined), in lieu of issuing Common Shares in exchange therefor, or (ii) issue debt or equity securities or a combination thereof, having a value equal to the Current Value, in lieu of issuing Common Shares in exchange for each such Right, where the value of such securities shall be determined by a nationally recognized investment banking firm selected by the Board of Directors by majority vote of the Board of Directors, or (iii) deliver any combination of cash, property, Common Shares and/or other securities having a value equal to the Current Value in exchange for each Right. For purposes of this Section 24(c) only, the Current Value shall mean the product of the current per share market price of Common Shares (determined pursuant to Section 11(d) on the date of the occurrence of the event described above in subparagraph (a)) multiplied by the number of Common Shares for which the Right otherwise would be exchangeable if there were sufficient shares available. To the extent that the Company determines that some action need be taken pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 24(c), the Board of Directors may temporarily suspend the exercisability of the Rights for a period of up to sixty (60) days following the date on which the event described in Section 24(a) shall have occurred, in order to seek any authorization of additional Common Shares and/or to decide the appropriate form of distribution to be made pursuant to the above provision and to determine the value thereof. In the event of any such suspension, the Company shall issue a public announcement stating that the exercisability of the Rights has been temporarily suspended.
 
(d) The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of Common Shares or to distribute certificates that evidence fractional Common Shares. In lieu of such fractional Common Shares, there shall be paid to the registered holders of the Rights Certificates with regard to which such fractional Common Shares would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current per share market value of a whole Common Share (as determined pursuant to Section 11(d) of this Agreement).
 
(e) The Company may, at its option, by majority vote of the Board of Directors, at any time before any Person has become an Acquiring Person, exchange all or part of the then outstanding Rights for rights of substantially equivalent value, as determined reasonably and with good faith by the Board of Directors, based upon the advice of one or more nationally recognized investment banking firms.
 
(f) Immediately upon the action of the Board of Directors ordering the exchange of any Rights pursuant to subsection (e) of this Section 24 and without any further action and without any notice, the right to exercise such Rights shall terminate and the only right thereafter of a holder of such Rights shall be to receive that number of rights in exchange therefor as has been determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with subsection (e) above. The Company shall give public notice of any such exchange; , , that the failure to
provided
however
 
give, or any defect in, such notice shall not affect the validity of such exchange. The Company shall mail a notice of any such exchange to all of the holders of such Rights at their last addresses as they appear upon the registry books of the transfer agent for the Common Shares of the Company. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be deemed given, whether or not the holder receives the notice. Each such notice of exchange will state the method by which the exchange of the Rights will be effected.
 
25.
.
Notice of Certain Events
 
(a) In case the Company shall propose to effect or permit to occur any Section 13 Event, the Company shall give notice thereof to each holder of Rights in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement at least twenty (20) days prior to occurrence of such Section 13 Event.
 
(b) In case any Triggering Event or Section 13 Event shall occur, then, in any such case, the Company shall as soon as practicable thereafter give to each holder of a Rights Certificate, in accordance with Section 26 of this Agreement, a notice of the occurrence of such event, which shall specify the event and the consequences of the event to holders of Rights under Sections 11(a)(ii) and 13 of this Agreement.
 
26. Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Rights Agent or by the holder of any Rights Certificate to or on the Company shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Rights Agent) as follows:
.
Notices
 
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, CA 94065
Attention: General Counsel
 
Subject to the provisions of Section 21 of this Agreement, any notice or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or by the holder of any Rights Certificate to or on the Rights Agent shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed (until another address is filed in writing with the Company) as follows:
 
Computershare Trust Company, N.A.
250 Royall Street
Canton, MA 02021
Attention: Client Administration
 
Notices or demands authorized by this Agreement to be given or made by the Company or the Rights Agent to the holder of any Rights Certificate shall be sufficiently given or made if sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to such holder at the address of such holder as shown on the registry books of the Company.
 
27. . Prior to the Distribution Date, the Company, following the approval of a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, may supplement or amend this Agreement in any respect without the approval of any holders of Rights and the Rights Agent shall, if the Company so directs, execute such supplement or amendment. From and after the Distribution Date, the Company and the Rights Agent may from time to time supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any holders of Rights in order to (i) cure any ambiguity, (ii) correct or supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provisions herein, (iii) shorten or lengthen any time period hereunder or (iv) to change or supplement the provisions hereunder in any manner that the Company may deem necessary or desirable and that shall not adversely affect the interests of the holders of Rights (other than an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person); provided, this Agreement may not be supplemented or amended to lengthen, pursuant to clause (iii) of this sentence, (A) a time period relating to when the Rights may be redeemed at such time as the Rights are not then redeemable or (B) any other time period unless such lengthening is for the purpose of protecting, enhancing or clarifying the rights of, and/or the benefits to, the holders of Rights. Upon the delivery of a certificate from an appropriate officer of the Company that states that the proposed supplement or amendment is in compliance with the terms of this Section 27, the Rights Agent shall execute such supplement or amendment. Prior to the Distribution Date, the interests of the holders of Rights shall be deemed coincident with the interests of the holders of Common Shares.
Supplements and Amendments
 
28. . All the covenants and provisions of this Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Rights Agent shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns hereunder.
Successors
 
29. . For all purposes of this Agreement, any calculation of the number of Common Shares outstanding at any particular time, including for purposes of determining the particular percentage of such outstanding Common Shares of which any Person is the Beneficial Owner, shall be made in accordance with the last sentence of Rule 13d-3(d)(1)(i) of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. The Board of Directors of the Company shall have the exclusive power and authority to administer this Agreement and to exercise all rights and powers specifically granted to the Board, or the Company, or as may be necessary or advisable in the administration of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the right and power to (i) interpret the provisions of this Agreement and (ii) make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable for the administration of this Agreement (including a determination to redeem or not redeem the Rights or to amend the Agreement). All such actions, calculations, interpretations and determinations (including, for purposes of clause (y) below, all omissions with respect to the foregoing) which are done or made by the Board in good faith, shall (x) be final, conclusive and binding on the Company, the Rights Agent, the holders of the Rights Certificates and all other parties and (y) not subject the Board or the members of the Board of Directors of the Company to any liability to the holders of the Rights.
Determinations and Actions by the Board of Directors, etc
 
30. . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to give to any Person other than the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the Common Shares) any legal or
Benefits of this Agreement
 
equitable right, remedy or claim under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit of the Company, the Rights Agent and the registered holders of the Rights Certificates (and, prior to the Distribution Date, the Common Shares).
 
31. . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated; , , that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any such term, provision, covenant or restriction is held by such court or authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable and the Board of Directors of the Company determines in its good faith judgment that severing the invalid language from this Agreement would adversely affect the purpose or effect of this Agreement, the right of redemption set forth in Section 23 of this Agreement shall be reinstated and shall not expire until the Close of Business on the tenth day following the date of such determination by the Board of Directors.
Severability
provided
however
 
32. . This Agreement and each Right and each Rights Certificate issued hereunder shall be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of Delaware and for all purposes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of such State applicable to contracts to be made and performed entirely within such State.
Governing Law
 
33. . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Counterparts
 
34. . Descriptive headings of the several Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions of this Agreement.
Descriptive Headings
 
The parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above.
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOT EXERCISABLE AFTER MARCH 31, 2008, OR EARLIER IF TERMINATED BY THE COMPANY. THE RIGHTS ARE SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION, AT THE OPTION OF THE COMPANY, AT $0.000148 PER RIGHT ON THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT. UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, RIGHTS BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT) AND ANY SUBSEQUENT HOLDER OF SUCH RIGHTS MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID. [THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED BY THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE ARE OR WERE BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY A PERSON WHO WAS OR BECAME AN ACQUIRING PERSON OR AN AFFILIATE OR ASSOCIATE OF AN ACQUIRING PERSON (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE RIGHTS AGREEMENT). ACCORDINGLY, THIS RIGHTS CERTIFICATE AND THE RIGHTS REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY BECOME NULL AND VOID IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES SPECIFIED IN SECTION 7(e) OF SUCH RIGHTS AGREEMENT.]
*
 
 
This certifies that , or registered assigns, is the registered owner of the number of Rights set forth above, each of which entitles the owner thereof, subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Preferred Shares Rights Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2006 (the ""), between Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (the ""), to purchase from the Company at any time after the Distribution Date (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) and prior to 5:00 P.M., Massachusetts time, on March 31, 2008, at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, or at the office of its successor as Rights Agent, one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth of a fully paid non-assessable share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock (the "") of the Company at a purchase price of $125.00 per one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth of a Preferred Share (the ""), upon presentation and surrender of this Rights Certificate with the Form of Election to Purchase and related Certificate duly executed. The number of Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate (and the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share which may be purchased upon exercise hereof) set forth above, are the number and Purchase Price as of January 31, 2006, based on the Preferred Shares as constituted at such date. As provided in the Rights Agreement, the Purchase Price and the number and kind of Preferred Shares or other securities which may be purchased upon the exercise of the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate are subject to modification and adjustment upon the happening of certain events.
                        
Rights Agreement
Company
Rights Agent
Preferred Shares
Purchase Price
 
This Rights Certificate is subject to all of the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Agreement, which terms, provisions and conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof and to which Rights Agreement reference is hereby made for a full description of the rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities hereunder of the Rights Agent, the Company and the holders of the Rights Certificates, which limitations of rights include the temporary suspension of the exercisability of such Rights under the specific circumstances set forth in the Rights Agreement. Copies of the Rights Agreement are on file at the principal executive offices of the Company and the above-mentioned office of the Rights Agent.
 
Subject to the provisions of the Rights Agreement, the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate (i) may be redeemed by the Company, at its option, at a redemption price of $0.000148 per Right or (ii) may be exchanged by the Company in whole or in part for Common Shares, substantially equivalent rights or other consideration as determined by the Company.
 
This Rights Certificate, with or without other Rights Certificates, upon surrender at the office of the Rights Agent designated for such purpose, may be exchanged for another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates of like tenor and date evidencing Rights entitling the holder to purchase a like aggregate amount of securities as the Rights evidenced by the Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates surrendered shall have entitled such holder to purchase. If this Rights Certificate shall be exercised in part, the holder shall be entitled to receive upon surrender hereof another Rights Certificate or Rights Certificates for the number of whole Rights not exercised.
 
At the election of the Company, no fractional portion less than integral multiples of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth of a Preferred Share will be issued upon the exercise of any Right or Rights evidenced hereby but in lieu thereof a cash payment will be made, as provided in the Rights Agreement.
 
No holder of this Rights Certificate, as such, shall be entitled to vote or receive dividends or be deemed for any purpose the holder of the Preferred Shares or of any other securities of the Company which may at any time be issuable on the exercise hereof, nor shall anything contained in the Rights Agreement or herein be construed to confer upon the holder hereof, as such, any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company or any right to vote for the election of directors or upon any matter submitted to stockholders at any meeting thereof, or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action, or to receive notice of meetings or other actions affecting stockholders (except as provided in the Rights Agreement), or to receive dividends or subscription rights, or otherwise, until the Right or Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate shall have been exercised as provided in the Rights Agreement.
 
This Rights Certificate shall not be valid or obligatory for any purpose until it shall have been countersigned by an authorized signatory of the Rights Agent.
 
WITNESS the signature of the proper officers of the Company and its corporate seal. Dated as of , 2006.
                    
 
 
 
 
 
(To be executed by the registered holder if such holder desires to transfer the Rights Certificate)
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED hereby sells,
                                                                                                                                                   
 
assigns and transfers unto  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
this Rights Certificate, together with all right, title and interest therein, and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint Attorney, to transfer the Rights Certificate on the books of the within-named Company, with full power of substitution.
                                             
 
Dated: ,
                        
        
 
 
Signature Guaranteed:
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., a commercial bank or trust company having an office or correspondent in the United States or any other member of a medallion signature guarantee program approved by the Securities Transfer Association.
 
The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes that:
 
(1) this Rights Certificate [ ] is [ ] is not being sold, assigned and transferred by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person, or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement);
 
(2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate from any Person who is, was or subsequently became an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Person.
 
Dated: ,
                        
        
 
 
Signature Guaranteed:
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., a commercial bank or trust company having an office or correspondent in the United States or any other member of a medallion signature guarantee program approved by the Securities Transfer Association.
 
 
 
To:
                        
 
The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise Rights represented by this Rights Certificate to purchase the number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share issuable upon the exercise of such Rights and requests that certificates for such number of one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share be issued in the name of:
                                
 
Please insert social security or other identifying number
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
If such number of Rights shall not be all the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate, a new Rights Certificate for the balance shall be registered in the name of and delivered to:
 
Please insert social security or other identifying number
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
Dated: ,
                        
        
 
 
Signature Guaranteed:
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., a commercial bank or trust company having an office or correspondent in the United States or any other member of a medallion signature guarantee program approved by the Securities Transfer Association.
 
The undersigned hereby certifies by checking the appropriate boxes that:
 
(1) the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate [ ] are [ ] are not being exercised by or on behalf of a Person who is or was an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Person (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement);
 
(2) after due inquiry and to the best knowledge of the undersigned, it [ ] did [ ] did not acquire the Rights evidenced by this Rights Certificate from any Person who is, was or subsequently became an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of any such Person.
 
Dated: ,
                        
        
 
Signature Guaranteed:
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by a member firm of a registered national securities exchange, a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., a commercial bank or trust company having an office or correspondent in the United States or any other member of a medallion signature guarantee program approved by the Securities Transfer Association.
 
 
The signature in the foregoing Forms of Assignment and Election must conform to the name as written upon the face of this Rights Certificate in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatsoever.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger among Oracle Corporation (the "Company"), Oracle Systems Corporation ("Old Oracle"), Siebel Systems, Inc., Ozark Merger Sub Inc. and Sierra Merger Sub Inc., dated as of September 12, 2005, as amended, the Company entered into a rights agreement with substantially identical terms and conditions as Old Oracle's Amended and Restated Preferred Shares Rights Agreement dated as of March 31, 1998, as amended. On January 31, 2006, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a dividend of one preferred share purchase right (a "Right") for each outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Shares"), of the Company. The dividend was paid to stockholders of record on January 31, 2006 (the "Record Date"). As of the date hereof, if certain events related to an unsolicited takeover attempt occur, each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), of the Company, at a price of $125.00 per one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth of a Preferred Share (the "Purchase Price"), subject to adjustment. The description and terms of the Rights are set forth in an Preferred Shares Rights Agreement (the "Rights Agreement") between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent, dated as of January 31, 2006.
 
Until the earlier to occur of (i) 10 days (or such later date as may be determined by action of a majority of the Company's Directors) following a public announcement that a person, or group of affiliated or associated persons (an "Acquiring Person"), has acquired beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the outstanding Common Shares (the date of such announcement being the "Shares Acquisition Date") or (ii) 10 days (or such later date as may be determined by action of a majority of the Company's Directors) following the date that a tender offer or exchange offer is first published or sent, the consummation of which would result in the beneficial ownership by a person or group of 15% or more of such outstanding Common Shares (the earlier of such dates being called the "Distribution Date"), the Rights will be evidenced by such Common Share certificates and no separate Rights Certificates will be distributed.
 
The Rights Agreement provides that, until the Distribution Date, the Rights will be transferred with and only with the Common Shares. Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), new Common Share certificates issued upon transfer or new issuance of Common Shares will contain a notation incorporating the Rights Agreement by reference. Until the Distribution Date (or earlier redemption or expiration of the Rights), the surrender for transfer of any certificates for Common Shares, even without such notation or a copy of the Summary of Rights being attached thereto, will also constitute the transfer of the Rights associated with the Common Shares represented by such certificate. As soon as practicable following the Distribution Date, separate certificates evidencing the Rights ("Right Certificates") will be mailed to holders of record of the Common Shares as of the close of business on the Distribution Date and such separate Right Certificates alone will evidence the Rights.
The Rights Agreement provides that Lawrence J. Ellison and his affiliates, associates and successors, certain successors thereto, or any other transferee approved by the Company's Board of Directors shall not be or become an Acquiring Person on account of the beneficial ownership of Common Shares of the Company by any of them, so long as Ellison and his affiliates, associates and successors, certain successors thereto, or any other transferee approved by the Company's Board of Directors, do not acquire from any third party other than the Company, in the aggregate, beneficial ownership of more than an additional 1% of the Company's Common Shares.
 
The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date. The Rights will expire on March 31, 2008 (the "Final Expiration Date"), unless the Final Expiration Date is extended or unless the Rights are earlier redeemed or exchanged by the Company, in each case, as described below.
 
The Purchase Price payable, and the number of Preferred Shares or other securities or property issuable, upon exercise of the Rights are subject to adjustment from time to time to prevent dilution (i) in the event of a stock dividend on, or a subdivision, combination or reclassification of, the Preferred Shares, (ii) upon the grant to holders of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares of certain rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase Common Shares or Preferred Shares at a price, or securities convertible into Common Shares or Preferred Shares with a conversion price, less than the then current market price of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares or (iii) upon the distribution to holders of the Common Shares or Preferred Shares of evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding regular periodic cash dividends paid out of earnings or retained earnings or dividends payable in Common Shares) or of subscription rights or warrants (other than those referred to above).
 
The number of Rights associated with each Common Share and the rights associated with each Preferred Share are also subject to adjustment in the event of a stock dividend on the Common Shares payable in Common Shares or subdivisions, consolidations or combinations of the Common Shares occurring, in any such case, prior to the Distribution Date.
 
Preferred Shares purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will not be redeemable and are junior to any other series of preferred stock the Company may issue (unless otherwise provided in the terms of such stock). Each Preferred Share will be entitled to a quarterly dividend payment of 10,125 times the dividend declared per Common Share. In the event of liquidation, each Preferred Share will be entitled to a $10,125.00 preference, and thereafter the holders of the Preferred Shares will be entitled to an aggregate payment of 10,125 times the aggregate payment made per Common Share. Each Preferred Share will have 10,125 votes, voting together with the Common Shares. Finally, in the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which Common Shares are exchanged, each Preferred Share will be entitled to receive 10,125 times the amount received per Common Share. These rights are protected by customary antidilution provisions.
Because of the nature of the Preferred Shares' dividend, liquidation and voting rights, the value of the one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieth interest in a Preferred Share purchasable upon exercise of each Right should approximate the value of one and one-half Common Shares.
 
In the event that, after the Shares Acquisition Date, the Company is acquired in a merger or other business combination transaction or 50% or more of its consolidated assets or earning power are sold, proper provision will be made so that each holder of a Right, other than Rights beneficially owned by an Acquiring Person, will thereafter have the right to receive, upon the exercise thereof at the then current exercise price of the Right, that number of shares of common stock of the acquiring company which at the time of such transaction will have a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right. In the event that any person becomes an Acquiring Person, proper provision shall be made so that each holder of a Right, other than Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereafter be void), will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise that number of Common Shares having a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right. If the Company does not have authorized but unissued Common Shares sufficient to satisfy such obligation to issue Common Shares, the Company is obligated to deliver upon payment of the exercise price of a Right an amount of cash or other securities equivalent in value to the Common Shares issuable upon exercise of a Right.
 
At any time after any person becomes an Acquiring Person and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Shares, by a majority vote of the Board of Directors, the Company may exchange the Rights (other than Rights owned by such person or group which have become void), in whole or in part, for Common Shares at an exchange ratio of one and one-half Common Shares per Right (subject to adjustment).
 
With certain exceptions, no adjustment in the Purchase Price will be required until cumulative adjustments require an adjustment of at least 1% in such Purchase Price. At the election of the Company, no fractional Preferred Shares will be issued (other than fractions which are integral multiples of the one-six thousand seven hundred fiftieths of a Preferred Share) and in lieu thereof, an adjustment in cash will be made based on the market price of the Preferred Shares on the last trading day prior to the date of exercise.
 
At any time prior to the earlier of (i) the close of business on the tenth day following the Shares Acquisition Date, or such later date as may be determined by a majority of the Company's Directors, and (ii) the expiration date of the Rights, the Board of Directors of the Company may redeem the Rights in whole, but not in part, at a price of $0.000148 per Right (the "Redemption Price"). The redemption of the Rights may be made effective at such time, on such basis and with such conditions as the Board of Directors in its sole discretion may establish. Immediately upon any redemption of the Rights, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate and the only right of the holders of Rights will be to receive the Redemption Price.
The terms of the Rights may be amended in any respect by the Board of Directors of the Company without the consent of the holders of the Rights, except that, from and after the Distribution Date, no such amendments shall be made without the approval of the holders of the Rights other than amendments made to (i) cure ambiguities, (ii) correct or supplement provisions that may be defective or inconsistent with other provisions of the Rights Agreement, (iii) shorten or lengthen any time period under the Rights Agreement, or (iv) change or supplement the provisions of the Rights Agreement in any manner the Company may deem necessary provided that such change or supplement does not adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Rights (other than an Acquiring Person). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms of the Rights may not be supplemented or amended from and after the Distribution Date to lengthen a time period relating to when the Rights may be redeemed at a time when the Rights are not by their terms redeemable or lengthen any other time period unless such lengthening is for the purpose of protecting, enhancing or clarifying the rights of, and/or the benefits to, the holders of the Rights.
 
Until a Right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including, without limitation, the right to vote or to receive dividends.
 
A copy of the Rights Agreement has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as a Registration Statement on Form 8-A. A copy of the Rights Agreement is available free of charge from the Company. This summary description of the Rights does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Rights Agreement, which is hereby incorporated herein by refer

Exhibit 99.1
 
Oracle Press Release
 
Contact(s):
 
 
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., 31-JAN-2006 Oracle Corporation announced today the completion of its acquisition of Siebel Systems, Inc.
 
"Oracle is now the undisputed leader in Customer Relationship Management software," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "Oracle's focus on modern, standards-based applications and middleware is moving us into a leadership position in applications and on-demand services. Siebel accelerates that move."
 
"Siebel's expertise with industry-specific customer-facing applications combined with rich analytics will not only serve as the centerpiece of our CRM strategy for Oracle Fusion Applications, but can also be used to extend our current customers investments today," said Oracle President Charles Phillips.
 
Former Siebel stockholders electing to receive Oracle common stock will receive a combination of stock and cash because the stock portion of the consideration was oversubscribed. The pro rata allocation of cash and stock payable to the electing holders will be announced following receipt of the final election results, which are expected to be available on or about February 2, 2006. Former Siebel stockholders not electing to receive Oracle common stock will receive $10.66 per share in cash. Oracle intends to repurchase shares in the marketplace equal to the amount issued effectively making it a cash transaction.
 
Oracle will host a conference call on Thursday, February 9, at 2:00 p.m. PST / 5:00 p.m. EST to discuss preliminary guidance for the combined companies. A live audio webcast of the call will be made available on the Oracle Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. The webcast will be available for replay for seven days following the conference call.
 
About Oracle
 
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at http://www.oracle.com
 
 
Trademarks
 
Oracle, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, and Siebel are registered trademarks of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
 
The above is intended to outline our general product direction. It is intended for information purposes only, and may not be incorporated into any contract. It is not a commitment to deliver any material, code, or functionality, and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decision. The development, release, and timing of any features or functionality described for Oracle's products remains at the sole discretion of Oracle.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060209150023.txt.gz
TIME:20060209150023
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:
Section 1  Registrant's Business and Operations
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
      $3,000,000,000 Commercial Paper Program Dealer Agreements and Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement
     
On February 3, 2006, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle"), formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc., entered into dealer agreements (the "Dealer Agreements") with each of Banc of America Securities LLC, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Lehman Brothers Inc., Merrill Lynch Money Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (collectively, the "Dealers"), and an Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement (the "Agency Agreement") with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association (the "Agent") relating to a $3,000,000,000 commercial paper program (the "New CP Program").
     
Oracle is the successor to Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly, Oracle Corporation). The terms of the New CP Program are substantially the same as the terms of the Commercial Paper Program of Oracle Systems Corporation (the "Old CP Program") described in the Current Report on Form 8 K of Oracle Systems Corporation filed with the SEC on March 29, 2005 (File No. 000-14376). The dealer agreements related to the Old CP Program were terminated as of February 3, 2006 and the issuing and paying agency agreement will terminate effective as of the final maturity date of the notes issued under the Old CP Program. No additional notes shall be issued under the Old CP Program.
     
Oracle entered into the New CP Program and terminated the Old CP Program so that the ultimate parent company of Oracle Systems and Siebel would be the issuer of notes under the commercial paper program.
     
A copy of the form dealer agreement and the Agency Agreement for the New CP Program are attached as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively.
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.
      See Item 1.01 above.
Section 2  Financial Information
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement.
     See Item 1.01 above.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (d) Exhibits
 
     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this amendment to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
 
 
Concerning Notes to be issued pursuant to an Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated as of February 3, 2006 between the Issuer and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as Issuing and Paying Agent
 
     
Whereas, Oracle Systems Corporation (f/k/a Oracle Corporation) and the Dealer entered into a Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated as of March 23, 2005 (the "Original Agreement") in connection with the issuance and sale by Oracle Systems Corporation of its short-term promissory notes through the Dealer;
     
Whereas, each of Oracle Systems Corporation and Siebel Systems, Inc. are merging with (the "Merger") wholly-owned subsidiaries of Oracle Corporation (f/k/a Ozark Holding Inc., the "Issuer");
     
Whereas, Oracle Systems Corporation and the Dealer now desire to terminate the Original Agreement; and
    
Whereas, the Issuer now desires to establish a commercial paper program through which its short-term promissory notes will be issued and sold.
     
Now, therefore, this agreement ("Agreement") sets forth the understandings between (1) Oracle Systems Corporation and the Dealer regarding the termination of the Original Agreement and (2) the Issuer and the Dealer in connection with the issuance and sale by the Issuer of its short-term promissory notes through the Dealer (the "Notes").
     
Certain terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 6 hereof.
     
The Addendum to this Agreement, and any Annexes or Exhibits described in this Agreement or such Addendum, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement and made fully a part hereof.
Section 1.
Offers, Sales and Resales of Notes
     
1.1 While (i) the Issuer has and shall have no obligation to sell the Notes to the Dealer or to permit the Dealer to arrange any sale of the Notes for the account of the Issuer, and (ii) the Dealer has and shall have no obligation to purchase the Notes from the Issuer or to arrange any sale of the Notes for the account of the Issuer, the parties hereto agree that in any case where the Dealer purchases Notes from the Issuer, or arranges for the sale of Notes by the Issuer, such Notes will be purchased or sold by the Dealer in reliance on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the Issuer contained herein or made pursuant hereto and on the terms and conditions and in the manner provided herein.
     
 1.2 So long as this Agreement shall remain in effect, and in addition to the limitations contained in Section 1.7 hereof, the Issuer shall not, without the consent of the Dealer, offer, solicit or accept offers to purchase, or sell, any Notes except (a) in transactions with one or more dealers which may from time to time after the date hereof become dealers with respect to the Notes by executing with the Issuer one or more agreements which contain provisions substantially identical to Section 1 of this Agreement, of which the Issuer hereby undertakes to provide the Dealer prompt notice or (b) in transactions with the other dealers listed on the Addendum hereto, which are executing agreements with the Issuer which contain provisions substantially identical to Section 1 of this Agreement contemporaneously herewith. In no event shall the Issuer offer, solicit or accept offers to purchase, or sell, any Notes directly on its own behalf in transactions with persons other than broker-dealers as specifically permitted in this Section 1.2.
     
1.3 The Notes shall be in a minimum denomination or minimum amount, whichever is applicable, of $250,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof, will bear such interest rates, if interest bearing, or will be sold at such discount from their face amounts, as shall be agreed upon by the
Dealer and the Issuer, shall have a maturity not exceeding 365 days from the date of issuance (exclusive of days of grace) and may have such terms as attached as Exhibit C hereto and as specified in the Private Placement Memorandum and shall not contain any provision for extension, renewal or automatic "rollover."
     
1.4 The authentication, delivery and payment of the Notes shall be effected in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes shall be either individual physical certificates or represented by book-entry Notes registered in the name of DTC or its nominee in the form or forms annexed to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.
     
1.5 If the Issuer and the Dealer shall agree on the terms of the purchase of any Note by the Dealer or the sale of any Note arranged by the Dealer (including, but not limited to, agreement with respect to the date of issue, purchase price, principal amount, maturity and interest rate (in the case of interest-bearing Notes) or discount thereof (in the case of Notes issued on a discount basis), and appropriate compensation for the Dealer's services hereunder) pursuant to this Agreement, the Issuer shall cause such Note to be issued and delivered in accordance with the terms of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and payment for such Note shall be made by the purchaser thereof, either directly or through the Dealer, to the Issuing and Paying Agent, for the account of the Issuer. Except as otherwise agreed, in the event that the Dealer is acting as an agent and a purchaser shall either fail to accept delivery of or make payment for a Note on the date fixed for settlement, the Dealer shall promptly notify the Issuer, and if the Dealer has theretofore paid the Issuer for the Note, the Issuer will promptly return such funds to the Dealer against its return of the Note to the Issuer, in the case of a certificated Note, and upon notice of such failure in the case of a book-entry Note.
     
1.6 The Dealer and the Issuer hereby establish and agree to observe the following procedures in connection with offers, sales and subsequent resales or other transfers of the Notes:
     
(a) Offers and sales of the Notes by or through the Dealer shall be made only to the following types of investors: (i) investors reasonably believed by the Dealer to be Institutional Accredited Investors, (ii) non-bank fiduciaries or agents that will be purchasing Notes for one or more accounts, each of which is an Institutional Accredited Investor, and (iii) Qualified Institutional Buyers.
     
(b) Resales and other transfers of the Notes by the holders thereof shall be made only in accordance with the restrictions in the legends described in clause (e) below.
     
(c) No general solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D) shall be used in connection with the offering or sale of the Notes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, without the prior written approval of Dealer, the Issuer shall not issue any press release or place or publish any "tombstone" or other advertisement relating to the Notes.
     
(d) No sale of Notes to any one purchaser shall be for less than $250,000 principal or face amount, and no Note shall be issued in a smaller principal or face amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of others, each person for whom such purchaser is acting must purchase at least $250,000 principal or face amount of Notes.
     
(e) Offers and sales of the Notes by the Issuer through the Dealer acting as agent for the Issuer shall be made in accordance with Rule 506 under the Securities Act, and shall be subject to the restrictions described in the legend appearing on Exhibit A hereto. A legend substantially to the effect of such Exhibit A shall appear as part of the Private Placement Memorandum used in connection with offers and sales of Notes hereunder, as well as on each Note offered and sold pursuant to this Agreement.
     
(f) The Dealer shall furnish or shall have furnished to each purchaser of Notes for which it has acted as the dealer a copy of the then-current Private Placement Memorandum unless such purchaser has previously received a copy of the Private Placement Memorandum as then i
n effect. The Private Placement Memorandum shall expressly state that any person to whom Notes are offered shall have an opportunity to ask questions of, and receive information from, the Issuer and the Dealer and shall provide the names, addresses and telephone numbers of the persons from whom information regarding the Issuer may be obtained.
     
(g) The Issuer agrees, for the benefit of the Dealer and each of the holders and prospective purchasers from time to time of the Notes that, if at any time the Issuer shall not be subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Issuer will furnish, upon request and at its expense, to the Dealer and to holders and prospective purchasers of Notes information required by Rule 144A(d)(4)(i) in compliance with Rule 144A(d).
     
(h) In the event that any Note offered or to be offered by Dealer would be ineligible for resale under Rule 144A, the Issuer shall immediately notify Dealer (by telephone, confirmed in writing) of such fact and shall promptly prepare and deliver to Dealer an amendment or supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum describing the Notes that are ineligible, the reason for such ineligibility and any other relevant information relating thereto.
     
(i) The Issuer represents that it is not currently issuing commercial paper in the United States market in reliance upon the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(3) of the Securities Act. The Issuer agrees that, if the Issuer shall issue commercial paper after the date hereof in reliance upon such exemption, (a) the proceeds from the sale of the Notes will be segregated from the proceeds of the sale of any such commercial paper by being placed in a separate account; (b) the Issuer will institute appropriate corporate procedures to ensure that the offers and sales of notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Section 3(a)(3) exemption are not integrated with offerings and sales of Notes hereunder; and (c) the Issuer will comply with each of the requirements of Section 3(a)(3) of the Securities Act in selling commercial paper or other short-term debt securities other than the Notes in the United States.
     
1.7 The Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Dealer, in connection with offers, sales and resales of Notes, as follows:
     
(a) Issuer hereby confirms to the Dealer that (except as permitted by Section 1.6(i)) within the preceding six months neither the Issuer nor any person other than the Dealer or the other dealers referred to in Section 1.2 hereof acting on behalf of the Issuer has offered or sold any Notes, or any substantially similar security of the Issuer (including, without limitation, medium-term notes issued by the Issuer), to, or solicited offers to buy any such security from, any person other than the Dealer or the other dealers referred to in Section 1.2 hereof. The Issuer also agrees that, as long as the Notes are being offered for sale by the Dealer and the other dealers referred to in Section 1.2 hereof as contemplated hereby and until at least six months after the offer of Notes hereunder has been terminated, neither the Issuer nor any person other than the Dealer or the other dealers referred to in Section 1.2 hereof (except as contemplated by Section 1.2 hereof) will offer the Notes or any substantially similar security (excluding any medium-term notes issued by the Issuer) of the Issuer for sale to, or solicit offers to buy any such security from, any person other than the Dealer and the other dealers referred to in Section 1.2 hereof, it being understood that such agreement is made with a view to bringing the offer and sale of the Notes within the exemption provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 thereunder and shall survive any termination of this Agreement. The Issuer hereby represents and warrants that it has not taken or omitted to take, and will not take or omit to take, any action that would cause the offering and sale of Notes hereunder to be integrated with any other offering of securities, whether such offering is made by the Issuer or some other party or parties.
     
(b) The Issuer represents and agrees that the proceeds of the sale of the Notes are not currently contemplated to be used for the purpose of buying, carrying or trading securities within the meaning of Regulation T and the interpretations thereunder by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Issuer shall give the Dealer at least five business days' prior
written notice before issuing any Notes the proceeds of which will or may be used for the purpose of buying, carrying or trading securities within the meaning of Regulation T and the interpretations thereunder by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, whether in connection with an acquisition of another company or otherwise. The Issuer shall also give the Dealer prompt notice of the actual date that it commences to purchase securities with the proceeds of the Notes. Thereafter, in the event that the Dealer purchases Notes as principal and does not resell such Notes on the day of such purchase, to the extent necessary to comply with Regulation T and the interpretations thereunder, the Dealer will sell such Notes only to offerees it reasonably believes to be QIBs or to QIBs it reasonably believes are acting for other QIBs, in each case in accordance with Rule 144A.
Section 2.
Representations and Warranties of Issuer
The Issuer represents and warrants that:
     
2.1 The Issuer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all the requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Notes, this Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.
     
2.2 This Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Issuer and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).
     
2.3 The Notes have been duly authorized, and when issued and delivered as provided in the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and delivered and will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law).
     
2.4 The offer and sale of Notes in the manner contemplated hereby do not require registration of the Notes under the Securities Act, pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder, and no indenture in respect of the Notes is required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
     
2.5 The Notes will rank at least
pari passu
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer.
     
2.6 No consent or action of, or filing or registration with, any governmental or public regulatory body or authority, including the SEC, is required to authorize, or is otherwise required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of, this Agreement, the Notes or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, except as may be required by the securities or Blue Sky laws of the various states in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes.
     
2.7 Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, nor the issuance and delivery of the Notes in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, nor the fulfillment of or compliance with the terms and provisions hereof or thereof by the Issuer, will (i) result in the creation or imposition of any mortgage, lien, charge or encumbrance of any nature whatsoever upon any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, or (ii) violate or result in a breach or an event of default under any of the terms of the Issuer's charter documents or by-laws, any contract or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which it or its property is bound, or any law or regulation, or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or government instrumentality, to which the Issuer is subject or by which it or its property is bound, which breach or event of default is reasonably likely to have
a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.
     
2.8 Except as disclosed by the Issuer in the Company Information, there is no litigation or governmental proceeding pending, or to the knowledge of the Issuer threatened, against or affecting the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries which is reasonably likely to result in a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Notes or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.
     
2.9 The Issuer is not an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
     
2.10 Neither the Private Placement Memorandum nor the Company Information contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
     
2.11 Each (a) issuance of Notes by the Issuer hereunder and (b) amendment or supplement of the Private Placement Memorandum shall be deemed a representation and warranty by the Issuer to the Dealer, as of the date thereof, that, both before and after giving effect to such issuance and after giving effect to such amendment or supplement, (i) the representations and warranties given by the Issuer set forth above in this Section 2 remain true and correct on and as of such date as if made on and as of such date, (ii) in the case of an issuance of Notes, the Notes being issued on such date have been duly and validly issued and constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) in the case of an issuance of Notes, since the date of the most recent Private Placement Memorandum, there has been no material adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) or operations of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which has not been disclosed in the Company Information or to the Dealer in writing.
Section 3.
Covenants and Agreements of Issuer
The Issuer covenants and agrees that:
     
3.1 The Issuer will give the Dealer prompt notice (but in any event prior to any subsequent issuance of Notes hereunder) of any amendment to, modification of, or waiver with respect to, the Notes or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, including a complete copy of any such amendment, modification or waiver.
     
3.2 During the term of this Agreement, the Issuer shall, whenever there shall occur any change in the condition (financial or otherwise) or operations of the Issuer and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or any development or occurrence in relation to the Issuer that would be material to holders of the Notes or potential holder of the Notes (including any downgrading or receipt of any notice of intended or potential downgrading or any review for potential change in the rating accorded any of the Issuer's securities by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization which has published a rating of the Notes), upon actual knowledge thereof, and in any event prior to any subsequent issuance of Notes hereunder, notify the Dealer (by telephone, confirmed in writing) of such change, development, or occurrence; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that the Issuer shall not be required to give such notice if such disclosure to the Dealer would require public disclosure of such information under Regulation FD.
     
3.3 During the term of this Agreement, the Issuer shall from time to time furnish to the Dealer such information as the Dealer may reasonably request, including, without limitation, any publicly available press releases or publicly available material provided by the Issuer to any national securities exchange or
rating agency, regarding (i) the Issuer's operations and financial condition, (ii) the due authorization and execution of the Notes, and (iii) the Issuer's ability to pay the Notes as they mature.
     
3.4 The Issuer will take all such action as the Dealer may reasonably request to ensure that each offer and each sale of the Notes will comply with any applicable state Blue Sky laws;
provided
, that the Issuer shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject.
     
3.5 The Issuer will not be in default of any of its obligations hereunder, under the Notes or under the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, at any time that any of the Notes are outstanding.
     
3.6 The Issuer shall not issue Notes hereunder until the Dealer shall have received (a) an opinion or opinions of counsel to the Issuer, addressed to the Dealer, satisfactory in form and substance to the Dealer, (b) a copy of the executed Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement as then in effect, (c) a copy of resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors of the Issuer, satisfactory in form and substance to the Dealer and certified by the Secretary or similar officer of the Issuer, authorizing execution and delivery by the Issuer of this Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes and consummation by the Issuer of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (d) prior to the issuance of any Notes represented by a book-entry note registered in the name of DTC or its nominee, a copy of the executed Letter of Representations among the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and DTC and (e) such other certificates, opinions, letters and documents as the Dealer shall have reasonably requested.
     
3.7 The Issuer shall reimburse the Dealer for all of the Dealer's out-of-pocket expenses related to this Agreement, including expenses incurred in connection with its preparation and negotiation, and the transactions contemplated hereby (including, but not limited to, the printing and distribution of the Private Placement Memorandum), and, if applicable, for the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Dealer's counsel.
Section 4.
Disclosure
     
4.1 The Private Placement Memorandum which shall be provided to purchasers and prospective purchasers of the Notes shall be prepared for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Private Placement Memorandum and its contents (other than the Dealer Information) shall be the sole responsibility of the Issuer. The Private Placement Memorandum shall contain a statement expressly offering an opportunity for each prospective purchaser to ask questions of, and receive answers from, the Issuer concerning the offering of Notes and to obtain relevant additional information which the Issuer possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense.
     
4.2 The Issuer agrees promptly to furnish by way of filing with the SEC or otherwise to the Dealer the Company Information as it becomes available.
     
4.3 (a) The Issuer further agrees to notify the Dealer promptly upon the occurrence of any event relating to or affecting the Issuer that would cause the Private Placement Memorandum then in existence to include an untrue statement of material fact or to omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.
     
(b) In the event that the Issuer gives the Dealer notice pursuant to Section 4.3(a) and the Dealer notifies the Issuer that it then has Notes it is holding in inventory, the Issuer agrees promptly to supplement or amend the Private Placement Memorandum so that such Private Placement Memorandum, as amended or supplemented, shall not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and the Issuer shall make such supplement or amendment available to the Dealer.
 
     
(c) In the event that (i) the Issuer gives the Dealer notice pursuant to Section 4.3(a) and (ii) the Dealer does not notify the Issuer that it is then holding Notes in inventory and (iii) the Issuer chooses not to promptly amend or supplement the Private Placement Memorandum in the manner described in clause (b) above, then all solicitations and sales of Notes shall be suspended until such time as the Issuer has so amended or supplemented the Private Placement Memorandum, and made such amendment or supplement available to the Dealer.
Section 5.
Indemnification and Contribution
     
5.1 The Issuer will indemnify and hold harmless the Dealer, each individual, corporation, partnership, trust, association or other entity controlling the Dealer, any affiliate of the Dealer or any such controlling entity and their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, incorporators, shareholders, servants, trustees and agents (hereinafter the "Indemnitees") against any and all liabilities, penalties, suits, causes of action, losses, damages, claims, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel) or judgments of whatever kind or nature (each a "Claim"), imposed upon, incurred by or asserted against the Indemnitees arising out of or based upon (i) any allegation that the Private Placement Memorandum, the Company Information or any information provided by the Issuer to the Dealer included (as of any relevant time) or includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omitted (as of any relevant time) or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading or (ii) arising out of or based upon the breach by the Issuer of any agreement, covenant or representation made in or pursuant to this Agreement. This indemnification shall not apply to the extent that the Claim arises out of or is based upon Dealer Information.
     
5.2 Provisions relating to claims made for indemnification under this Section 5 are set forth on Exhibit B to this Agreement.
     
5.3 In order to provide for just and equitable contribution in circumstances in which the indemnification provided for in this Section 5 is held to be unavailable or insufficient to hold harmless the Indemnitees, although applicable in accordance with the terms of this Section 5, the Issuer shall contribute to the aggregate costs incurred by the Dealer in connection with any Claim in the proportion of the respective economic interests of the Issuer and the Dealer;
provided
, however, that such contribution by the Issuer shall be in an amount such that the aggregate costs incurred by the Dealer do not exceed the aggregate of the commissions and fees earned by the Dealer hereunder with respect to the issue or issues of Notes to which such Claim relates. The respective economic interests shall be calculated by reference to the aggregate proceeds to the Issuer of the Notes issued hereunder and the aggregate commissions and fees earned by the Dealer hereunder.
Section 6.
Definitions
     
6.1 "Claim" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.
     
6.2 "Company Information" at any given time shall mean the Private Placement
     
Memorandum together with, to the extent applicable, (i) the Issuer's most recent annual audited financial statements and each interim financial statement or report prepared subsequent thereto, if not included in the Issuer's SEC filings described in Section 6.13(i) below and (ii) any information prepared or approved by the Issuer for dissemination to investors or potential investors in the Notes.
     
6.3 "Dealer" shall mean [Dealer].
     
6.4 "Dealer Information" shall mean material concerning the Dealer and provided by the Dealer in writing expressly for inclusion in the Private Placement Memorandum or any amendment or supplement thereto.
     
6.5 "DTC" shall mean The Depository Trust Company.
     
6.6 "Exchange Act" shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
     
6.7 "Indemnitee" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1.
     
6.8 "Institutional Accredited Investor" shall mean an institutional investor that is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act and that has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating and bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Notes, including, but not limited to, a bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or a savings and loan association or other institution, as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act, whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity.
     
6.9 "Issuer" shall mean Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation, formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.
     
6.10 "Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement" shall mean the issuing and paying agency agreement described on the cover page of this Agreement, as such agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time.
     
6.11 "Issuing and Paying Agent" shall mean the party designated as such on the cover page this Agreement, as issuing and paying agent under the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, or any successor thereto in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.
     
6.12 "Non-bank fiduciary or agent" shall mean a fiduciary or agent other than (a) a bank, as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or (b) a savings and loan association, as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of the Securities Act.
     
6.13 "Private Placement Memorandum" shall mean offering materials prepared in accordance with Section 4 (including (i) the Issuer's most recent report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC and each report on Form 10-Q or 8-K filed by the Issuer with the SEC since the most recent Form 10-K and (ii) other material specifically incorporated by reference therein) provided to purchasers and prospective purchasers of the Notes, and shall include amendments and supplements thereto which may be prepared from time to time in accordance with this Agreement (other than any amendment or supplement that has been completely superseded by a later amendment or supplement).
     
6.14 "Regulation D" shall mean Regulation D (Rules 501
et seq.
) under the Securities Act.
     
6.15 "Regulation FD" shall mean Regulation FD promulgated by the SEC.
     
6.16 "Qualified Institutional Buyer" shall have the meaning assigned to that term in Rule 144A.
     
6.17 "Rule 144A" shall mean Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 6.18 "SEC" shall mean the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 6.19 "Securities Act" shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Section 7.
General
     
7.1 Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, all notices under this Agreement to parties hereto shall be in writing and shall be effective when received at the address of the respective party set forth in the Addendum to this Agreement.
     
7.2 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
     
7.3 The Issuer agrees that any suit, action or proceeding brought by the Issuer against the Dealer in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or the Notes or the offer and sale of the Notes shall be brought solely in the United States federal courts located in the borough of Manhattan or the courts of the State of New York located in the Borough of Manhattan. EACH OF THE DEALER AND THE ISSUER WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
     
7.4 This Agreement may be terminated, at any time, by the Issuer, upon one business day's prior notice to such effect to the Dealer, or by the Dealer upon one business day's prior notice to such effect to the Issuer. Any such termination, however, shall not affect the obligations of the Issuer under Sections 3.7, 5 and 7.3 hereof or the obligations of the Dealer under Section 7.3 hereof or the respective representations, warranties, agreements, covenants, rights or responsibilities of the parties made or arising prior to the termination of this Agreement. The Original Agreement is hereby terminated and, except as set forth in Section 7.4 thereof, Oracle Systems Corporation is hereby released from all obligations thereunder.
     
7.5 This Agreement is not assignable by either party hereto without the written consent of the other party;
provided, however,
that the Dealer may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any affiliate.
     
7.6 This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
     
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date and year first above written.
 
 
     
     
     
EXHIBIT A
     
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAW, AND OFFERS AND SALES THEREOF MAY BE MADE ONLY IN COMPLIANCE WITH AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF A NOTE, THE PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT THAT IT HAS BEEN AFFORDED AN OPPORTUNITY TO INVESTIGATE MATTERS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND THE NOTES, THAT IT IS NOT ACQUIRING SUCH NOTE WITH A VIEW TO ANY DISTRIBUTION THEREOF AND THAT IT IS EITHER (A) AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(a) UNDER THE ACT (AN "INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR") AND THAT EITHER IS PURCHASING NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT, IS A U.S. BANK (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(a)(2) OF THE ACT) OR A SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION OR OTHER INSTITUTION (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(a)(5)(A) OF THE ACT) ACTING IN ITS INDIVIDUAL OR FIDUCIARY CAPACITY OR IS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT (OTHER THAN A U.S. BANK OR SAVINGS AND LOAN) PURCHASING NOTES FOR ONE OR MORE ACCOUNTS EACH OF WHICH IS SUCH AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR (i) WHICH ITSELF POSSESSES SUCH KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE OR (ii) WITH RESPECT TO WHICH SUCH PURCHASER HAS SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION; OR (B) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER ("QIB") WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE ACT WHICH IS ACQUIRING NOTES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR ONE OR MORE ACCOUNTS, EACH OF WHICH IS A QIB AND WITH RESPECT TO EACH OF WHICH THE PURCHASER HAS SOLE INVESTMENT DISCRETION; AND THE PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS AWARE THAT THE SELLER MAY RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A. BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF A NOTE, THE PURCHASER THEREOF SHALL ALSO BE DEEMED TO AGREE THAT ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER THEREOF WILL BE MADE ONLY (A) IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE ACT, EITHER (1) TO THE ISSUER OR TO OR ANOTHER PERSON DESIGNATED BY THE ISSUER AS A PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE NOTES (COLLECTIVELY, THE "PLACEMENT AGENTS"), NONE OF WHICH SHALL HAVE ANY OBLIGATION TO ACQUIRE SUCH NOTE, (2) THROUGH A PLACEMENT AGENT TO AN INSTITUTIONAL ACCREDITED INVESTOR OR A QIB BY A PLACEMENT AGENT, OR (3) TO A QIB IN A TRANSACTION THAT MEETS THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A AND (B) IN MINIMUM AMOUNTS OF $250,000.
     
EXHIBIT B
     
(a) The Issuer agrees to reimburse each Indemnitee for all expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of internal and external counsel) as they are incurred by it in connection with investigating or defending any loss, claim, damage, liability or action in respect of which indemnification may be sought under Section 5 of the Agreement (whether or not it is a party to any such proceedings).
     
(b) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnitee of notice of the existence of a Claim, such Indemnitee will, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the Issuer, notify the Issuer in writing of the existence thereof; provided that (i) the omission so to notify the Issuer will not relieve it from any liability which it may have hereunder unless and except to the extent it did not otherwise learn of such Claim and such failure results in the forfeiture by the Issuer of substantial rights and defenses, and (ii) the omission so to notify the Issuer will not relieve it from liability which it may have to an Indemnitee otherwise than on account of this indemnity agreement. In case any such Claim is made against any Indemnitee and it notifies the Issuer of the existence thereof, the Issuer will be entitled to participate therein, and to the extent that it may elect by written notice delivered to the Indemnitee, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee; provided that if the defendants in any such Claim include both the Indemnitee and the Issuer and the Indemnitee shall have concluded that there may be legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the Issuer, the Issuer shall not have the right to direct the defense of such Claim on behalf of such Indemnitee, and the Indemnitee shall have the right to select separate counsel to assert such legal defenses on behalf of such Indemnitee. Upon receipt of notice from the Issuer to such Indemnitee of the Issuer's election so to assume the defense of such Claim and approval by the Indemnitee of counsel, the Issuer will not be liable to such Indemnitee for expenses incurred thereafter by the Indemnitee in connection with the defense thereof (other than reasonable costs of investigation) unless (i) the Indemnitee shall have employed separate counsel in connection with the assertion of legal defenses in accordance with the proviso to the next preceding sentence (it being understood, however, that the Issuer shall not be liable for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (in addition to any local counsel in the jurisdiction in which any Claim is brought), approved by the Dealer, representing the Indemnitee who is party to such Claim), (ii) the Issuer shall not have employed counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnitee to represent the Indemnitee within a reasonable time after notice of existence of the Claim or (iii) the Issuer has authorized in writing the employment of counsel for the Indemnitee. The indemnity, reimbursement and contribution obligations of the Issuer hereunder shall be in addition to any other liability the Issuer may otherwise have to an Indemnitee and shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successors, assigns, heirs and personal representatives of the Issuer and any Indemnitee. The Issuer agrees that without the Dealer's prior written consent, it will not settle, compromise or consent to the entry of any judgment in any Claim in respect of which indemnification may be sought under the indemnification provision of the Agreement (whether or not the Dealer or any other Indemnitee is an actual or potential party to such Claim), unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an unconditional release of each Indemnitee from all liability arising out of such Claim. The Issuer shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its consent, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Issuer agrees to indemnify the Dealer from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment.
     
EXHIBIT C
The provisions set forth below are qualified to the extent applicable by the transaction specific Private Placement Memorandum Supplement (the "Supplement"), if any, send to each Purchaser at the time of the transactions.
     
If any Interest Payment Date or the Maturity Date of a Fixed Rate Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the required payment of principal, premium, if any, and/or interest will be payable on the next succeeding Business Day, and no additional interest will accrue in respect of the payment made on that next succeeding Business Day.
(d) The interest rate on each Floating Rate Note for each Interest Reset Period (as defined below) will be determined by reference to an interest rate basis (a "Base Rate") plus or minus a number of basis points (one basis point equals one-hundredth of a percentage point) (the "Spread"), if any, and/or multiplied by a certain percentage (the "Spread Multiplier"), if any, until the principal thereof is paid or made available for payment. The Supplement will designate which of the following Base Rates is applicable to the related Floating Rate Note: (a) the CD Rate (a "CD Rate Note"), (b) the Commercial Paper Rate (a "Commercial Paper Rate Note"), (c) the Federal Funds Rate (a "Federal Funds Rate Note"), (d) LIBOR (a "LIBOR Note"), (e) the Prime Rate (a "Prime Rate Note"), (f) the Treasury Rate (a "Treasury Rate Note") or (g) such other Base Rate as may be specified in such Supplement.
The rate of interest on each Floating Rate Note will be reset daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly or semi-annually (the "Interest Reset Period"). The date or dates on which interest will be reset (each an "Interest Reset Date") will be, unless otherwise specified in the Supplement, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which reset daily, each Business Day, in the case of Floating Rate Notes (other than Treasury Rate Notes) that reset weekly, the Wednesday of each week; in the case of Treasury Rate Notes that reset weekly, the Tuesday of each week; in the case of Floating Rate Notes that reset monthly, the third Wednesday of each month; in the case of Floating Rate Notes that reset quarterly, the third Wednesday of March, June, September and December; and in the case of Floating Rate Notes that reset semiannually, the third Wednesday of the two months specified in the Supplement. If any Interest Reset Date for any Floating Rate Note is not a Business Day, such Interest Reset Date will be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, except that in the case of a LIBOR Note, if such Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month, such Interest Reset Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest on each Floating Rate Note will be payable monthly, quarterly or semiannually (the "Interest Payment Period") and on the Maturity Date. Unless otherwise specified in the Supplement, and except as provided below, the date or dates on which interest will be payable (each an "Interest Payment Date" for a Floating Rate Note) will be, in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a monthly Interest Payment Period, on the third Wednesday of each month; in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a quarterly Interest Payment Period, on the third Wednesday of March, June, September and December; and in the case of Floating Rate Notes with a semiannual Interest Payment Period, on the third Wednesday of the two months specified in the Supplement. In addition, the Maturity Date will also be an Interest Payment Date.
If any Interest Payment Date for any Floating Rate Note (other than an Interest Payment Date occurring on the Maturity Date) would otherwise be a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, except that in the case of a LIBOR Note, if such Business Day is in the next succeeding calendar month, such Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. If the Maturity Date of a Floating Rate Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment of principal and interest will be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and no interest on such payment shall accrue for the period from and after such maturity.
Interest payments on each Interest Payment Date for Floating Rate Notes will include accrued interest from and including the Issue Date or from and including the last date in respect of which interest has been paid,
as the case may be, to, but excluding, such Interest Payment Date. On the Maturity Date, the interest payable on a Floating Rate Note will include interest accrued to, but excluding, the Maturity Date. Accrued interest will be calculated by multiplying the principal amount of a Floating Rate Note by an accrued interest factor. This accrued interest factor will be computed by adding the interest factors calculated for each day in the period for which accrued interest is being calculated. The interest factor (expressed as a decimal) for each such day will be computed by dividing the interest rate applicable to such day by 360, in the cases where the Base Rate is the CD Rate, Commercial Paper Rate, Federal Funds Rate, LIBOR or Prime Rate, or by the actual number of days in the year, in the case where the Base Rate is the Treasury Rate. The interest rate in effect on each day will be (i) if such day is an Interest Reset Date, the interest rate with respect to the Interest Determination Date (as defined below) pertaining to such Interest Reset Date, or (ii) if such day is not an Interest Reset Date, the interest rate with respect to the Interest Determination Date pertaining to the next preceding Interest Reset Date, subject in either case to any adjustment by a Spread and/or a Spread Multiplier.
The "Interest Determination Date" where the Base Rate is the CD Rate or the Commercial Paper Rate will be the second Business Day next preceding an Interest Reset Date. The Interest Determination Date where the Base Rate is the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate will be the Business Day next preceding an Interest Reset Date. The Interest Determination Date where the Base Rate is LIBOR will be the second London Business Day next preceding an Interest Reset Date. The Interest Determination Date where the Base Rate is the Treasury Rate will be the day of the week in which such Interest Reset Date falls when Treasury Bills are normally auctioned. Treasury Bills are normally sold at auction on Monday of each week, unless that day is a legal holiday, in which case the auction is held on the following Tuesday or the preceding Friday. If an auction is so held on the preceding Friday, such Friday will be the Interest Determination Date pertaining to the Interest Reset Date occurring in the next succeeding week.
The "Index Maturity" is the period to maturity of the instrument or obligation from which the applicable Base Rate is calculated.
The "Calculation Date," where applicable, shall be the earlier of (i) the tenth calendar day following the applicable Interest Determination Date or (ii) the Business Day preceding the applicable Interest Payment Date or Maturity Date.
All times referred to herein reflect New York City time, unless otherwise specified.
The Issuer shall specify in writing to the Issuing and Paying Agent which party will be the calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent") with respect to the Floating Rate Notes. The Calculation Agent will provide the interest rate then in effect and, if determined, the interest rate which will become effective on the next Interest Reset Date with respect to such Floating Rate Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent as soon as the interest rate with respect to such Floating Rate Note has been determined and as soon as practicable after any change in such interest rate.
All percentages resulting from any calculation on Floating Rate Notes will be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with five-one millionths of a percentage point rounded upwards. For example, 9.876545% (or .09876545) would be rounded to 9.87655% (or .0987655). All dollar amounts used in or resulting from any calculation on Floating Rate Notes will be rounded, in the case of
U.S. dollars, to the nearest cent or, in the case of a foreign currency, to the nearest unit (with one-half cent or unit being rounded upwards).
CD Rate Notes
"CD Rate" means the rate on any Interest Determination Date for negotiable certificates of deposit having the Index Maturity as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "FRB") in "Statistical Release H.15(519), Selected Interest Rates" or any successor publication of the FRB ("H.15(519)") under the heading "CDs (Secondary Market)".
If the above rate is not published in H.15(519) by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, the CD Rate will be the rate on such Interest Determination Date set forth in the daily update of H.15(519), available through the world wide website of the FRB at http://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/h15/Update, or any successor site or publication or other recognized electronic source used for the purpose of displaying the applicable rate ("H.15 Daily Update") under the caption "CDs (Secondary Market)".
If such rate is not published in either H.15(519) or H.15 Daily Update by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the CD Rate to be the arithmetic mean of the secondary market offered rates as of 10:00 a.m. on such Interest Determination Date of three leading nonbank dealers
1
in negotiable U.S. dollar certificates of deposit in New York City selected by the Calculation Agent for negotiable U.S. dollar certificates of deposit of major United States money center banks of the highest credit standing in the market for negotiable certificates of deposit with a remaining maturity closest to the Index Maturity in the denomination of $5,000,000.
If the dealers selected by the Calculation Agent are not quoting as set forth above, the CD Rate will remain the CD Rate then in effect on such Interest Determination Date.
Commercial Paper Rate Notes
"Commercial Paper Rate" means the Money Market Yield (calculated as described below) of the rate on any Interest Determination Date for commercial paper having the Index Maturity, as published in H.15(519) under the heading "Commercial Paper-Nonfinancial".
If the above rate is not published in H.15(519) by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, then the Commercial Paper Rate will be the Money Market Yield of the rate on such Interest Determination Date for commercial paper of the Index Maturity as published in H.15 Daily Update under the heading "Commercial Paper-Nonfinancial".
 
If by 3:00 p.m. on such Calculation Date such rate is not published in either H.15(519) or H.15 Daily Update, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Commercial Paper Rate to be the Money Market Yield of the arithmetic mean of the offered rates as of 11:00 a.m. on such Interest Determination Date of three leading dealers of U.S. dollar commercial paper in New York City selected by the Calculation Agent for commercial paper of the Index Maturity placed for an industrial issuer whose bond rating is "AA," or the equivalent, from a nationally recognized statistical rating organization.
If the dealers selected by the Calculation Agent are not quoting as mentioned above, the Commercial Paper Rate with respect to such Interest Determination Date will remain the Commercial Paper Rate then in effect on such Interest Determination Date.
"Money Market Yield" will be a yield calculated in accordance with the following formula:
where "D" refers to the applicable per annum rate for commercial paper quoted on a bank discount basis and expressed as a decimal and "M" refers to the actual number of days in the interest period for which interest is being calculated.
Federal Funds Rate Notes
"Federal Funds Rate" means the rate on any Interest Determination Date for federal funds as published in H.15(519) under the heading "Federal Funds (Effective)" and displayed on Moneyline Telerate (or any successor service) on page 120 (or any other page as may replace the specified page on that service) ("Telerate Page 120").
If the above rate does not appear on Telerate Page 120 or is not so published by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, the Federal Funds Rate will be the rate on such Interest Determination Date as published in H.15 Daily Update under the heading "Federal Funds/(Effective)".
If such rate is not published as described above by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the Federal Funds Rate to be the arithmetic mean of the rates for the last transaction in overnight U.S. dollar federal funds arranged by each of three leading brokers of Federal Funds transactions in New York City selected by the Calculation Agent prior to 9:00 a.m. on such Interest Determination Date.
If the brokers selected by the Calculation Agent are not quoting as mentioned above, the Federal Funds Rate will remain the Federal Funds Rate then in effect on such Interest Determination Date.
LIBOR Notes
The London Interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the rate for deposits in U.S. dollars having the Index Maturity that appears on the Designated LIBOR Page as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Interest Determination Date.
If no rate appears, LIBOR will be determined on the basis of the rates at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such Interest Determination Date at which deposits in U.S. dollars are offered to prime banks in the London interbank market by four major banks in such market selected by the Calculation Agent for a term equal to the Index Maturity and in principal amount equal to an amount that in the Calculation Agent's judgment is representative for a single transaction in U.S. dollars in such market at such time (a "Representative Amount"). The Calculation Agent will request the principal London office of each of such banks to provide a quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, LIBOR will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two quotations
are provided, LIBOR for such interest period will be the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted at approximately 11:00 a.m., in New York City, on such Interest Determination Date by three major banks in New York City, selected by the Calculation Agent, for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks, for a term equal to the Index Maturity and in a Representative Amount; provided, however, that if fewer than three banks so selected by the Calculation Agent are providing such quotations, the then existing LIBOR rate will remain in effect for such Interest Payment Period.
"Designated LIBOR Page" means the display designated as page "3750" on Moneyline Telerate (or such other page as may replace the 3750 page on that service or such other service or services as may be nominated by the British Bankers' Association for the purposes of displaying London interbank offered rates for U.S. dollar deposits).
Prime Rate Notes
"Prime Rate" means the rate on any Interest Determination Date as published in H.15(519) under the heading "Bank Prime Loan".
If the above rate is not published in H.15(519) prior to 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, then the Prime Rate will be the rate on such Interest Determination Date as published in H.15 Daily Update opposite the caption "Bank Prime Loan".
If the rate is not published prior to 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date in either H.15(519) or H.15 Daily Update, then the Calculation Agent will determine the Prime Rate to be the arithmetic mean of the rates of interest publicly announced by each bank that appears on the Reuters Screen US PRIME1 Page (as defined below) as such bank's prime rate or base lending rate as of 11:00 a.m., on that Interest Determination Date.
If fewer than four such rates referred to above are so published by 3:00 p.m. on the Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the Prime Rate to be the arithmetic mean of the prime rates or base lending rates quoted on the basis of the actual number of days in the year divided by 360 as of the close of business on such Interest Determination Date by three major banks in New York City selected by the Calculation Agent.
If the banks selected are not quoting as mentioned above, the Prime Rate will remain the Prime Rate in effect on such Interest Determination Date.
"Reuters Screen US PRIME1 Page" means the display designated as page "US PRIME1" on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other page as may replace the US PRIME1 page on that service for the purpose of displaying prime rates or base lending rates of major United States banks).
Treasury Rate Notes
"Treasury Rate" means:
(1) the rate from the auction held on the Interest Determination Date (the "Auction") of direct obligations of the United States ("Treasury Bills") having the Index Maturity specified in the
Supplement under the caption "INVESTMENT RATE" on the display on Moneyline Telerate (or any successor service) on page 56 (or any other page as may replace that page on that service) ("Telerate Page 56") or page 57 (or any other page as may replace that page on that service) ("Telerate Page 57"), or
(2) if the rate referred to in clause (1) is not so published by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the Bond Equivalent Yield (as defined below) of the rate for the applicable Treasury Bills as published in H.15 Daily Update, under the caption "U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Auction High", or
(3) if the rate referred to in clause (2) is not so published by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the Bond Equivalent Yield of the auction rate of the applicable Treasury Bills as announced by the United States Department of the Treasury, or
 
(4) if the rate referred to in clause (3) is not so announced by the United States Department of the Treasury, or if the Auction is not held, the Bond Equivalent Yield of the rate on the particular Interest Determination Date of the applicable Treasury Bills as published in H.15(519) under the caption "U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Secondary Market", or
(5) if the rate referred to in clause (4) not so published by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the rate on the particular Interest Determination Date of the applicable Treasury Bills as published in H.15 Daily Update, under the caption "U.S. Government Securities/Treasury Bills/Secondary Market", or
(6) if the rate referred to in clause (5) is not so published by 3:00 p.m. on the related Calculation Date, the rate on the particular Interest Determination Date calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Bond Equivalent Yield of the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid rates, as of approximately 3:30 p.m. on that Interest Determination Date, of three primary United States government securities dealers selected by the Calculation Agent, for the issue of Treasury Bills with a remaining maturity closest to the Index Maturity specified in the Supplement, or
(7) if the dealers so selected by the Calculation Agent are not quoting as mentioned in clause (6), the Treasury Rate in effect on the particular Interest Determination Date.
     
"Bond Equivalent Yield" means a yield (expressed as a percentage) calculated in accordance with the following formula:
where "D" refers to the applicable per annum rate for Treasury Bills quoted on a bank discount basis and expressed as a decimal, "N" refers to 365 or 366, as the case may be, and "M" refers to the actual number of days in the applicable Interest Reset Period.
     
_____________, 2006
[Dealer]
     and the other Dealers named in the Addendum
     (collectively, the "Dealers") to the
     Agreement (as defined below)
600 Montgomery Street
San Francisco, CA 94111
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     
I am Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary to Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "
Company
"), and have acted as internal counsel to the Company in connection with (i) the Dealer Agreement dated February 3, 2006 (together with the Addendum and Exhibits attached thereto, the "
Agreement
") between the Company and you, (ii) the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated February 3, 2006 (the "
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement
") between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as issuing and paying agent (the "
Agent
"), and (iii) the proposed offering and sale by the Company in the United States of commercial paper in the form of short-term promissory notes (the "
Notes
"). This opinion is being delivered to you pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings herein ascribed thereto in the Agreement.
     
I, or an attorney on my staff, have reviewed the executed originals or copies of the following:
     
In addition, I, or an attorney on my staff, have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments, and have conducted such other investigations of fact and law, as I have deemed necessary or advisable for purposes of this opinion.
     
Upon the basis of the foregoing and subject to the limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions set forth herein, I am of the opinion that:
     
1.
The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
     
2.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under the Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Notes are within the Company's corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action.
     
3.
Each of the Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company and the Notes, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and delivered.
     
4.
The Notes, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency
     
Agreement, will, to my knowledge, rank at least
pari passu
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company.
     
5.
The execution and delivery of the Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement by the Company, the issuance and delivery of the Notes in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement by the Company and the performance of its obligations thereunder will not, to my knowledge, result in the creation or imposition of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company and will not contravene (a) the Certificate of Incorporation (as amended to the date hereof) or the Bylaws (as amended to the date hereof) of the Company or (b) any material contractual or material legal restriction contained in any agreement or instrument (i) which is presently in effect, (ii) to which the Company is a party or relating to or affecting any of its material properties, (iii) which the Company has filed as an exhibit to any of its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ""), and (iv) the contravention of which, singly or collectively, is likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement or the Notes ("").
1934 Act
Material Adverse Effect
     
6.
To my knowledge, there are no pending or overtly threatened actions or proceedings against the Company or any of its subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator in the United States that purport to affect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Agreement or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement or, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, any of the Notes or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby or that are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect;
provided however
, that no opinion is given as to whether any of the actions or proceedings specifically disclosed in the Company's 1934 Act filings may have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of the opinion in this paragraph 6, I have not searched the records of any court, governmental agency or arbitration panel or organization.
     
The foregoing opinions are subject to the following limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions:
     
(a)
As to various provisions in the Agreement, the Notes and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement that grant the Agent or the Dealers certain rights to make determinations or take actions in their discretion, I assume that such discretion will be exercised in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
     
(b)
I express no opinion as to compliance with applicable antifraud statutes, rules or regulations of applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance or sale of securities.
     
I am a member of the bar of the State of California and the foregoing opinions are limited to the laws of the State of California, the federal laws of the United States of America and, with respect to paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 5(a) above only, the Delaware General Corporation Law. I express no opinion as to any matter relating to patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property.
     
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by any other person without my prior written consent, except that Standard & Poor's Ratings Group (a division of McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.), Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Fitch's Investor Service, Inc. and the Agent may rely on this opinion as if it had been addressed to them.
 
 
     
_____________, 2006
[Dealer]
     and the other Dealers named in the Addendum
     (collectively, the "Dealers") to the Agreement
     (as defined below)
600 Montgomery Street
San Francisco, CA 94111
     
Ladies and Gentlemen:
     
We have acted as special counsel for Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "
Company
"), in connection with (i) the Dealer Agreement dated
February 3, 2006 (together with the Addendum and Exhibits attached thereto, the "
Agreement
") between the Company and you, (ii) the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated February 3, 2006 (the "
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement
") between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association., as issuing and paying agent (the "
Agent
"), and (iii) the proposed offering and sale by the Company in the United States of commercial paper in the form of short-term promissory notes (the "
Notes
"). This opinion is delivered pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Agreement.
     
We have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of rendering this opinion.
     
We have participated in the preparation of the Private Placement Memorandum dated February 3, 2006 relating to the Notes (the "
Private Placement Memorandum
").
     
We have assumed the conformity of any documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "
Commission
") via the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval System ("
EDGAR
"), except for required EDGAR formatting changes, to physical copies of the documents delivered to the Company and submitted for our examination.
     
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Agreement.
     
Based upon the foregoing, we are of the opinion that:
     
1.
Each of the Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement is, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and general principles of equity, and except as rights to indemnification and contribution under the Agreement may be limited by applicable law.
     
2.
The Notes, assuming due authorization by the Company and authentication, issuance, delivery and payment in accordance with the provisions of the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and general principles of equity.
     
3.
No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency under United States federal or New York state law that in our experience is normally applicable to general business corporations in relation to transactions of the type contemplated by the Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes is required for the performance by the Company of its obligations under the
     
Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes, except such as have been obtained and such as may be required under state securities or Blue Sky laws in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes.
     
4.
The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance of its obligations under, the
     
Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes will not contravene any provision of United States federal or New York state law that in our experience is normally applicable to general business corporations in relation to transactions of the type contemplated by the Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes.
     
5. The Company is not and, after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Notes and the application of proceeds thereof as described in the Private Placement Memorandum, will not be an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
     
6. Assuming compliance by the Company and each Dealer with its respective agreements in Sections 1.6 and 1.7 of the Agreement and compliance by each purchaser of the Notes with the offering and transfer procedures and restrictions described in the Private Placement Memorandum, it is not necessary to register the Notes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and no indenture in respect of the Notes is required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
     
The foregoing opinion is subject to the following qualifications:
     
A. We express no opinion as to provisions in the Agreement or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement that purport to waive objections to venue, claims that a particular jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum or the like.
     
B. We express no opinion as to whether a United States federal court would have subject-matter or personal jurisdiction over a controversy arising under the Agreement or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.
     
C. With respect to our opinion in paragraph 3 above, we express no opinion as to whether the purchase of the Notes constitutes a "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
     
D. We express no opinion regarding compliance with, or non-contravention of, Regulation T and the interpretations thereunder by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
     
We are members of the Bar of the State of New York and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware and the federal laws of the United Sates.
     
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by or furnished to any other person without our prior written consent, except that Standard & Poor's Ratings Group (a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.), Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Fitch's Investor Service, Inc. and the Agent may rely on this opinion as if it had been addressed to them.
 
 
     
I, ____________, the [Assistant] Secretary of _______________, a _____________ corporation (the "Issuer"), do hereby certify, in connection with the issuance and sale of short-term promissory notes under the Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement dated ____________ , 200_ (the "Agreement", the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) between the Issuer and _______________ (the "Dealer"), that:
     
1. The following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Issuer [by unanimous written consent dated _____, 200_] [at a meeting thereof duly called and held on _______, 200_, at which meeting a quorum was present and acting throughout], and such resolution has not been amended, modified or revoked and is in full force and effect on the date hereof:
     
RESOLVED, that the Chairman of the Board, the President, the Executive Vice President, any Vice President and the Treasurer of the Issuer be, and each of them hereby is, authorized to: (i) borrow for the use and benefit of the Issuer from time to time up to an aggregate of $___________ at any one time outstanding through the issuance of commercial paper notes; (ii) execute such commercial paper notes in the name and on behalf of the Issuer; (iii) execute and deliver, (A) a Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between the Issuer and_____________ , as Dealer, providing, among other things, for the sale of commercial paper notes on behalf of the Issuer and the indemnification of the Dealer in connection therewith and (B) an Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement between the Issuer and_____________ , as issuing and paying agent; (iv) delegate to any other officers or employees of the Issuer authority to give instructions to the Dealer pursuant to the Agreement; and (v) do such acts and execute such other instruments and documents as may be necessary and proper to effect the transactions contemplated hereby including (A) amending documents referred to herein and (B) appointing additional dealers and successors to any of the parties named.
     
2. Each of the Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, as executed and delivered by the Issuer, is substantially in the form thereof approved by the Board of Directors and referred to in the resolution set forth in paragraph 1 hereof.
     
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed this certificate the _____ day of _________ , 200_.
 
________________________
3
This model certificate will serve as a guide for resolutions adopted by the Issuer. Any resolutions actually adopted, regardless of form, should cover all the substantive matters covered in this model, and a certificate substantially to the effect of this model is required to be delivered to the Dealer under Section 3.6(c) of the Agreement.

Exhibit 10.3
 
     Whereas, Oracle Systems Corporation (f/k/a Oracle Corporation) and the JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association ("
JP Morgan
") entered into a Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated as of March 23, 2005 (the "
Original Agreement
") in connection with the establishment of a commercial paper program by Oracle Systems Corporation;
     Whereas, each of Oracle Systems Corporation and Siebel Systems, Inc. is merging with (the "
Merger
") wholly-owned subsidiaries of Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Ozark Holding Inc., the "
Issuer
");
     Whereas, Oracle Systems Corporation and JP Morgan desire to terminate the Original Agreement, effective upon the final maturity of all notes issued thereunder; and
     Whereas, the Issuer now desires to establish a new commercial paper program through which its short-term promissory notes will be issued and sold.
     Now, therefore, this Agreement, dated as of February 3, 2006, by and between the Issuer and JP Morgan, sets forth the understandings between (1) Oracle Systems Corporation and JP Morgan regarding the termination of the Original Agreement and (2) the Issuer and JP Morgan in connection with the Issuer's commercial paper program.
1.
APPOINTMENT AND ACCEPTANCE
     The Issuer hereby appoints JP Morgan as its issuing and paying agent in connection with the issuance and payment of certain short-term promissory notes of the Issuer (the
"Notes"
), as further described herein, and JP Morgan agrees to act as such agent upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.
2.
COMMERCIAL PAPER PROGRAMS
     The Issuer may establish one or more commercial paper programs under this Agreement by delivering to JP Morgan a completed program schedule (the
"Program Schedule"
), with respect to each such program. JP Morgan has given the Issuer a copy of the current form of Program Schedule and the Issuer shall complete and return its first Program Schedule to JP Morgan prior to or simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement. In the event that any of the information provided in, or attached to, a Program Schedule shall change, the Issuer shall promptly inform JP Morgan of such change in writing.
3.
NOTES
     All Notes issued by the Issuer under this Agreement shall be short-term promissory notes, exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as indicated on the Program Schedules, and from applicable state securities laws. The Notes may be placed by dealers (the
"Dealers"
) pursuant to Section 4 hereof. Notes shall be issued in either certificated or book-entry form.
4.
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
     The Issuer shall deliver to JP Morgan a duly adopted corporate resolution from the Issuer's Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee thereof) authorizing the issuance of Notes under each program established pursuant to this Agreement and a certificate of incumbency, with specimen signatures attached, of those officers, employees and agents of the Issuer authorized to take certain actions with respect to the Notes as provided in this Agreement (each such person is hereinafter referred to as an
"Authorized Representative"
). Until JP
Morgan receives any subsequent incumbency certificates of the Issuer, JP Morgan shall be entitled to rely on the last incumbency certificate delivered to it for the purpose of determining the Authorized Representatives. The Issuer represents and warrants that each Authorized Representative may appoint other officers, employees and agents of the Issuer (the
"Delegates"
), including without limitation any Dealers, to issue instructions to JP Morgan under this Agreement, and take other actions on the Issuer's behalf hereunder, provided that notice of the appointment of each Delegate is delivered to JP Morgan in writing. Each such appointment shall remain in effect unless and until revoked by the Issuer in a written notice to JP Morgan.
5.
CERTIFICATED NOTES
     If and when the Issuer intends to issue certificated notes (
"Certificated Notes"
), the Issuer and JP Morgan shall agree upon the form of such Notes. Thereafter, the Issuer shall from time to time deliver to JP Morgan adequate supplies of Certificated Notes which will be in bearer form, serially numbered, and shall be executed by the manual or facsimile signature of an Authorized Representative. JP Morgan will acknowledge receipt of any supply of Certificated Notes received from the Issuer, noting any exceptions to the shipping manifest or transmittal letter (if any), and will hold the Certificated Notes in safekeeping for the Issuer with all due care in accordance with JP Morgan's customary practices. JP Morgan shall not have any liability to the Issuer to determine by whom or by what means a facsimile signature may have been affixed on Certificated Notes, or to determine whether any facsimile or manual signature is genuine, if such facsimile or manual signature resembles the specimen signature attached to the Issuer's certificate of incumbency with respect to such Authorized Representative, except for JP Morgan's own negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith. Any Certificated Note bearing the manual or facsimile signature of a person who is an Authorized Representative on the date such signature was affixed shall bind the Issuer after completion thereof by JP Morgan, notwithstanding that such person shall have ceased to hold his or her office on the date such Note is countersigned or delivered by JP Morgan.
6.
BOOK-ENTRY NOTES
     The Issuer's book-entry notes (
"Book-Entry Notes"
) shall not be issued in physical form, but their aggregate face amount shall be represented by a master note (the
"Master Note"
) in the form of Exhibit A executed by the Issuer pursuant to the book-entry commercial paper program of The Depository Trust Company (
"DTC"
). JP Morgan shall maintain the Master Note with all due care in safekeeping, in accordance with its customary practices, on behalf of Cede & Co., the registered owner thereof and nominee of DTC. As long as Cede & Co. is the registered owner of the Master Note, the beneficial ownership interest therein shall be shown on, and the transfer of ownership thereof shall be effected through, entries on the books maintained by DTC and the books of its direct and indirect participants. The Master Note and the Book-Entry Notes shall be subject to DTC's rules and procedures, as amended from time to time. JP Morgan shall not be liable or responsible for sending transaction statements of any kind to DTC's participants or the beneficial owners of the Book-Entry Notes, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing the records of DTC or its participants with respect to such Notes. In connection with DTC's program, the Issuer understands that as one of the conditions of its participation therein, it shall be necessary for the Issuer and JP Morgan to enter into a Letter of Representations, in the form of Exhibit B hereto, and for DTC to receive and accept such Letter of Representations. In accordance with DTC's program, JP Morgan shall obtain from the CUSIP Service Bureau a written list of CUSIP numbers for Issuer's Book-Entry Notes, and JP Morgan shall deliver such list to DTC. The CUSIP Service Bureau shall bill the Issuer directly for the fee or fees payable for the list of CUSIP numbers for the Issuer's Book-Entry Notes.
7.
ISSUANCE INSTRUCTIONS TO JP MORGAN; PURCHASE PAYMENTS
     The Issuer understands that all instructions under this Agreement are to be directed to JP Morgan's Commercial Paper Operations Department. JP Morgan shall provide the Issuer, or, if
applicable, the Issuer's Dealers, with access to JP Morgan's Money Market Issuance System or other electronic means (collectively, the
"System"
) in order that JP Morgan may receive electronic instructions for the issuance of Notes. Electronic instructions must be transmitted in accordance with the procedures furnished by JP Morgan to the Issuer or its Dealers in connection with the System. These transmissions shall be the equivalent to the giving of a duly authorized written and signed instruction which JP Morgan may act upon without liability. In the event that the System is inoperable at any time, an Authorized Representative or a Delegate may deliver written, telephone or facsimile instructions to JP Morgan, which instructions shall be verified in accordance with any security procedures agreed upon by the parties. JP Morgan shall incur no liability to the Issuer in acting upon instructions believed by JP Morgan in good faith to have been given by an Authorized Representative or a Delegate. In the event that a discrepancy exists between a telephonic instruction and a written confirmation, the telephonic instruction will be deemed the controlling and proper instruction. JP Morgan may electronically record any conversations made pursuant to this Agreement, and the Issuer hereby consents to such recordings. All issuance instructions regarding the Notes must be received by 1:00 P.M. New York time in order for the Notes to be issued or delivered on the same day.
(a)
Issuance and Purchase of Book-Entry Notes
.
Upon receipt of issuance instructions from the Issuer or its Dealers with respect to Book-Entry Notes, JP Morgan shall transmit such instructions to DTC and direct DTC to cause appropriate entries of the Book-Entry Notes to be made in accordance with DTC's applicable rules, regulations and procedures for book-entry commercial paper programs. JP Morgan shall assign CUSIP numbers to the Issuer's Book-Entry Notes to identify the Issuer's aggregate principal amount of outstanding Book-Entry Notes in DTC's system, together with the aggregate unpaid interest (if any) on such Notes. Promptly following DTC's established settlement time on each issuance date, JP Morgan shall access DTC's system to verify whether settlement has occurred with respect to the Issuer's Book-Entry Notes. Prior to the close of business on such business day, JP Morgan shall deposit immediately available funds in the amount of the proceeds due the Issuer (if any) to the Issuer's account at JP Morgan and designated in the applicable Program Schedule (the
"Account"
),
provided, that
JP Morgan has received DTC's confirmation that the Book-Entry Notes have settled in accordance with DTC's applicable rules, regulations and procedures. JP Morgan shall have no liability to the Issuer whatsoever if any DTC participant purchasing a Book-Entry Note fails to settle or delays in settling its balance with DTC or if DTC fails to perform in any respect.
(b)
Issuance and Purchase of Certificated Notes
.
Upon receipt of issuance instructions with respect to Certificated Notes, JP Morgan shall: (a) complete each Certificated Note as to principal amount, date of issue, maturity date, place of payment, and rate or amount of interest (if such Note is interest bearing) in accordance with such instructions; (b) countersign each Certificated Note; and (c) deliver each Certificated Note in accordance with the Issuer's instructions, except as otherwise set forth below. Whenever JP Morgan is instructed to deliver any Certificated Note by mail, JP Morgan shall strike from the Certificated Note the word "Bearer," insert as payee the name of the person so designated by the Issuer and effect delivery by certified or registered mail to such payee or to such other person as is specified in such instructions to receive the Certificated Note. The Issuer understands that, in accordance with the custom prevailing in the commercial paper market, delivery of Certificated Notes shall be made before the actual receipt of payment for such Notes in immediately available funds, even if the Issuer instructs JP Morgan to deliver a Certificated Note against payment. Therefore, once JP Morgan has delivered a Certificated Note to the designated recipient, the Issuer shall bear the risk that such recipient may fail to remit payment of such Note or return such Note to JP Morgan.
Delivery of Certificated Notes shall be subject to the rules of the New York Clearing House in effect at the time of such delivery. Funds received in payment of Certificated Notes shall be credited to the Account.
8.
USE OF SALES PROCEEDS IN ADVANCE OF PAYMENT
     JP Morgan shall not be obligated to credit the Issuer's Account unless and until payment of the purchase price of each Note is received by JP Morgan. From time to time, JP Morgan, in its sole discretion, may permit the Issuer to have use of funds payable with respect to a Note prior to JP Morgan's receipt of the sales proceeds of such Note. If JP Morgan makes a deposit, payment or transfer of funds on behalf of the Issuer before JP Morgan receives payment for any Note, such deposit, payment or transfer of funds shall represent an advance by JP Morgan to the Issuer to be repaid promptly, and in any event on the same day as it is made, from the proceeds of the sale of such Note, or by the Issuer if such proceeds are not received by JP Morgan.
9.
PAYMENT OF MATURED NOTES
     Notice that the Issuer will not redeem any Note on the relative Initial Redemption Date (as defined in the applicable Extendible Commercial Note Announcement) must be received in writing by JP Morgan by 11:00 A.M. New York time on such Initial Redemption Date. On any other day when a Note matures or is prepaid, the Issuer shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Account, prior to 2:00 P.M. New York time on the same day, an amount of immediately available funds sufficient to pay the aggregate principal amount of such Note and any applicable interest due. JP Morgan shall pay the interest (if any) and principal on a Book-Entry Note to DTC in immediately available funds, which payment shall be made by net settlement of JP Morgan's account at DTC. JP Morgan shall pay Certificated Notes upon presentment. JP Morgan shall have no obligation under the Agreement to make any payment for which there is not sufficient, available and collected funds in the Account, and JP Morgan may, without liability to the Issuer, refuse to pay any Note that would result in an overdraft to the Account.
10.
OVERDRAFTS
(a) Intraday overdrafts with respect to each Account shall be subject to JP Morgan's policies as in effect from time to time.
(b) An overdraft will exist in an Account if JP Morgan, in its sole discretion, (i) permits an advance to be made pursuant to Section 8 and, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8, such advance is not repaid in full on the same day as it is made, or (ii) pays a Note pursuant to Section 9 in excess of the available collected balance in such Account. Overdrafts shall be subject to JP Morgan's established banking practices, including, without limitation, the imposition of interest, funds usage charges and administrative fees, at rates previously negotiated between the Issuer and JP Morgan. The Issuer shall repay any such overdraft, fees and charges no later than the next business day, together with interest on the overdraft at the rate established by JP Morgan for the Account, computed from and including the date of the overdraft to the date of repayment.
11.
NO PRIOR COURSE OF DEALING
     No prior action or course of dealing on the part of JP Morgan with respect to advances of the purchase price or payments of matured Notes shall give rise to any claim or cause of action by the Issuer against JP Morgan in the event that JP Morgan refuses to pay or settle any Notes for which the Issuer has not timely provided funds as required by this Agreement.
12.
RETURN OF CERTIFICATED NOTES
     JP Morgan will in due course cancel any Certificated Note presented for payment and return such Note to the Issuer. JP Morgan shall also cancel and return to the Issuer any spoiled or voided Certificated Notes. Promptly upon written request of the Issuer or at the termination of this Agreement, JP Morgan shall destroy all blank, unissued Certificated Notes in its possession and furnish a certificate to the Issuer certifying such actions.
13.
INFORMATION FURNISHED BY JP MORGAN
     Upon the reasonable request of the Issuer, JP Morgan shall promptly provide the Issuer with information with respect to any Note issued and paid hereunder,
provided, that
the Issuer delivers such request in writing and, to the extent applicable, includes the serial number or note number, principal amount, payee, date of issue, maturity date, amount of interest (if any) and place of payment of such Note.
14.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
     The Issuer represents and warrants that: (i) it has the right, capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement; and (ii) it will comply with all of its obligations and duties under this Agreement. The Issuer further represents and agrees that each Note issued and distributed upon its instruction pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute the Issuer's representation and warranty to JP Morgan that such Note is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Issuer, and that such Note is being issued in a transaction which is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any applicable state securities law.
15.
DISCLAIMERS
     Neither JP Morgan nor its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be liable for any act or omission under this Agreement except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct. IN NO EVENT SHALL JP MORGAN BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF JP MORGAN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION. In no event shall JP Morgan be considered negligent in consequence of complying with DTC's rules, regulations and procedures. The duties and obligations of JP Morgan, its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be determined by the express provisions of this Agreement and they shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth herein and no implied covenants shall be read into this Agreement against them. Neither JP Morgan nor its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be required to ascertain whether any issuance or sale of any Notes (or any amendment or termination of this Agreement) has been duly authorized or is in compliance with any other agreement to which the Issuer is a party (whether or not JP Morgan is also a party to such agreement).
16.
INDEMNIFICATION
     The Issuer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless JP Morgan, its directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, "indemnitees") from and against any and all liabilities, claims, losses, damages, penalties, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and disbursements) suffered or incurred by or asserted or assessed against any indemnitee arising out of any of them acting as the Issuer's agent under this Agreement, except in respect of any indemnitee for any such liability, claim, loss, damage, penalty, cost or expense resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such indemnitee. The Issuer shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its consent, and such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Issuer agrees to indemnify the indemnitees from and against any loss or liability
by reason of such settlement or judgment. This indemnity will survive the termination of this Agreement.
17.
OPINION OF COUNSEL
     The Issuer shall deliver to JP Morgan all documents it may reasonably request relating to the corporate existence of the Issuer and authority of the Issuer to enter into this Agreement, including, without limitation, an opinion or opinions of counsel, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.
18.
NOTICES
     All notices, confirmations and other communications hereunder shall (except to the extent otherwise expressly provided) be in writing and shall be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, by telecopier or by hand, addressed as follows, or to such other address as the party receiving such notice shall have previously specified to the party sending such notice:
If to JP Morgan concerning the daily issuance and redemption of Notes:
19.
COMPENSATION
     The Issuer shall pay compensation for services pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the pricing schedules furnished by JP Morgan to the Issuer from time to time and upon such payment terms as the parties shall determine. The Issuer shall also reimburse JP Morgan for any fees and charges imposed by DTC with respect to services provided in connection with the Book-Entry Notes.
20.
BENEFIT OF AGREEMENT
     This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and no other person (other than the indemnitee identified in Section 16) shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue hereof.
21.
TERMINATION
     This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party by thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the other, but such termination shall not affect the respective liabilities of the parties hereunder arising prior to such termination, provided that JP Morgan shall continue acting as agent hereunder until a successor agent has been appointed. If the Issuer has failed to appoint a successor prior to the expiration of thirty (30) days following receipt of the notice of resignation or removal of JP Morgan, JP Morgan, at the Issuer's expense, may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor and any such resulting appointment shall be binding upon the Issuer. The Original Agreement shall be terminated effective upon the final maturity of all notes issued thereunder prior to the date of this Agreement and upon such termination, Oracle Systems Corporation shall be released from all obligations thereunder; provided that Section 16 ("Indemnification") of the Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and survive any such termination. No further notes may be issued under the Original Agreement after the effective date of this Agreement.
22.
FORCE MAJEURE
     In no event shall JP Morgan be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of circumstances beyond JP Morgan's control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, strikes or work stoppages for any reason, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations or the like which restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this Agreement, inability to obtain material, equipment, or communications or computer facilities, or the failure of equipment or interruption of communications or computer facilities, and other causes beyond JP Morgan's control whether or not of the same class or kind as specifically named above.
23.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
     This Agreement, together with the exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between JP Morgan and the Issuer with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes in all respects all prior proposals, negotiations, communications, discussions and agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.
24.
WAIVERS AND AMENDMENTS
     No failure or delay on the part of any party in exercising any power or right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver, nor does any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude any other or further exercise, or the exercise of any other power or right. Any such waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which it is given. No amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Issuer and JP Morgan.
25.
BUSINESS DAY
     Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be due on a day which is not a business day for JP Morgan in New York City, then such payment shall be made on JP Morgan's next succeeding business day.
26.
COUNTERPARTS
     This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and such counterparts together shall constitute but one instrument.
27.
HEADINGS
     The headings in this Agreement are for purposes of reference only and shall not in any way limit or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms of this Agreement.
28.
GOVERNING LAW
     This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
29.
JURISDICTION AND VENUE
     Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any New York State court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and of any appellate court from any thereof for the purposes of any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement (a
"Proceeding"
). Each party hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of any Proceeding may be heard and determined in such Federal or New York State court and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, any objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any Proceeding in any of the aforementioned courts and the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any Proceeding.
30.
WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY
     EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.
31.
ACCOUNT CONDITIONS
     Each Account shall be subject to JP Morgan's account conditions, as in effect from time to time, and furnished in writing to the Issuer.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on their behalf by duly authorized officers as of the day and year first-above written.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060209165023.txt.gz
TIME:20060209165023
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
On February 9, 2006, Oracle Corporation released information not previously made publicly available, furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1 regarding updated guidance following the acquisition of Siebel Systems, Inc. on January 31, 2006.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 



</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060215164932.txt.gz
TIME:20060215164932
EVENTS:	Cost Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities
TEXT:
ITEM: Cost Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.05 Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities
 
On February 9, 2006, Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Oracle"), announced that as part of its integration plan (the "Plan") for Siebel Systems, Inc. ("Siebel"), it will be reducing the size of its combined workforce by approximately 2000 employees. The objectives of the Plan are to eliminate redundant costs resulting from the acquisition of Siebel and improve efficiencies in operations. A majority of notifications to employees is expected to be completed by February 28, 2006 and the reductions are expected to be completed by December 31, 2006. Oracle anticipates its combined workforce will be approximately 55,000 employees once the Plan is completed.
 
Oracle estimates total costs related to the Plan will be between $725 million and $800 million, the substantial majority of which will require the outlay of cash. Oracle expects that $100 million to $125 million of this total will be Oracle restructuring charges related principally to severance costs. Oracle expects that $625 million to $675 million of this total will relate to the restructuring of Siebel operations. The restructuring of Siebel's operations includes $540 million to $565 million for real estate related costs and $60 million to $85 million for severance costs.
 
In addition to historical information, this Current Report on Form 8-K contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including statements regarding the Company's future financial position and results, are forward-looking statements. All information set forth herein is current as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events. For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with Oracle's business, please refer to the "Factors That May Affect Our Future Results or the Market Price of Our Stock" in the Management's Discussions and Analysis on Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of the SEC filings of Oracle and its predecessor, Oracle Systems Corporation, including, but not limited to, the annual report on Form 10-K, as amended, and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060302160346.txt.gz
TIME:20060302160346
EVENTS:	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
This Form 8-K/A is filed as an amendment (Amendment No. 1) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") under Items 2.01, 7.01 and 9.01 on January 31, 2006 (the "Initial 8-K"). Amendment No. 1 is being filed to include the financial information required under Item 9.01.
 
Section 2 - Financial Information
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
As previously reported, on January 31, 2006, Oracle acquired Siebel Systems, Inc. ("Siebel Systems") in accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") dated as of September 12, 2005, as amended, by and among Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly named Oracle Corporation and referred to herein as "Oracle Systems"), Siebel Systems, Oracle (formerly named Ozark Holding Inc.), Ozark Merger Sub Inc. ("Oracle Merger Sub") and Sierra Merger Sub Inc. ("Siebel Merger Sub"). Also on January 31, 2006, Siebel Merger Sub (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle) merged with and into Siebel Systems (the "Siebel Systems Merger") and Oracle Merger Sub (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle) merged with and into Oracle Systems (the "Oracle Merger" and together with the Siebel Systems Merger, the "Mergers"). As a result of the Mergers, each of Oracle Systems and Siebel Systems became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle. The aggregate consideration paid to former Siebel Systems stockholders in connection with the Merger Agreement consisted of approximately $4.1 billion in cash and approximately 140.7 million shares of Oracle common stock.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Siebel Systems as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2005 are filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Amendment No. 1 and incorporated herein by the reference.
 
Incorporated herein by reference from Oracle Systems Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 17, 2006.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this amendment to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

EXHIBIT 23.1
The Board of Directors
Oracle Corporation:
We consent to the use of our report dated February 28, 2006, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Siebel Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, included in this current report on Form 8-K of Oracle Corporation.
Mountain View, California
February 28, 2006

Exhibit 99.1
The Board of Directors and Stockholder
Siebel Systems, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Siebel Systems, Inc. (the "Company") and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Siebel Systems, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
Mountain View, California
February 28, 2006
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Company
Siebel Systems, Inc. (the "Company") is a leading provider of business applications software for the front office. The Company considers the front office to include those areas of business activity that involve customer interactions, such as sales, marketing and service. Siebel Business Applicationsthe Company's comprehensive family of front-office business applicationsare designed to help organizations better manage their customer, partner and employee relationships, analyze critical customer data, and execute customer-focused business processes. Siebel Business Applications can be installed on premise, delivered as a hosted service over the Internet, or deployed as a combination of the two.
A substantial portion of the Company's front-office business applications is focused on the customer relationship management, or CRM, market. CRM is an integrated approach to identifying, acquiring and retaining customers in order to help organizations maximize the value of customer interactions and improve corporate performance. The Company's sales, service and marketing applications are designed to help organizations perform and coordinate these operations across multiple communication channels (such as the Internet, telephone, fax, email, and in person) and different lines of business, while providing their customers with a single, consistently high standard of service. The Company's front-office solutions also include its customer and business intelligence applications (also known as analytics), customer data integration solutions, and a deeper set of service offerings to assist the Company's customers in maximizing the value received from its products.
In addition to licensing the Company's applications on a per-user basis, the Company also offers two hosted software solutions, Siebel CRM OnDemand and Siebel Contact OnDemand, as services available over the Internet. Siebel CRM OnDemand offers customers the Company's CRM and analytics functionality and Siebel Contact OnDemand offers customers the Company's call center functionality. The Company's OnDemand solutions integrate with the on-premise Siebel Application Suite, enabling organizations to deploy the Company's solutions in any combination of online, hosted or on-premise delivery models.
Principles of Consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Use of Estimates
The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires that the Company make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, provision for doubtful accounts and sales returns, fair value of investments, fair value of acquired intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, restructuring obligations, and contingencies and litigation, among others. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by management with respect to these and other items.
Foreign Currency Translation
The Company considers the functional currency of its foreign subsidiaries to be the local currency, and accordingly, the foreign currency is translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates in effect at period end for assets and liabilities and average exchange rates during each reporting period for the results of operations. Adjustments resulting from translation of foreign subsidiary financial statements are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. Gains or losses on foreign currency transactions are recognized in current operations and have not been significant to the Company's operating results for any period presented.
 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The fair value of the Company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their respective carrying amounts. The fair value of the Company's derivative financial instruments, principally foreign currency contracts utilized to offset foreign currency transaction gains and losses, was $3.5 million as of December 31, 2005. The fair value of these derivative financial instruments is reflected in prepaids and other in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2005.
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Short-Term Investments and Marketable Equity Securities
The Company considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of 90 days or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Short-term investments generally consist of highly liquid securities with original maturities in excess of 90 days. Marketable equity securities are reflected in prepaids and other in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and include the Company's investments in publicly traded companies in the high technology industry. The Company has classified its short-term investments and marketable equity securities as "available-for-sale." Such investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of related tax effects, reported within accumulated other comprehensive income. Realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are computed using the specific identification method and reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
Concentrations of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk consist principally of short-term investments, trade accounts receivable and financial instruments used in foreign currency hedging activities. The Company primarily invests its excess cash in money market instruments, government securities, corporate bonds and asset-backed securities. The Company is exposed to credit risks related to its short-term investments in the event of default or decrease in credit-worthiness of one of the issuers of the investments. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally does not require collateral on accounts receivable, as the majority of the Company's customers are large, well-established companies. The Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses, but historically has not experienced any significant losses related to any particular industry or geographic area since the Company's business is not concentrated on any one particular customer or customer base.
No single customer accounts for more than 10% of revenues for any period presented, and the Company's customers, which are primarily in the high technology, telecommunications, financial services (including insurance), pharmaceutical, public sector and consumer packaged goods industries, are sufficiently diverse that the Company does not consider itself significantly exposed to concentrations of credit risk. The counterparties to agreements relating to the Company's foreign currency contracts are large, multinational financial institutions. The amounts subject to credit risk arising from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts are generally limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparty's obligations exceed the obligations of the Company to that counterparty.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Capital lease amortization is included with depreciation expense, and the associated accumulated amortization of $33.7 million and $37.1 million as of December 31, 2004 and 2005, respectively, is included with accumulated depreciation in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the respective assets, generally two to five years, or the lease term, if applicable. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, generally seven years. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective property accounts, and the gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of operations.
 
Asset Retirement Obligations
On January 1, 2003, the Company adopted SFAS No. 143 "Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations" ("SFAS 143"), which applies to legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets. All of the Company's existing asset retirement obligations are associated with commitments to return property subject to operating leases to the original condition upon lease termination. As of the date of adoption, the Company recorded a $1.8 million long-term asset retirement liability and a corresponding increase in leasehold improvements. This amount represents the net present value of the expected future cash flows associated with returning certain of the Company's leased properties to original condition. The Company has reflected asset retirement obligations of $0.3 million and $0.1 million in accrued expenses, and $1.9 million and $1.3 million in other long-term liabilities, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2004 and 2005, respectively.
Intangible Assets and Goodwill
The Company accounts for its business combinations in accordance with SFAS No. 141 "Business Combinations" ("SFAS 141") and the related acquired intangible assets and goodwill in accordance with SFAS No. 142 "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" ("SFAS 142"). SFAS 141 specifies the accounting for business combinations and the criteria for recognizing and reporting intangible assets apart from goodwill.
SFAS 142 requires that intangible assets with an indefinite life should not be amortized until their life is determined to be finite, and all other intangible assets must be amortized over their useful lives. The Company is currently amortizing its acquired intangible assets with definite lives over periods ranging from one to six years. SFAS 142 also requires that goodwill not be amortized but instead be tested for impairment in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 142 at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events (see "Impairment of Long-Lived Assets" below). Please refer to Note 4 for a further discussion of the Company's intangible assets and goodwill.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
The Company tests goodwill for impairment in accordance with SFAS 142. SFAS 142 requires that goodwill be tested for impairment at the "reporting unit" level ("Reporting Unit") at least annually and more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events, as defined by SFAS 142. Consistent with the Company's determination that it has only one reporting segment as defined in SFAS No. 131 "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information," the Company has determined that it has only one Reporting Unit, specifically the license, implementation and support of its software applications. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually on July 1 in a two-step process. First, the Company determines if the carrying amount of its Reporting Unit exceeds the "fair value" of the Reporting Unit, which would indicate that goodwill may be impaired. If the Company determines that goodwill may be impaired, the Company compares the "implied fair value" of the goodwill, as defined by SFAS 142, to its carrying amount to determine if there is an impairment loss. The Company does not have any goodwill that it considers to be impaired.
In accordance with SFAS No. 144 "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS 144"), the Company evaluates long-lived assets, including intangible assets other than goodwill, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. As discussed further in Note 4, during 2005 the Company concluded that certain of its intangible assets were impaired and wrote those assets down to their fair values.
Contingent Liabilities
The Company has a number of unresolved regulatory, legal and tax matters, as discussed further in Notes 7 and 12. The Company provides for contingent liabilities in accordance with SFAS No. 5 "Accounting for Contingencies" ("SFAS 5"). In accordance with SFAS 5, a loss contingency is charged to income when (i) it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (ii) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Disclosure in the notes to the financial statements is required for loss contingencies that do not meet both those conditions if there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may have been incurred. Gain contingencies are not recorded until realized. The Company expenses all legal costs incurred to resolve regulatory, legal and tax matters as incurred.
 
Periodically, the Company reviews the status of each significant matter to assess the potential financial exposure. If a potential loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated as defined by SFAS 5, the Company reflects the estimated loss in its results of operations. Significant judgment is required to determine the probability that a liability has been incurred and whether such liability is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based on the best information available at the time. Further, estimates of this nature are highly subjective, and the final outcome of these matters could vary significantly from the amounts that have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As additional information becomes available, the Company reassesses the potential liability related to its pending claims and litigation and may revise its estimates accordingly. Such revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on the Company's results of operations and financial position.
Stock-Based Compensation
The Company accounts for its employee stock-based compensation plans using the intrinsic value method, as prescribed by APB No. 25 "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and interpretations thereof (collectively referred to as "APB 25"). Accordingly, the Company records deferred compensation costs related to its stock-based compensation as follows (all references in this document to market price on the date of grant have the meaning set forth in the applicable plan):
 
 
Deferred compensation is expensed on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting period of the equity instrument. The terms of the Company's stock options and restricted stock generally provide for ratable vesting over five years, with 20% of the underlying shares vesting one year from grant and the remaining shares vesting 5% quarterly thereafter. The terms of the Company's RSU grants vary, but generally provide for the underlying shares to vest over a period of approximately one to five years. Please refer to Note 10 for a further discussion of the Company's RSUs. The Company did not grant any stock options at exercise prices below the fair market value of the Company's common stock during any period presented.
An alternative to the intrinsic value method of accounting for stock-based compensation is the fair value approach prescribed by SFAS No. 123 "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation," as amended by SFAS No. 148 "Accounting for Stock-Based CompensationTransition and Disclosure" (collectively referred to as "SFAS 123"). If the Company followed the fair value approach, the Company would record deferred compensation based on the fair value of the stock option at the date of grant as determined using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The deferred compensation calculated under the fair value method would then be amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the respective stock option.
 
As required by SFAS 123, the Company has prepared a reconciliation of its earnings as reported on the statement of operations to the earnings that the Company would have reported if it had followed SFAS 123 in accounting for its stock-based compensation arrangements. In accordance with SFAS 123, in preparing this reconciliation the Company has first added back all stock-based compensation expense reflected in its statement of operations, then deducted the stock-based employee compensation expense determined under SFAS 123. Summarized below are the pro forma effects on the Company's earnings and earnings per share as if the Company had elected to use the fair value approach prescribed by SFAS 123 to account for its employee stock-based compensation plans, including its employee stock purchase plan (the "Purchase Plan") (in thousands, except per share data):
 
The Company has provided a tax benefit on the pro forma expense in the above table in a manner consistent with the Company's accounting for deferred tax assets resulting from the exercise of employee stock options in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, the Company's tax benefits in 2004 and 2005 were limited to the amount of pro forma expense reflected in the above table resulting in tax benefits of $7.5 million and $2.3 million, respectively, compared to the actual benefits realized on the Company's tax returns of $16.6 million and $73.4 million, respectively, which are reflected as increases to additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Please refer to Note 12 for further discussion of the Company's accounting for deferred tax assets generated from the exercise of employee stock options.
In-the-money stock options in the above table have exercise prices below the closing price of the Company's common stock as of the end of each of the respective periods, and out-of-the-money stock options have exercise prices equal to or greater than the closing price of the Company's common stock as of the end of each of the respective periods. The closing prices as of December 31, 2004 and 2005 were $10.49 and $10.57, respectively.
As the table above illustrates, total pro forma expense for stock options includes $140.7 million and $81.1 million of expense during 2004 and 2005 related to (i) stock options forfeited by employees upon termination for no consideration, and (ii) stock options that are significantly out of the money (e.g., the weighted-average exercise price of the out-of-the-money stock options was $21.86 per share compared to a closing price of $10.57 per share as of December 31, 2005). These items represented 83% and 76% of the pro forma expense in the above table for 2004 and 2005, respectively.
 
The Company determined the assumptions used in computing the fair value of its stock options or stock purchase rights issued under its employee stock purchase plan (the "Purchase Plan") as follows:
Expected Life
In determining the appropriate expected life of its stock options, the Company segregates its optionholders into the following categories: (i) CEO and members of its Board of Directors, (ii) officers and (iii) non-officer employees. The Company determined these categories based on its experience that its CEO, officers and members of its Board of Directors hold stock options for longer periods than its non-officer employees.
The Company estimated the expected useful lives for each of these categories giving consideration to (i) the weighted average vesting periods (e.g., options that vest over five years have a weighted-average vesting period of 2.7 years), (ii) the contractual lives of the stock options, (iii) the relationship between the exercise price and the fair market value of the Company's common stock, (iv) expected employee turnover, (v) the expected future volatility of the Company's common stock, and (v) past and expected exercise behavior, among other factors.
During 2005, the Company's weighted average expected life assumption increased compared to 2004, primarily due to (i) an increase in the weighted average vesting period and (ii) the continued low levels of volatility of the Company's common stock (i.e., lower volatility historically has resulted in a longer stock option life).
Volatility
The Company estimated expected volatility giving consideration to the expected useful lives of the stock options, implied expected volatility in traded options for the Company's common stock, and recent volatility of the Company's common stock, among other factors. In considering these factors, the Company noted that (i) the stock market in general, and its common stock in particular, have continued to become less volatile; and (ii) implied volatility in traded options for the Company's common stock has continued to decrease relative to previous periods.
Risk-Free Interest Rate
The Company estimated the risk-free interest rate using the U.S. Treasury bill rate for the relevant expected life.
Dividend Yield
The Company estimated a dividend yield of 1.1% for use in the valuation of stock options granted in the second quarter of 2005, based on the Board-approved quarterly dividend of $0.025 per share discussed further in Note 6 below, and the fair market value of the Company's stock as of June 30, 2005 of $8.90 per share. Given the pendency of the acquisition of the Company by Oracle Corporation as discussed in Note 3 below, the Company determined in the third quarter of 2005 that it would not grant further dividends. Therefore, the Company utilized an annual dividend yield of 0% for the valuation of stock options granted in the third and fourth quarters of 2005.
The fair value of stock options was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following weighted average assumptions:
 
Using the Black-Scholes option valuation model, stock options granted during 2004 and 2005 had weighted average fair values of $3.29 and $2.99 per share, respectively. There were no grants in 2004 or 2005 at exercise prices below market price at the date of grant.
 
The fair value of employees' stock purchase rights granted under the Purchase Plan was estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the following weighted average assumptions used for purchases:
 
The weighted average estimated fair value of the common stock purchase rights granted under the Purchase Plan during 2004 and 2005 was $2.85 and $2.20 per share, respectively, including the 15% discount from the quoted market price. During 2004 and 2005, all offering periods under the Purchase Plan were for six months.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
The Company operates internationally and thus is exposed to potential adverse changes in currency exchange rates. The Company uses derivative instruments (foreign exchange forward contracts) to reduce its exposure to foreign currency rate changes on receivables, payables and intercompany balances denominated in a non-functional currency. The objective of these contracts is to reduce or eliminate, and efficiently manage, the economic impact of currency exchange rate movements on the Company's operating results as effectively as possible. These contracts require the Company to buy or sell currencies at rates agreed upon at the contract's inception. These contracts reduce the exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rate movements because the gains and losses associated with foreign non-functional currency denominated balances and transactions are generally offset with the gains and losses of the foreign exchange forward contracts.
Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on the intended use of the derivative instrument and the resulting designation. The Company does not designate its foreign exchange forward contracts as accounting hedges as defined by SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" ("SFAS 133") and, accordingly, the Company adjusts these instruments to fair value through operations (i.e., included in other income). The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
Revenue Recognition
Substantially all of the Company's revenues are derived from providing (i) licenses of our software; (ii) technical support and product updates, otherwise known as maintenance; and (iii) professional services, including implementation and training services. The Company's standard end user license agreement provides for an initial fee for use of the Company's products in perpetuity based upon the number of named users. The Company licenses its software in multiple element arrangements in which the customer typically purchases a combination of (i) its software products, (ii) a maintenance arrangement, which is generally priced as a percentage of the software license fees and provides for technical support and product updates over a period of one year, and (iii) a professional services arrangement on a time and materials basis.
Determining Separate Elements and Allocating Value to Those Elements
The Company recognizes revenue using the residual method pursuant to the requirements of Statement of Position No. 97-2 "Software Revenue Recognition" ("SOP 97-2"), as amended by Statement of Position No. 98-9, "Software Revenue Recognition with Respect to Certain Arrangements." Under the residual method, revenue is recognized in a multiple element arrangement when company-specific objective evidence of fair value exists for all of the undelivered elements (i.e., professional services and maintenance) in the arrangement, but does not exist for one of the delivered elements in the arrangement (i.e., the software product). The Company allocates revenue to each element in the arrangement based on its respective fair value, with the fair value determined by the price charged when that element is sold separately. The Company defers revenue for the fair value of its undelivered elements (e.g., professional services and maintenance) and recognizes revenue for the remainder of the arrangement fee attributable to the delivered elements (i.e., software product) when the basic criteria in SOP 97-2 have been met.
The Company determines the fair value of the maintenance portion of the arrangement based on the renewal price of the maintenance charged to the customer based on full deployment of the licensed software products, and the fair value of the
 
professional services portion of the arrangement based on the hourly rates that the Company charges for these services when sold independently from a software license. If evidence of fair value cannot be established for the undelivered elements of a license agreement, the entire amount of revenue from the arrangement is deferred and recognized over the period that these elements are delivered.
In addition to evaluating the fair value of each element of the arrangement, the Company evaluates whether the elements can be separated into separate accounting units under SOP 97-2. In making this determination, the Company considers the nature of services (i.e., consideration of whether the services are essential to the functionality of the licensed product), degree of risk, availability of services from other vendors, timing of payments and impact of milestones or acceptance criteria on the realizability of the software license fee.
Software License Revenue
Under SOP 97-2, revenue attributable to an element in a customer arrangement is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists and delivery has occurred, provided the fee is fixed or determinable, collectibility is probable and the arrangement does not require significant customization of the software. For substantially all of the Company's software arrangements, the Company defers revenue for the fair value of the maintenance and professional services to be provided to the customer and recognizes revenue for the software license when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists and delivery of the software has occurred, provided the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is deemed probable.
If at the outset of the customer arrangement, the Company determines that the arrangement fee is not fixed or determinable, the Company defers the revenue and recognizes the revenue when the arrangement fee becomes due and payable. If at the outset of the customer arrangement, the Company determines that collectibility is not probable, the Company defers the revenue and recognizes the revenue when payment is received. The Company generally recognizes revenue from resellers upon sell-through to the end customer. In certain geographies, the Company defers revenue recognition from resellers until payment is received.
At times the Company licenses a combination of its products to its customers, with the actual product selection and number of licensed users determined subsequent to the initial license. The Company refers to these licenses as "Enterprise Licenses" and accounts for the Enterprise Licenses in accordance with AICPA Technical Practice Aid 5100.45 "Effect of change in license mix on software revenue recognition." Accordingly, assuming all other criteria in SOP 97-2 are met, the Company recognizes revenue from its Enterprise Licenses upon delivery of the first copy, or product master, for all of the products within the license, as all products have been licensed and delivered, and the customer has the right of use.
Maintenance Revenue
The Company's customers typically prepay maintenance for the first year in connection with a new software license, and the related revenue is deferred and recognized ratably over the term of the initial maintenance contract based on the number of days the contract is outstanding during each period. Maintenance is renewable by the customer on an annual basis thereafter. Rates for maintenance, including subsequent renewal rates, are typically established based upon a specified percentage of net license fees as set forth in the arrangement.
Professional Services Revenue
Professional services revenue primarily consists of implementation services related to the installation of the Company's software products and training revenues. The Company's software is ready to use by the customer upon receipt and, therefore, the Company's implementation services do not involve significant customization to or development of the underlying software code. Substantially all of the Company's professional services arrangements are billed on a time and materials basis and, accordingly, are recognized as the services are performed. If there is a significant uncertainty about the project completion or receipt of payment for the professional services, revenue is deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved.
The Company recognizes revenue from contracts with fixed or "not to exceed" fees ("Fixed Fee Contracts") utilizing the proportional performance method of accounting. The Company estimates the proportional performance on Fixed Fee Contracts on a monthly basis utilizing hours incurred to date as a percentage of total estimated hours to complete the project, assuming there are no better indications of the proportional performance. The Company recognizes no more than 90% of the milestone or total contract amount until acceptance is obtained. If the Company does not have a sufficient basis to measure progress toward completion, revenue is recognized when the Company receives final acceptance from the customer. When total cost estimates exceed revenues, the Company accrues for the estimated losses immediately using cost estimates that are based upon an average fully burdened daily rate applicable to the consulting organization delivering the services.
 
OnDemand Revenue
Included in professional services, maintenance and other revenues are revenues derived from the Company's hosted service offerings, Siebel CRM OnDemand and Siebel Contact OnDemand. The Company's customers typically prepay for these subscription services, which the Company defers and recognizes ratably over the term of the customer contract based on the number of days the contract is outstanding during each period.
Because the Company does not provide the end customer with the right to take delivery of the hosted software, SOP 97-2 does not apply. Accordingly, the Company follows the guidance in EITF No. 00-21 "Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables" ("EITF 00-21") for purposes of allocating the total consideration to the individual deliverables in its OnDemand arrangements. The Company evaluates whether each of the elements in these arrangements represents a separate unit of accounting, as defined by EITF 00-21, using all applicable facts and circumstances, including whether (i) the Company sells or could readily sell the element unaccompanied by the other elements, (ii) the element has stand-alone value to the customer, (iii) there is objective reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered item, and (iv) there is a general right of return.
The Company allocates the arrangement consideration to the separate units of accounting based on their relative fair values, as determined by the price of the undelivered items when sold separately. Assuming all other criteria are met (i.e., evidence of an arrangement exists, collectibility is probable, and fees are fixed or determinable), revenue is recognized as follows:
 
 
 
If evidence of fair value cannot be established for the undelivered elements of an agreement, the entire amount of revenue from the arrangement is recognized ratably over the period that these elements are delivered.
Concurrent and Nonmonetary Transactions
The Company's customers include several of its suppliers and on occasion, the Company has purchased goods or services for the Company's operations from these vendors at or about the same time the Company has licensed its software to these same organizations (a "Concurrent Transaction"). Software license transactions that occur within three months (i.e., "at or about the same time") of a purchase by the Company from that same customer are reviewed by management for appropriate accounting and disclosure. The Company accounts for its Concurrent Transactions in accordance with APB No. 29 "Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions" and EITF No. 01-02 "Interpretations of APB Opinion 29," collectively referred to as "APB 29." Concurrent Transactions are separately negotiated, settled in cash and recorded at terms the Company considers to be arm's length. In addition, the Company receives competitive bids for the goods or services purchased by the Company in connection with Concurrent Transactions and these goods or services were budgeted by the Company in advance of the transaction, where appropriate.
Prior to recognizing any revenue from a Concurrent Transaction, the Company ensures that (i) the transaction meets its standard revenue recognition policies, as discussed above; (ii) the customer meets the Company's standard credit requirements; (iii) the transaction represents the culmination of the earnings process; and (iv) all goods or services purchased by the Company are necessary for its current operations and are expected to be placed into service shortly after purchase. If the Concurrent Transaction meets these requirements, the Company records the revenue at fair value, as defined by APB 29. The Company determines fair value based on a comparison of cash transactions for its software that are of similar size and on similar terms as the Concurrent Transaction or the fair value of the goods or services purchased by the Company, whichever is more readily determinable. The Company did not have any Concurrent Transactions during 2004 and 2005 that were required to be accounted for under APB 29.
 
Cost of Revenues
Cost of software license revenues consists primarily of amortization of acquired technology, third-party software royalties, and product packaging, shipping and documentation. Cost of professional services, maintenance and other revenues consist primarily of personnel-related costs (salaries and benefits), allocated facilities and systems costs, and cost of services provided by third-party consultants engaged by the Company.
Software Development Costs
Software development costs associated with new software products and enhancements to existing software products are expensed as incurred until technological feasibility in the form of a working model has been established. To date, the time period between the establishment of technological feasibility and completion of software development has been short, and no significant development costs have been incurred during that period. Accordingly, the Company has not capitalized any software development costs to date.
Advertising
The Company expenses the costs of producing advertisements at the time production occurs and expenses the cost of communicating the advertising in the period in which the advertising is used. Advertising expense is included in sales and marketing expense and amounted to $6.2 million and $10.7 million in 2004 and 2005, respectively.
Lease Obligations
The Company recognizes lease obligations with fixed escalations of rental payments on a straight-line basis in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Technical Bulletin 85-3 "Accounting for Operating Leases with Scheduled Rent Increases" ("FTB 85-3"). Accordingly, the total amount of base rentals over the term of the Company's leases is charged to expense on a straight-line method, with the amount of rental expense in excess of lease payments recorded as a deferred rent liability. As of December 31, 2004 and 2005, the Company has reflected deferred rent liabilities of $19.1 million and $19.3 million, respectively, in other long-term liabilities.
Provision for Doubtful Accounts
The Company initially records its provision for doubtful accounts based on its historical experience and then adjusts this provision at the end of each reporting period based on a detailed assessment of our accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts. In estimating the allowance for doubtful accounts, management considers, among other factors, (i) the aging of the accounts receivable, (ii) trends within and ratios involving the age of the accounts receivable, (iii) the customer mix in each of the aging categories and the nature of the receivable (e.g., license, consulting, maintenance, etc.), (iv) the Company's historical write-offs and recoveries; (v) the credit-worthiness of each customer, (vi) the economic conditions of the customer's industry, and (vii) general economic conditions. In cases where the Company is aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer's ability to meet their financial obligations to it, the Company records a specific allowance against amounts due from the customer, and thereby reduces the net recognized receivable to the amount it reasonably believes will be collected.
 
Restructuring and Related Expenses
In June 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS No. 146 "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities" ("SFAS 146"). SFAS 146 requires that a liability for a cost associated with an exit or disposal activity be recognized when the liability is incurred, as opposed to when management commits to an exit plan. SFAS 146 also requires that (i) liabilities associated with exit and disposal activities be measured at fair value; (ii) one-time termination benefits be expensed at the date the entity notifies the employee, unless the employee must provide future service, in which case the benefits are expensed ratably over the future service period; (iii) liabilities related to an operating lease/contract be recorded at fair value and measured when the contract does not have any future economic benefit to the entity (i.e., the entity ceases to utilize the rights conveyed by the contract); and (iv) all other costs related to an exit or disposal activity be expensed as incurred. The Company estimated the fair value of its lease obligations included in the 2004 and 2005 Restructurings (as defined in Note 2) based on the present value of the remaining lease obligation, operating costs, and other associated costs, less estimated sublease income.
The Company has historically provided substantially the same termination benefits at the time of a non-performance-based workforce reduction and, as a result, the Company determined that in some cases, SFAS 146 did not apply to its employee termination obligations incurred in connection with its 2005 Restructuring. The Company has accounted for these employee termination obligations, with the exception of those created under labor law (e.g., the WARN Act), in accordance with SFAS No. 112 "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits, an Amendment of FASB Statements No. 5 and 43" ("SFAS 112") The Company has accounted for obligations incurred in connection with the 2003 Restructuring under the WARN Act and local labor laws in accordance with SFAS No. 88 "Employers' Accounting for Settlements and Curtailments of Defined Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits" ("SFAS 88"). Under SFAS 112 and SFAS 88, the Company records these obligations when the obligations are estimable and probable.
The Company accounts for costs related to long-lived assets abandoned in accordance with SFAS 144 and, accordingly, charges to expense the net carrying value of the long-lived assets when the Company ceases to use the assets.
Income Taxes
The Company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences, along with net operating loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards, if it is more likely than not that the tax benefits will be realized. To the extent a deferred tax asset cannot be recognized under the preceding criteria, allowances are established. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
Net Income (Loss) per Share
Basic net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding. Diluted net income (loss) per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares of common stock and, when dilutive, potential common shares from stock options, restricted common stock subject to repurchase, and restricted stock units, using the treasury stock method.
Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation, the most significant of which were: (1) in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2004, a reclassification of accrued interest in the amount of $13.3 million from "Cash and cash equivalents" to "Short-term investments"; and (2) in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2004, a reclassification of $19.7 million, decreasing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and increasing cash flows from operating activities. The increase to cash flows from operating activities was comprised of a $25.3 million increase in foreign currency remeasurement loss, offset by a net $5.6 million decrease in changes in operating assets and liabilities.
 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Stock-Based Compensation
In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123 (Revised 2004) "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R"), a revision to SFAS 123. SFAS 123R addresses all forms of share-based payment ("SBP") awards, including shares issued under the Purchase Plan, stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights. SFAS 123R will require the Company to record compensation expense for SBP awards based on the fair value of the SBP awards.
Under SFAS 123R, restricted stock and restricted stock units will generally be valued by reference to the market value of freely tradable shares of the Company's common stock. Stock options, stock appreciation rights and shares issued under the Purchase Plan will generally be valued at fair value determined through an option valuation model, such as a lattice model or the Black-Scholes option valuation model (the model that the Company currently uses for its footnote disclosure). SFAS 123R is effective for annual fiscal periods beginning after June 15, 2005.
Income Taxes
In December 2004, the FASB issued two FASB Staff Positions ("FSP") related to the recently enacted American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 ("AJCA"). FSP No. 109-1 "Application of FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income Taxes, to the Tax Deduction on Qualified Production Activities" ("FSP 109-1") requires companies that qualify for a deduction for domestic production activities under the AJCA to account for the deduction as a special deduction under FASB Statement No. 109.
FSP No. 109-2 "Accounting and Disclosure Guidance for the Foreign Earnings Repatriation Provision within the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004" ("FSP 109-2") allows companies additional time to evaluate whether foreign earnings will be repatriated under the repatriation provisions of the AJCA and requires specified disclosures for companies needing the additional time to complete the evaluation. Once a decision is made to repatriate the foreign earnings, companies must reflect the deferred tax liabilities attributable to foreign earnings in the period that the decision is made to remit those earnings. The Company elected not to repatriate any foreign earnings in 2005.
Accounting Changes and Error Corrections
In June 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154 "Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, a replacement of APB Opinion No. 20, Accounting Changes, and Statement No. 3, Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial Statements" ("SFAS 154"). SFAS 154 will require companies to account for and apply changes in accounting principles retrospectively to prior periods' financial statements, instead of recording a cumulative effect adjustment within the period of the change, unless it is impracticable to determine the effects of the change to each period being presented. SFAS 154 is effective for accounting changes made in annual periods beginning after December 15, 2005 and, accordingly, the Company must adopt the new accounting provisions effective January 1, 2006.
 
During 2002 and 2003, the Company initiated a series of restructurings designed to better align its operating structure with expected revenue levels (the "2002 Restructuring," and the "2003 Restructuring," respectively). The 2002 Restructuring and 2003 Restructuring included the following key measures: (i) the reduction of the Company's workforce across all functional areas; (ii) the consolidation of its excess facilities; (iii) the abandonment of certain of its long-lived assets, including leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures; and (iv) the transfer of certain of its technical support, quality assurance and other product development positions to labor markets with lower cost structures.
In order to continue to reduce expense levels and to further improve the Company's operating margins, the Company initiated additional restructurings of its operations during 2004 and 2005 (the "2004 Restructuring," and the "2005 Restructuring," respectively, and collectively with the 2002 Restructuring and 2003 Restructuring, the "Restructurings"). The 2004 Restructuring consisted primarily of the consolidation of additional facilities and the abandonment of the related leasehold improvements and furniture and fixtures. The 2005 Restructurings included the following key actions: (i) the reduction of the Company's workforce across all functional areas; (ii) the consolidation of its excess facilities; and (iii) the abandonment of certain long-lived assets, including leasehold improvements, furniture and fixtures.
 
The following table summarizes the restructuring and related expenses incurred in connection with the Restructurings and the remaining obligations as of and for the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2005 (in thousands):
 
 
 
The Company believes that its estimates with respect to the remaining restructuring obligations are appropriate as of December 31, 2005.
 
The following table summarizes the time period in which the Company anticipates settling its remaining Restructuring obligations as of December 31, 2005 (in thousands):
 
The total Restructuring charge and related cash outlay are based on management's current estimates, which may change materially if further consolidations are required or if actual lease-related expenditures or sublease income differ from amounts currently expected. The Company will review the status of its restructuring activities quarterly and, if appropriate, record changes to its restructuring obligations in current operations based on management's most current estimates.
 
Other Charges
Concurrent with the 2005 Restructurings, the Company has recorded additional charges totaling approximately $7.2 million in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations during 2005. These expenses relate primarily to severance payments and accelerated RSU vesting associated with the resignation of the Company's previous Chief Executive Officer, and compensation associated with the appointment of the Company's new Chief Executive Officer, in April 2005.
 
On September 12, 2005, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") entered into a definitive Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") with the Company. As a result of the Merger Agreement: (i) the Company and Oracle will each become a wholly owned subsidiary of Ozark Holding Inc., and (ii) the Company's stockholders will receive $10.66 per share in cash for each Company share held, unless they elect to receive Oracle common stock, but no more than 30% of the Company's common shares may be exchanged for Oracle common stock. In the event that stockholders holding more than 30% of the Company's common stock elect to receive Oracle common stock, the equity consideration will be pro-rated. The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company's stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders held on January 31, 2006, and the acquisition closed on January 31, 2006.
The Company has incurred merger-related expenses associated with its merger with Oracle totaling $4.3 million during 2005, which were principally comprised of legal fees, and are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2005.
 
The following is a summary of the Company's acquisitions during 2003, 2004 and 2005, each of which has been accounted for as a purchase:
2005 Acquisitions
Acquisition of edocs, Inc.
On January 14, 2005, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of edocs, Inc. ("edocs"), a leading provider of electronic bill presentment and customer self-service software solutions, for initial consideration of approximately $118.5 million ("Initial Purchase Price"). The Initial Purchase Price consisted of the following: (i) the payment of cash consideration of $101.7 million; (ii) purchase consideration payable of $15.0 million (subsequently paid in the second quarter of 2005); and (iii) transaction costs of $1.8 million, consisting primarily of professional fees incurred related to investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and valuation advisors. As of September 30, 2005, the Company had paid the Initial Purchase Price.
Due to certain revenue targets defined in the purchase agreement being met in 2005, the Company is required to pay an additional $25.1 million in cash to the former shareholders of edocs. These amounts have been recorded as an increase to goodwill and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2005. The Company may be required to pay an additional $4.0 million in connection with the attainment of certain engineering milestones under a proposed amendment to the purchase agreement that has yet to be executed. As the amendment has not yet been executed, the $4.0 million has not been recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet.
 
The Company allocated the Initial Purchase Price to the tangible net assets and liabilities and intangible assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values. Under the purchase method of accounting, the Initial Purchase Price does not include the contingent earnout amounts described above. The Initial Purchase Price has been allocated as follows (in thousands):
 
In performing the purchase price allocation of acquired intangible assets, the Company considered its intention for future use of the assets, analyses of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of edocs' products, among other factors. In addition to identifiable intangible assets, the Company also purchased certain technologies being developed by edocs at the time of the acquisition, which is commonly referred to as In-Process Research and Development ("IPR&D"). The IPR&D acquired primarily related to edocs' products designed specifically for the telecommunications, healthcare and credit card industries.
Because the IPR&D had not yet reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use, the Company reflected a $10.9 million expense under the heading purchased in-process product development in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations during the first quarter of 2005. At the date of the Company's acquisition of edocs, there were six products under development, with the estimated percentage completion for each of these products ranging from approximately 50% to 75%. Subsequent to the acquisition, the Company incurred approximately $2.3 million related to the development of these products, four of which were substantially completed by September 30, 2005. The Company has ceased development of the remaining two products.
The Company determined the fair values of identifiable intangible assets and the IPR&D using the "income" valuation approach and discount rates ranging from 15% to 32%. The discount rates selected were based in part on considerations of the rate of return implied by the purchase price and the risk associated with achieving forecasted cash flows for edocs. Further, the Company also considered risks associated with achieving anticipated levels of market acceptance and penetration, successful completion of various research and development efforts, market growth rates and risks related to the impact of potential changes in future target markets.
The acquired technology and customer contract intangible assets are currently being amortized over their estimated useful lives of four years and one year, respectively, using the straight-line method. The customer relationship intangible assets are currently being amortized over their estimated useful lives of six years based on the greater of the straight-line method or the estimated customer attrition rates.
The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible net assets acquired of $82.2 million was assigned to goodwill. In accordance with SFAS No. 142 "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" ("SFAS 142"), goodwill will not be amortized but will be tested for impairment at least annually. This amount is not deductible for tax purposes.
 
The following table presents unaudited summarized combined results of operations of the Company and edocs, on a pro forma basis, as though the companies had been combined as of January 1, 2004. Because the acquisition was completed near the beginning of the first quarter of 2005, the pro forma information for 2005 would not differ materially from the actual results of the Company presented herein and therefore has not been included below. The operating results of edocs have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The following unaudited pro forma amounts are in thousands, except the per share amounts:
 
The above unaudited pro forma summarized results of operations are intended for informational purposes only and, in the opinion of management, are neither indicative of the financial position or results of operations of the Company had the acquisition actually taken place as of January 1, 2004, nor indicative of the Company's future results of operations. In addition, the above unaudited pro forma summarized results of operations do not include IPR&D charges or potential cost savings from operating efficiencies or synergies that may result from the Company's acquisition of edocs.
2004 Acquisitions
Acquisition of Eontec Limited
On April 20, 2004, the Company acquired all of the outstanding issued share capital of Eontec Limited ("Eontec"), a global provider of multichannel retail banking solutions, for initial cash consideration of $73.6 million (the "Initial Consideration"). The Initial Consideration consisted of the following: (i) the payment of cash consideration of $70.0 million for all of the outstanding securities of Eontec and (ii) transaction costs of $3.6 million, consisting primarily of professional fees incurred related to investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and valuation advisors.
During 2005 it was determined that as a result of Eontec meeting certain revenue-related targets as defined in the purchase agreement, the Company was required to pay the former holders of Eontec common stock additional consideration of $15.7 million. Amounts payable to the former holders of Eontec common stock have been recorded as an increase to goodwill in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Also, during the third quarter of 2005, the Company resolved certain outstanding matters with the former holders of Eontec common stock and certain business partners, which, in accordance with SFAS No. 141 "Business Combinations", resulted in the Company recording a decrease to goodwill of $1.5 million in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The net amount of $14.2 million was paid to the former holders of Eontec common stock in the fourth quarter of 2005.
The following table presents unaudited summarized combined results of operations of the Company and Eontec, on a pro forma basis, as though the companies had been combined as of January 1, 2004. The operating results of Eontec have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The following unaudited pro forma amounts are in thousands, except per share amounts:
 
The above unaudited pro forma summarized results of operations are intended for informational purposes only and, in the opinion of management, are neither indicative of the financial position or results of operations of the Company had the acquisition actually taken place as of January 1, 2004, nor indicative of the Company's future results of operations. In addition, the above unaudited pro forma summarized results of operations do not include potential cost savings from operating efficiencies or synergies that may result from the Company's acquisition of Eontec.
 
2003 Acquisitions
Acquisition of UpShot Corporation
On November 3, 2003, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of UpShot Corporation ("UpShot"), a leading provider of a hosted CRM service, for initial cash consideration of $56.0 million. Further information regarding the UpShot acquisition is disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. During the third quarter of 2005, the Company entered into an agreement with the former holders of UpShot common stock and certain former employees of UpShot. In the event certain revenue, revenue-related and product delivery targets defined in the agreement are met by June 30, 2007, the Company could be required to pay up to $6.2 million to the former holders of UpShot common stock and $6.2 million to the former employees of UpShot. Amounts paid by the Company under this agreement are being recorded when earned. Based on the amounts earned through December 31, 2005, the Company has recorded $3.5 million in cost of professional services, maintenance and other, and $3.5 million in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for 2005. The Company paid $3.2 million of this amount in the fourth quarter of 2005, and the remaining $3.8 million is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2005.
Intangible Assets and Goodwill
Goodwill
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during 2004 and 2005 were as follows (in thousands):
 
As required by SFAS 142, the Company does not amortize its goodwill balances, but instead tests its goodwill for impairment annually on July 1 and more frequently upon the occurrence of certain events in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 142. The Company's annual goodwill impairment test performed in the third quarter of 2005 indicated no impairment of goodwill as of July 1, 2005. Based upon the increase in the fair market value of the Company's common stock subsequent to entering into the Merger Agreement with Oracle, the Company did not deem it necessary to perform any additional impairment test on goodwill.
 
Intangible Assets
Intangible assets as of December 31, 2004 and 2005, along with the weighted average useful lives as of December 31, 2005, are as follows (in thousands, except years):
 
In December 2005, the Company performed an evaluation of its product lines to determine if any of its intangible assets were impaired. As a result of this evaluation, the Company determined that the forecasted future cash inflows related to the Eontec intangible assets, consisting of Acquired technology, Customer relationships, and Customer contracts, were less than the carrying value of those assets. Accordingly, the Company concluded that the assets were impaired, and discounted the future cash inflows to determine the assets' fair values. Based upon the Company's fair value analysis, the Company concluded that the carrying value of the impaired assets exceeded their fair value by $6.5 million. The Company has reflected an impairment charge of $4.0 million and $2.5 million under the captions cost of software license revenues and cost of professional services, maintenance and other, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for 2005.
The Company is amortizing its intangible assets as follows: (i) acquired technology, customer contracts and non-compete agreements are currently being amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method and (ii) customer relationship intangible assets are currently being amortized over their estimated useful lives based on the greater of the straight-line method or the estimated customer attrition rates. Based on identified intangible assets recorded as of December 31, 2005 and assuming no subsequent impairment of the underlying assets, amortization expense is expected to be as follows (in thousands):
 
 
Cash, Cash Equivalents, Short-Term Investments and Marketable Equity Securities
Cash equivalents consist of securities with maturities of 90 days or less at the date of purchase. Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and marketable securities consisted of the following as of December 31, 2004 and 2005 (in thousands):
December 31, 2004:
 
 
The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company's investments with unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2004 (in thousands):
 
The following table shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company's investments with unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2005 (in thousands):
 
Each of the securities in the above table have investment grade ratings and are in an unrealized loss position due primarily to interest rate changes. The Company expects to receive the full principal and interest on these securities, and the Company does not have a history of selling its investments at a loss. When evaluating the Company's investments for possible impairment, the Company reviews factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below cost basis, the financial condition of the investee, and the Company's ability and intent to hold the investment for a period of time which may be sufficient for anticipated recovery in market value. The declines in the above securities are considered to be temporary in nature.
Short-term investments as of December 31, 2004 consisted of $455.7 million of securities that mature in less than one year, $1,206.8 million of securities that mature in one to five years and $36.9 million of securities that mature in over five years. The following is a summary of the maturities of short-term investments as of December 31, 2005 (in thousands, except percentages):
 
 
Accounts Receivable, Net
Accounts receivable, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
 
Changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts and sales returns for 2004 and 2005 are as follows (in thousands):
 
Property and Equipment, Net
Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
 
Accrued Expenses
Accrued expenses consisted of the following (in thousands):
 
 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
Accumulated other comprehensive income consisted of the following (in thousands):
 
Interest and other Income, Net
Interest and other income, net consisted of the following (in thousands):
 
The Company holds several minority interests in companies having operations or technology in areas within its strategic focus. As of December 31, 2004 and 2005, the Company has reflected the carrying value of these cost-method investments of $4.7 million and $2.4 million, respectively, in other long-term assets. During 2004 and 2005, the Company wrote down certain of these cost-method investments, in the amount of $2.8 million and $0.2 million, respectively, as the decline in these investments was deemed to be other-than-temporary (i.e., write-down of cost-method investments in the table above). During 2005, the Company sold substantially all of the portfolio for approximately $5.0 million resulting in a gain on these cost-method investments of $2.1 million. As of December 31, 2005, the fair value of the Company's one remaining cost-method investment approximates its carrying value.
The Company employs a systematic methodology that considers available evidence in evaluating potential impairment of its investments on a quarterly basis. This review includes an evaluation of historical and projected financial performance of the investee, expected cash needs of the investee, recent funding events of the investee, general market conditions, industry and sector performance, and changes in technology, among other factors. The Company also considers the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, as well as the Company's intent and ability to hold the investment. Other-than-temporary impairments are recognized in earnings if (i) the market value of the investment is below its current carrying value for an extended period, which the Company generally defines as six to nine months; (ii) the issuer has experienced significant financial declines; or (iii) the issuer has experienced difficulties in raising capital to continue operations, among other factors. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis in the investment is established.
 
On June 8, 2005, the Company's Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend of $0.025 per share. This quarterly dividend of approximately $13.0 million was paid July 15, 2005 to stockholders of record on June 30, 2005.
 
Letters of Credit
As of December 31, 2005, the Company had secured letters of credit with banks totaling approximately $17.0 million. These letters of credit, which expire between 2006 and 2015, collateralize certain of the Company's lease obligations to various third parties.
 
Legal Actions
Regulation FD
On May 6, 2003, the SEC contacted the Company and indicated that a May 1, 2003 article on CBS MarketWatch had raised questions regarding its compliance with Regulation FD. In August 2003, the SEC staff notified the Company that it intended to recommend an enforcement action against the Company and two of its officers and requested that the Company submit Wells Submissions. The Company submitted Wells Submissions on September 19, 2003, and supplemental Wells Submissions on November 26, 2003. Thereafter, in June 2004, the SEC filed suit in the Southern District of New York, Case No. 04 CV 5130 (GBD), alleging claims for intentional and nonintentional violations of Regulation FD by the Company, and other related claims against the Company and its officers. On September 14, 2004, defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. On September 1, 2005, the Court granted the motion and dismissed all claims against all defendants with prejudice and the case in its entirety. In early November 2005, the SEC announced that it would not appeal the decision of the District Court. The matter is now completed.
Stock Option Grant Inquiry
On March 7, 2005, the SEC provided the Company with a copy of an order of investigation regarding certain stock option grants by a number of companies, including the Company. The SEC has advised the Company that this is a confidential fact finding inquiry and has confirmed that the issuance of the order does not indicate that it has concluded that the Company has violated any securities laws. The Company intends to cooperate with the SEC as this investigation continues to develop. The Company is unable to estimate the potential financial impact this matter could have on the Company. As such, in accordance with SFAS No. 5, "Accounting for Contingencies" ("SFAS 5"), no amount has been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to this matter.
Shareholder Lawsuits
On March 10, 2004, William Wollrab, on behalf of himself and purportedly on behalf of a class of the Company's stockholders, filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers relating to predicted adoption rates of Siebel v7.0 and certain customer satisfaction surveys. This complaint was consolidated and amended on August 27, 2004, with the Policemen's Annuity and Benefit Fund of Chicago being appointed to serve as lead plaintiff. In October 2004, the Company filed a motion for dismissal of this case, which was granted on January 28, 2005 with leave to amend. Plaintiffs in this case filed an amended complaint on February 28, 2005, and the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on April 27, 2005. A hearing on the motion occurred on November 4, 2005. On December 28, 2005 the Court dismissed this lawsuit with prejudice. On January 17, 2006 the plaintiffs filed a notice indicating that they intended to appeal the dismissal of this matter. The Company is unable to estimate the potential financial impact this matter could have on the Company. As such, in accordance with SFAS 5, no amounts have been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to this matter.
, CIV 449534,, CIV 449535, both filed on September 12, 2005 and , CIV 449608, filed on September 15, 2005, were filed in San Mateo Superior Court. The Company and its directors are named as defendants in all three actions. The and complaints also name Oracle Corporation as a defendant. The complaints arise out of the announced purchase of the Company by Oracle Corporation and allege in substance that the directors breached their fiduciary duties in agreeing to the transaction for failure to maximize stockholder value. In the complaints where it is named, Oracle Corporation is alleged to have aided and abetted the alleged violations. These complaints seek injunctive relief and damages together with interest and reimbursement of costs and expenses of litigation. On December 8, 2005, the three actions were consolidated, with , CIV 449534 as the lead case (the "Consolidated Action"). On December 21, 2005, plaintiffs in the Consolidated Action filed an amended consolidated complaint. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the Company's directors breached their fiduciary duties by entering into the merger agreement without seeking to maximize shareholder value, that the termination fee of $140 million in the merger agreement is excessive and that the directors breached their fiduciary duties by agreeing in the merger agreement not to solicit a higher bid for Siebel Systems. The complaint also alleges that the earlier versions of the proxy statement/prospectus relating to the merger with Oracle omit material facts relating to Siebel Systems' forecasts or projections, Oracle's projected earnings, Goldman Sachs' analysis of the transaction, the negotiations leading to the transaction, the terms of the consulting agreements to be entered into between Oracle and Thomas M. Siebel and George Shaheen and other matters. Finally, the complaint alleges that the directors breached their duties in connection with the administration of Siebel Systems' 1996 and 1998 Equity Incentive Plans, which allegedly resulted in options being granted at
Miller v. Siebel Systems, Inc.
Showers v. Siebel Systems, Inc.
Corwin v. Siebel Systems, Inc.
Miller
Corwin
Miller v. Siebel Systems, Inc.
 
a lower exercise price than they should have been. The complaint alleges that, as a result, the recipients of those options are receiving a greater share of the consideration being paid by Oracle and the alleged options repricing increased the expenses to be incurred by Oracle. According to the complaint, these alleged increased expenses have purportedly resulted in Oracle offering a lower price per share to Siebel Systems' shareholders. The complaint alleges that Oracle aided and abetted the directors' breaches of duties.
On April 12, 2004, Pamela Plotkin filed a derivative action purportedly on behalf of Siebel Systems in San Mateo County Superior Court against the company and certain current and former members of the board of directors relating to predicted adoption rates of Siebel v7.0 and certain customer satisfaction surveys. The action is captioned Plotkin, derivatively on behalf of Siebel Systems, Inc. v. T. Siebel et al., No. CIV 438635. The Superior Court dismissed the complaint by Ms. Plotkin on September 23, 2004, but gave Ms. Plotkin leave to file a new, amended complaint, which was subsequently filed by Ms. Plotkin. The Superior Court dismissed the amended complaint on December 28, 2004, but again gave Ms. Plotkin leave to file a new, amended complaint. Ms. Plotkin filed a new amended complaint on January 14, 2005. On February 2, 2005, the parties to this complaint agreed to stay (i.e., place on hold) the entire case until the motion to dismiss the amended complaint in the federal class action was decided. On December 1, 2005, Ms. Plotkin filed a motion for leave to file an amended complaint in that action to assert class action claims relating to the proposed merger of the Company with Oracle Corporation. The proposed amended complaint alleged, among other things, that the directors violated their fiduciary duties by failing to maximize shareholder value and by putting their personal interests ahead of the interests of the Company's shareholders in negotiating the terms of the proposed merger. The Company filed an opposition to Ms. Plotkin's motion to amend her complaint. On January 6, 2006, the Court granted Ms. Plotkin's motion to file an amended complaint. On January 11, 2006, the Court consolidated the Plotkin action into the Consolidated Action discussed above.
Wollrab
The Company does not believe resolution of these matters will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements and accordingly no amounts have been accrued.
Employee Class Action
On January 15, 2004 and May 5, 2004, Zhiyu Zheng, a former employee, as representative of a recently certified class of Siebel Software Engineers and Senior Software Engineers, filed a First Amended Complaint and Second Amended Complaint, respectively, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company, claiming that based on their job duties, Siebel Software Engineers and Senior Software Engineers do not meet exemption criteria as defined under California law, and as such are owed back wages, overtime pay, and certain other benefits. On October 12, 2005, the case was certified as a class action with respect to "All current and former Software Engineers and Senior Software Engineers employed by Siebel Systems, Inc. in California, at any time from January 16, 2000 through October 7, 2005," totaling approximately 829 persons. The Company believes the allegations in this action are without merit and it intends to defend vigorously against this claim. The Company is unable to estimate the potential financial impact this matter could have on the Company. As such, in accordance with SFAS 5, no amounts have been accrued in the accompanying consolidated financial statements with respect to this matter.
General
The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe that the outcome of any pending legal matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, although results of operations or cash flows could be affected in a particular period.
Taxes
Please refer to Note 12 for discussion of tax-related contingencies.
 
Indemnifications
The Company sells software licenses and services to its customers under contracts which the Company refers to as Software License and Service Agreements (each an "SLSA"). Each SLSA contains the key terms of the contractual arrangement with the customer, and generally includes certain provisions for indemnifying the customer against losses, expenses and liabilities from damages that may be awarded against the customer in the event the Company's software is found to infringe upon a patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary right of a third party. The SLSA generally limits the scope of, and remedies for, such indemnification obligations in a variety of industry-standard respects, including but not limited to certain time- and geography-based scope limitations and the right to replace an infringing product.
The Company believes its internal development processes and other policies and practices are designed to limit its exposure related to the indemnification provisions of the SLSA. In addition, the Company requires its employees to sign a proprietary information and inventions agreement, which, with limited exception, assigns the rights to its employees' development work to the Company. To date, the Company has not had to reimburse any of its customers for any losses related to these indemnification provisions and no material claims are outstanding as of December 31, 2005. For several reasons, including the lack of prior indemnification claims and the lack of a monetary liability limit for certain infringement claims under the SLSA, the Company cannot determine the maximum amount of potential future payments, if any, related to such indemnification provisions.
Employee Benefit Plan
The Company had a 401(k) plan that allowed eligible U.S. employees to contribute up to 20% of their compensation, limited to $14,000 in 2005. Employee contributions and earnings thereon vested immediately. The Company has not made any discretionary contributions to the 401(k) plan. On January 31, 2006, the Company terminated the 401(k) plan.
Lease Obligations
As of December 31, 2005, the Company leased facilities and certain equipment under non-cancelable operating leases expiring between 2006 and 2022. The Company also leases certain assets, primarily computer equipment, under capital leases expiring in 2009. Rent expense under operating leases for 2004 and 2005 was $83.3 million and $75.0 million, respectively.
Future minimum lease payments under both operating and capital leases as of December 31, 2005 are as follows (in thousands):
 
Operating lease commitments related to properties included in the Restructurings are not reflected in the above table, as the Company has reflected the fair value of these obligations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet under the caption restructuring obligations. Please refer to Note 2 for further discussion of the restructuring obligations, including a five-year summary of anticipated settlement dates of such obligations.
 
Stockholder Rights Plan
On January 23, 2003, the Company's Board of Directors approved the adoption of a Stockholder Rights Plan (the "Rights Plan") and the authorization of 100,000 shares of Series A2 junior participating preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share (the "Junior Preferred Stock"). The Rights Plan is intended as a means to guard against abusive takeover tactics and to provide for fair and equal treatment for all stockholders in the event that an unsolicited attempt is made to acquire the Company. The Rights Plan is not intended to prevent a takeover of the Company on terms that are favorable and fair to all stockholders and will not interfere with a merger approved by the Board of Directors.
Under the Rights Plan, the Company's stockholders received one preferred share purchase right (a "Right") for each outstanding share of the Company's common stock. The Rights trade with the Company's common stock and no separate Rights will be distributed until such time as the Rights become exercisable. The Rights will be exercisable only if a person or a group acquires or announces a tender offer to acquire 15% or more of the Company's common stock (an "Acquiring Person"), with limited exceptions as defined in the Rights Plan. Each Right entitles the holder to purchase from the Company one ten-thousandth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock at a price of $70.00 per one ten-thousandth of a share (the "Purchase Price"), subject to adjustment. Each one ten-thousandth of a share of Junior Preferred Stock is designed to be the economic equivalent of one share of the Company's common stock. However, until a Right is exercised, the holder of the Right will have no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including without limitation, the right to vote or receive dividends. Until the Rights become exercisable, the Rights will have no dilutive impact on the Company's earnings per share data. The Rights are protected by customary anti-dilution provisions.
In the event that any person or group of affiliated or associated persons becomes an Acquiring Person, each holder of a Right, other than Rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person and its associates and affiliates (which will thereafter be void), will for a 60-day period have the right to receive upon exercise that number of shares of common stock having a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right. The Rights, which expire on February 12, 2013, are redeemable for $0.001 per Right. The terms of the Rights may be amended by the Company's Board of Directors without the consent of the holders of the Rights, except that from and after such time as the Rights are distributed no such amendment may adversely affect the interest of the holders of the Rights, excluding the interests of an Acquiring Person.
At a special meeting of the Board of Directors on September 11, 2005, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an amendment (the "Rights Amendment") to the Rights Plan, to provide that no person shall be deemed to be an "Acquiring Person" (as such term is defined in the Rights Agreement) by reason of the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement or the Voting Agreement (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement), the merger with Oracle or the consummation of any other transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement, that neither a "Distribution Date" nor a "Shares Acquisition Date" (as such terms are defined in the Rights Agreement) shall be deemed to occur and that the rights issued pursuant to the Rights Agreement will not separate from the Company's common stock as a result of the execution, delivery or performance of the Merger Agreement or the Voting Agreement.
Series A2 Junior Participating Preferred Stock
The Junior Preferred Stock purchasable upon exercise of the Rights will not be redeemable. In the event of liquidation, the holders of the Junior Preferred Stock would be entitled to a minimum preferential liquidation payment of $10,000 per share, but would be entitled to receive an aggregate payment equal to 10,000 times the payment made per share of common stock. Each share of Junior Preferred Stock will have 10,000 votes, voting together with the Company's common stock. If issued, the Junior Preferred Stock will also be entitled to preferential dividends, when and if declared by the Board of Directors. Finally, in the event of any merger, consolidation or other transaction in which shares of the Company's common stock are exchanged, each share of Junior Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive 10,000 times the amount of consideration received per share of common stock. The Junior Preferred Stock would rank junior to any other series of the Company's preferred stock.
Exchangeable Shares and Series A1 Preferred Stock
In connection with the acquisition of Janna Systems Inc. ("Janna") in November 2000, the Company issued certain Janna stockholders that were residents of Canada newly issued exchangeable shares (the "Exchangeable Shares") of Siebel Janna Arrangement, Inc. ("Siebel Janna"), a Canadian subsidiary of the Company. The Exchangeable Shares were exchangeable at
 
the option of the holder into shares of the Company's common stock on a one-for-one basis, with a provision that enabled another Canadian subsidiary of the Company, Janna Nova Scotia Sub Company ("Janna Nova Scotia"), to require holders of Exchangeable Shares to exchange their shares after November 30, 2005. As of December 31, 2004, the number of Exchangeable Shares outstanding was approximately 1.4 million.
On December 7, 2005, all of the outstanding Exchangeable Shares, which were not already owned by the Company and its affiliates, were acquired by Janna Nova Scotia as a result of the exercise by Janna Nova Scotia of its overriding right to purchase such exchangeable non-voting shares owned by holders other than the Company and its affiliates. The Exchangeable Shares were acquired by Janna Nova Scotia in exchange for shares of the Company's common stock on a one-for-one basis on December 7, 2005. For financial reporting purposes, the number of shares of the Company's common stock deliverable by Janna Nova Scotia on the acquisition of the Exchangeable Shares of Siebel Janna were already included in the Company's outstanding shares. Therefore, no change in the number of shares of the Company's common stock outstanding resulted from the exchange.
 
Overview of the Company's Employee Stock Option and Purchase Plans
The 1996 Equity Incentive Plan, which amended and restated the Company's 1994 Stock Option Plan, the 1996 Supplemental Stock Option Plan and the 1998 Equity Incentive Plan (collectively, the "Plans"), provide for the issuance of up to an aggregate of 460,000,000 shares of common stock to employees, directors and consultants. The Plans provide for the issuance of incentive and non-statutory stock options, restricted stock purchase awards, restricted stock units, stock bonuses and stock appreciation rights.
Under the Plans, the exercise price for incentive stock options must be at least 100% of the fair market value on the date of the grant. Stock options granted under the Plans generally expire in five to ten years; however, incentive stock options granted to an optionee who owns common stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of the Company's common stock expire in five years. Vesting periods are determined by the Board of Directors and generally provide for shares to vest ratably over five years, with 20% vesting at the one-year anniversary and 5% vesting quarterly thereafter.
The Company has assumed certain stock options granted to former employees of acquired companies (the "Acquired Options"). The Acquired Options were assumed by the Company outside of the Plans, but all are administered as if issued under the Plans. All of the Acquired Options have been adjusted to give effect to the conversion under the terms of the agreements between the Company and the companies acquired. The Acquired Options generally become exercisable over a four-year period and expire ten years from the date of grant. No additional stock options will be granted under any of the acquired companies' plans.
The Plans and certain acquired companies' plans allow for the exercise of unvested stock options and the issuance of restricted stock and restricted stock units ("RSUs"). Shares of common stock issued to employees upon exercise of unvested stock options or grants of restricted stock and RSUs are subject to repurchase by the Company at the lower of the original purchase price of the restricted stock or the fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of repurchase. The Company's ability to repurchase these shares expires at a rate equivalent to the vesting schedule of each stock option or share of restricted stock.
The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company's stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders held on January 31, 2006, and the acquisition closed on January 31, 2006, at which point the stock options and RSU's under the Plans were to be assumed by Oracle and converted into stock options and RSUs of Oracle in accordance with the provisions of the Merger Agreement.
 
Stock Options Outstanding
Combined plan activity for 2004 and 2005 is summarized as follows:
 
The following table summarizes information about the Company's stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2005:
 
As of December 31, 2004, the Company had 94.3 million exercisable stock options outstanding, respectively, with a weighted average exercise price of $12.27 per share.
 
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In May 2003, the Company's Board of Directors adopted the Siebel Systems, Inc. 2003 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "2003 Purchase Plan"). The 2003 Purchase Plan was approved by stockholders on June 11, 2003. The 2003 Purchase Plan permits eligible employees to purchase common stock, through payroll deductions of up to 15% of the employee's compensation, at a price equal to 85% of the fair market value of the common stock at either the beginning or the end of each offering period, whichever is lower. The maximum length for an offering period under the 2003 Purchase Plan is 27 months. Currently, each offering period, other than the first offering period, is six months long and shares are purchased on the last day of each offering period. The first offering period was seven months long (July 1, 2003 to January 31, 2004).
For 2004 and 2005, the Company issued 3.7 million and 3.9 million shares, respectively, under the Purchase Plan with weighted average prices of $7.34 and $6.91 per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2005, there were 7.4 million shares available for future issuance under the Purchase Plan.
The Merger Agreement was approved by the Company's stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders held on January 31, 2006, and the acquisition closed on January 31, 2006. Shortly prior to that date, the last offering period was closed and the 2003 Purchase Plan terminated.
 
Restricted Stock
During 2002 the Company issued 200,000 shares of restricted stock to certain of its employees for nominal consideration. The Company recorded deferred compensation of $1.4 million related to this issuance of restricted stock, which is being expensed on a straight-line basis over the five-year vesting period.
On January 31, 2005, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Company's Board of Directors approved 2005 compensation for its non-employee directors such that each non-employee director would receive compensation equivalent to the fair value of a stock option to purchase 20,000 shares of the Company's common stock (based on the Black-Scholes option valuation model and the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant) to be allocated as follows: 50% in cash and 50% in shares of restricted stock that vest in full on January 31, 2006. Accordingly, in the first quarter of 2005 the Company awarded each of its non-employee directors compensation of $32,500 in cash and 3,750 shares of restricted stock (an aggregate of 22,500 shares for all six non-employee directors at that time) that will vest in full on January 31, 2006 in consideration for their service as a director in 2005. The Company recorded deferred compensation of $0.2 million related to this issuance of restricted stock, which is being expensed on a straight-line basis over the one-year vesting period.
In the event an employee or member of the Company's Board of Directors who has been awarded restricted stock discontinues service prior to the expiration of the vesting period, the Company may repurchase any unvested shares of the restricted stock at the lower of (i) the original purchase price of the restricted stock or (ii) the fair value of the Company's common stock. The Company's right to repurchase the shares lapses over the vesting period of the restricted stock. As of December 31, 2004 and 2005, a total of 71,000 and 80,000 shares, respectively, of the Company's restricted common stock remain subject to repurchase by the Company. There were no repurchases of restricted stock during 2004 or 2005.
Restricted Stock Units
On May 5, 2004, the Company amended the Plans to allow the Company to issue RSUs. RSUs are similar to restricted stock in that they are issued for no, or nominal, consideration; however, the holder generally is not entitled to the underlying shares of common stock until the RSU vests.
On May 5, 2004, the Company granted to its Chief Executive Officer, J. Michael Lawrie, an RSU for 350,000 shares of its common stock in connection with his commencement of employment. The terms of this RSU provide that 150,000 of the underlying shares of common stock vested during the second quarter of 2004 and the remaining 200,000 shares vest two years from his commencement of employment. During 2004 the Company granted additional RSUs for an aggregate of 145,000 shares of its common stock to various employees upon commencement of employment. As of December 31, 2004, RSUs for a total of 332,500 shares of the Company's common stock were unvested and remain outstanding.
 
The Company recorded an aggregate of $4.9 million of deferred compensation during 2004 in connection with the issuance of these RSUs, which the Company is amortizing on a straight-line basis over the respective vesting periods. The Company recorded $2.5 million of compensation expense associated with the RSUs during the year ended December 31, 2004.
The following table presents the activity related to RSUs during 2005:
 
Specifically, the Compensation Committee approved the following performance goals for 2005 and 2006:
 
 
The revenue-based targets set forth above will be adjusted upward to incorporate any revenue from companies acquired during the relevant year (excluding the acquisition of edocs in 2005) and the operating margin-based targets will be adjusted for the impact of any acquisitions and certain unusual charges (e.g., stock-based compensation, restructuring expenses, etc.).
For each goal that is fully achieved, vesting will be accelerated for 25% of the total shares granted, such that up to half of such accelerated shares would vest on January 31 of the year in which the Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors or the Company's Board of Directors determines that each of that year's goals have been met, and up to half of the remaining shares would vest on January 31 of the following year.
 
On April 30, 2005, the Company granted to its current Chief Executive Officer, George Shaheen, an RSU for 350,000 shares of its common stock in connection with his commencement of employment. The terms of the RSU provide that 150,000 of the underlying shares of common stock vested during the second quarter of 2005, and accordingly the Company has expensed $1.4 million in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The remaining 200,000 shares vest two years from his commencement of employment, or upon a change in control as defined in Mr. Shaheen's offer letter. The Company recorded $1.8 million of deferred compensation in connection with the issuance of this RSU, which the Company is amortizing to compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
 
The following is a reconciliation of the number of shares used in the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented (in thousands):
 
Shares used in the diluted net income per share computation in the above table include the dilutive impact of the Company's stock equivalents (i.e., stock options, restricted stock subject to repurchase and RSUs). The dilutive impact of the Company's common stock equivalents for 2004 and 2005 is calculated using the treasury stock method, based on the average share price of the Company's common stock of $10.41 and $9.33 per share, respectively. Under the treasury stock method, the proceeds that would be hypothetically received from the exercise of all stock options with exercise prices below the average share price of the Company's common stock are assumed to be used to repurchase shares of the Company's common stock.
The Company excludes all potentially dilutive securities from its diluted earnings per share computation when their effect would be anti-dilutive. The following common stock equivalents were excluded from the earnings per share computation, as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive (in thousands):
 
Under the treasury stock method, stock options with exercise prices exceeding the average share price of the Company's common stock during the applicable period are excluded from the diluted earnings per share computation. These stock options had weighted average exercise prices of $21.93 and $20.23 per share during 2004 and 2005, respectively.
 
Income Taxes
Income before tax expense includes income from foreign operations of approximately $61.2 million and $78.7 million for 2004 and 2005, respectively. The components of income tax expense for 2004 and 2005 are as follows (in thousands):
 
The differences between the income tax expense computed at the federal statutory rate of 35% and the Company's actual income tax expense for 2004 and 2005 are as follows:
 
 
The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2004 and 2005 are as follows (in thousands):
 
As of December 31, 2005, the Company had a valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets of approximately $657.3 million, of which approximately $625.2 million pertains to certain tax credits and net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards resulting from the exercise of employee stock options. The Company has provided a valuation allowance on these deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance on these deferred tax assets will be reduced in the period in which the Company realizes a benefit on its tax return from a reduction of income taxes payable stemming from the utilization of these credits and losses. When realized, the tax benefit of these credits and losses will be accounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity rather than as a reduction of income tax expense. The amount of tax benefits resulting from the exercise of employee stock options accounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity was $73.4 million during 2005 and $16.6 million during 2004.
The remaining valuation allowance of $32.1 million pertains to certain acquisition-related tax credits and NOL carryforwards that may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. If an "ownership change," as defined in Section 382, occurs or has occurred, a corporation's ability to utilize NOL and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to restriction. If the Company realizes a tax benefit related to these NOL and tax credits carryforwards, the tax benefit will be accounted for as a credit to goodwill rather than as a reduction of income tax expense. The amount of tax benefits resulting from the utilization of acquisition-related tax credits and NOL carryforwards accounted for as a credit to goodwill was $0.8 million in 2005 and $1.3 million during 2004.
As of December 31, 2005, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1,400.0 million and $1,189.0 million, respectively, available to offset future taxable income. In addition, the Company had federal and state research and development credit carryforwards of $36.4 million and $48.8 million, respectively, available to offset future tax liabilities. The Company's federal NOL carryforwards will begin to expire in 2011, if not utilized. The Company's state NOL carryforwards have begun to expire as of 2005, and will continue to do so if not utilized. The Company's federal research and development credit carryforward will begin to expire in 2011, if not utilized. The state research and development credit can be carried forward indefinitely.
In March 2005 the Company received formal notification from the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") that its examination of the Company's U.S. federal income tax returns for 1998 through 2000 had been completed. The final settlement with the IRS was consistent with the preliminary settlement disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. As a result of the settlement, the Company was able to utilize certain NOL carryforwards associated with stock option exercises that occurred in previous years. The majority of the final settlement of $54.3 million was offset by available NOL carryforwards of $51.4 million associated with previous exercises of stock options. The Company has reflected the utilization of these NOLs as an increase to additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The remaining portion of the settlement is expected to result in a cash outlay for interest of approximately $2.9 million, which has been accrued by the Company.
The Company's U.S. federal income tax returns for 2001 through 2003 remain under examination by the IRS. While the final resolution of this on-going examination of the Company's U.S. federal income tax returns for 2001 through 2003 remains uncertain, the Company believes it has made adequate provision in the accompanying consolidated financial
 
statements for any adjustments that the IRS has or may propose. Based on currently available information, management believes that the ultimate outcome of these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, cash flows or results of operations.
The Company's foreign subsidiaries' earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the United States. Accordingly, the Company has provided no U.S. income taxes on these earnings. As of December 31, 2005, the Company has unrecognized deferred tax liabilities of approximately $100.6 million related to approximately $262.1 million of cumulative net undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. The Company intends to utilize these amounts to fund future expansion of our international operations.
On October 22, 2004, the American Jobs Creation Act (the "AJCA") was signed into law. The AJCA includes a deduction of 85% for certain foreign earnings that are repatriated, as defined in the AJCA. The Company elected not to repatriate any foreign earnings in 2005.
Payroll Taxes
In July 2005, the IRS completed its examination of the Company's U.S. payroll tax returns for 1999 through 2001 and issued an assessment of $60.8 million primarily for penalties. This assessment primarily relates to the timing of the payment of taxes associated with stock option exercises. The Company notified the IRS that it does not agree with the IRS' findings. The Company plans to appeal this assessment and defend itself vigorously. While the final resolution of this issue is uncertain, based on currently available information, the Company believes it has made adequate provision in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for any adjustments that may result from the IRS audit of these U.S. payroll tax returns.
Indirect (Sales, Use and Value Added) Taxes
The Company's sales and use tax returns in various states in the United States for 2000 through 2005 and certain international sales and value added tax returns for 2002 through 2005 are currently under examination and/or review by the applicable taxing authorities. While the final resolutions of these on-going examinations are uncertain, the Company believes it has made adequate provision in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for any adjustments that may result from the audits of these tax returns.
Summary
The Company may receive assessments related to the audits and/or reviews of its U.S. and foreign income tax returns, payroll tax returns, sales and use tax returns, and value added tax returns that exceed amounts provided for by the Company. In the event of such an assessment, there exists the possibility of a material adverse impact on the Company's results of operations for the period in which the matter is ultimately resolved or an unfavorable outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable. Due to the uncertainty surrounding the audit/review process, there exists the possibility that the Company may incur costs in excess of amounts already recognized; however, the amount of such additional loss, if any, is not currently estimable.
 
The Company is principally engaged in the design, development, marketing, licensing and support of Siebel Business Applications, its family of front-office business software applications. Substantially all revenues result from the license of the Company's front-office software products and related professional services and customer support (maintenance) services. The Company's chief operating decision-maker (i.e., chief executive officer) reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied by disaggregated information about revenues by geographic region and product for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. Accordingly, the Company considers itself to be in a single reporting segment, specifically the license, implementation and support of its software.
The Company evaluates the performance of its geographic regions and products based only on revenues. The Company does not assess the performance of its geographic regions or products on other measures of income or expense, such as depreciation and amortization, operating income or net income. In addition, the Company's assets are primarily located in the United States and not allocated to any specific region or product. The Company does not produce reports for, or measure the performance of, its geographic regions or products using any asset-based metrics. Therefore, geographic and product information is presented only for revenues.
The following geographic information for total revenues is presented for 2004 and 2005 (in thousands):
 
International software license revenues for 2004 and 2005 were $223.0 million and $242.2 million, respectively, representing 46% and 50% of software license revenues, respectively. The Company's international software license revenues are derived from countries principally in Europe and Asia Pacific, which includes Japan.
The following is a summary of the Company's software license revenues by product for 2004 and 2005 (in thousands):
 
At times the Company licenses a combination of its products to its customers, with the actual product selection and number of licensed users determined subsequent to the initial license. The Company refers to these licenses as "Enterprise Licenses." The Company recognizes revenue from its Enterprise Licenses upon delivery of the first copy, or product master, for all of the products within the license, as all products have been licensed and delivered, and the customer has the right of use. During 2004 and 2005, software license revenues from Enterprise Licenses were $83.8 million and $53.8 million, respectively. The Company estimates the allocation of the revenue from these Enterprise Licenses to individual software products based upon the expected usage by its customers and in a manner consistent with its determination of compensation for its sales personnel. The actual deployment of Enterprise Licenses by the Company's customers may differ from the revenue allocated in the above table.
Although the Company believes the above methodology of allocating revenue from its Enterprise Licenses is reasonable, there can be no assurance that such allocated amounts reflect the amounts that would result had the Company individually licensed each specific software solution. Further, the Company generally does not reevaluate the allocation of its revenue from Enterprise Licenses based on actual deployment by its customers.
 
The following is a summary of the Company's professional services, maintenance and other revenues, by service offering, for 2004 and 2005 (in thousands):
 
No single customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenues in 2004 or 2005.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060320161611.txt.gz
TIME:20060320161611
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Section 2Financial Information
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On March 20, 2006, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 28, 2006. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
 
 
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 20, 2006  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that in Q3 fiscal 2006 GAAP earnings per share were $0.14, up 40% compared to the same quarter last year. Third quarter GAAP revenues were up 18% to $3.5 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 42% to $765 million. Total GAAP software revenues were up 20% to $2.8 billion with GAAP database and middleware new license revenues up 5% and GAAP applications new license revenues up 77%. GAAP services revenues were up 9% to $671 million compared to the same quarter last year.
 
Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.19 in Q3, up 21% compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP net income was up 23% to $1 billion compared to Q3 last year.
 
"We reported record revenues for the quarter and delivered non-GAAP EPS of 19 cents," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "Our non-GAAP operating margins reached record levels for the quarter as well, exceeding all previous third quarter results."
 
"SAP's strongest geographical region is Europe," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "So we are especially pleased that in Europe our applications new license revenue grew in excess of 100% year-over-year. It's very satisfying to be doing well right in SAP's backyard."
 
"Oracle's product strategy is based on a combination of innovations and acquisitions," said CEO, Larry Ellison. "Over the last several weeks we announced our internally developed Secure Enterprise Search technology, and the completion of the Siebel acquisition. As a result, Oracle now has strong product offerings in both Search and Software as a Service. These two markets are red hot and will be engines for growth for Oracle and the entire software industry for years to come."
 
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit Oracle on the web at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
www.oracle.com/investor
 
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing products. (4) We have an active acquisition program (including our recent acquisition of Siebel Systems, Inc.), and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K, as amended, and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Factors That May Affect Our Future Results or the Market Price of Our Stock." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of March 20, 2006. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
SEC Filings
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
 
 
 
Due to a series of acquisitions, our results of operations have undergone significant change. To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions and other significant expenses that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures.
 
Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effect:
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060321161349.txt.gz
TIME:20060321161349
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code
(650) 506-7000
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 1  Registrant's Business and Operations
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
$3,000,000,000 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement
     On March 15, 2006, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") entered into a new $3,000,000,000 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement (the "New Credit Agreement") among Oracle; the lenders named therein; Wachovia Bank, National Association ("Wachovia"), as administrative agent; Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent; the documentation agents named therein; and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities LLC, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.
     The New Credit Agreement replaces the $3,000,000,000 364-day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 18, 2005, among Oracle; the lenders named therein; Wachovia, as administrative agent; Credit Suisse First Boston and ABN Amro Bank N.V., as syndication agents; the documentation agents named therein; and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Credit Suisse First Boston, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners (the "Existing Credit Agreement"), under which Oracle terminated all of its commitments on March 15, 2006, and which otherwise would have expired on March 17, 2006. The Existing Credit Agreement is described in the first Current Report on Form 8-K of Oracle Systems Corporation filed with the SEC on March 22, 2005 (File No. 000-14376), and such description is incorporated herein by reference.
     The New Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured $3,000,000,000 5-year revolving credit facility (the "Facility") to Oracle in order to backstop any commercial paper that Oracle may issue and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Subject to certain conditions stated in the New Credit Agreement, Oracle may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the Facility at any time during the term of the New Credit Agreement. All amounts under the New Credit Agreement are due on March 14, 2011, unless the commitments are terminated earlier either at the request of Oracle or, if an event of default occurs, by the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events). Interest is based on either (a) a LIBOR-based formula or (b) a formula based on Wachovia's prime rate or on the federal funds effective rate.
     The New Credit Agreement also provides that (i) standby letters of credit may be issued on behalf of Oracle up to $500,000,000; and (ii) any amounts borrowed and letters of credit issued may be in Japanese Yen, Pounds Sterling and Euros up to US$1,500,000,000. Oracle may also, upon the agreement of either then existing lenders or of additional banks not currently party to the New Credit Agreement, increase the commitments under the Facility up to $5,000,000,000.
     The New Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default, including the requirement that the total net debt to total capitalization ratio of Oracle not exceed 45%. If any of the events of default occur and are not cured within applicable grace periods or waived, any unpaid amounts under the New Credit Agreement may be declared immediately due and payable and the commitments may be terminated.
     At this time, Oracle has not borrowed any funds under the New Credit Agreement.
     The description above is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the New Credit Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.4 to this report.
     Certain lenders under the New Credit Agreement, or one or more of their affiliates or branches, have provided investment banking and trustee/paying agency services to Oracle, are lenders or agents under other credit facilities of Oracle or provide Oracle and its subsidiaries with cash management services, foreign exchange services, global custody agent services and fixed income brokerage services.
Item 1.02 Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement.
     See Item 1.01 above.
Table of Contents
Section 2  Financial Information
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
     Please see Item 1.01, above.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
     10.4 $3,000,000,000 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 15, 2006, among Oracle Corporation and the lenders and agents named therein.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 10.4
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
 
 
     Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and the banks, financial institutions, other institutional lenders (the "") listed on the signature pages hereof, Wachovia Bank, National Association ("Wachovia") as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the ""), Bank of America, N.A. (""), as Syndication Agent (in such capacity, the "") and ABN Amro Bank, N.V., BNP Paribas, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Bank, as documentation agents (in such capacity, the "") and Wachovia Capital Markets LLC and Banc of America Securities LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, agree as follows:
Borrower
Initial Lenders
Agent
Bank of America
Syndication Agent
Documentation Agents
     Section 1.01. . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
Certain Defined Terms
     "" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
Additional Lender
     "" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
Additional Lender Supplement
     "" means Liens on the assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, not otherwise permitted hereunder, consisting solely of real property interests, cash and cash equivalents and any proceeds thereof; that the aggregate value of all assets subject to such Liens shall not exceed $500,000,000 at any time, based upon the book value of such assets determined at the time such Lien attaches.
Additional Permitted Liens
provided
     "" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
     "" means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as part of a Borrowing under the Commitments and refers to a Base Rate Advance in Dollars or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Dollars or in an Alternate Currency (each of which shall be a "" of Advance).
Advance
Type
     "" means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
Affiliate
     "" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Agent
 
     "" means an account at Wachovia designated in writing to the Borrower.
Agent's Account
     "" means this Agreement.
Agreement
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 9.14.
Agreement Currency
     "" means Euros, Pounds Sterling or Yen.
Alternate Currency
     "" means at any time all Advances made in an Alternate Currency then outstanding.
Alternate Currency Advances
     "" means, at any time, the outstanding Dollar Amount of all Alternate Currency Advances and L/C Obligations in an Alternate Currency at such time.
Alternate Currency Exposure
     "" means, with respect to all Alternate Currency Exposure under the Commitments, the Dollar Amount of $1,500,000,000 (as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 2.05).
Alternate Currency Sublimit
     "", "" and "" means a rate per annum, determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect from time to time as set forth in the grid below:
Applicable Facility Fee
Applicable Margin
Applicable Utilization Fee
     For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if both of Moody's and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Public Debt Rating, then the Level shall be determined by reference to such Public Debt Ratings and the Public Debt Rating of Fitch shall be disregarded, (ii) if only one of Moody's and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Public Debt Rating, then the Level shall be determined by reference to such Public Debt Rating and the Public Debt Rating of Fitch, (iii) if fewer than two of Moody's, S&P and Fitch shall have in effect a Public Debt Rating, then each rating agency that does not have
 
in effect a Public Debt Rating shall be deemed to have established a rating in Level V; and (iv) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody's and S&P (or, subject to the foregoing clauses of this paragraph, Fitch) for the Public Debt Rating shall fall within different Levels, the applicable Level shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more Levels lower than the other, in which case the applicable Level shall be determined by reference to the Level next below that of the higher of the two ratings.
     "" means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance and such Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance.
Applicable Lending Office
     "" means at any time and with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender's Commitment at such time. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments.
Applicable Percentage
     "" means an application, in such form as the Issuing Lender may specify from time to time, requesting the Issuing Lender to open a Letter of Credit.
Application
     "" means (a) a CLO and (b) with respect to any Lender that is a Fund, any other Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor.
Approved Fund
     "" means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.07), and accepted by the Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto or any other form approved by the Agent.
Assignment and Acceptance
     "" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Bank of America
     "" means, at any time, the higher of (x) the Prime Rate or (y) the rate which is 1/2 of 1% in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate.
Base Rate
     "" means an Advance in Dollars that bears interest as provided in Section 2.06(a)(i).
Base Rate Advance
     "" means the issuance in the capital markets by the Borrower, as a co-obligor, of senior notes in an aggregate amount of up to $5,750,000,000 dated January 13, 2006.
Bond Issuance
     "" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Borrower
 
     "" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same Type (or, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, having the same Interest Period) made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.
Borrowing
     "" means either:
Business Day
     (a) for all purposes other than with respect to Alternate Currency Advances, a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City or Charlotte, North Carolina; that, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurocurrency Rate Advances, "Business Day" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market; or
provided
     (b) with respect to Alternate Currency Advances, any day on which banks in London are open for general banking business, including dealings in foreign currency and exchange (including dealing or deposits in the relevant Alternate Currency in the London Interbank market) and (x) with respect to determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Advances denominated in Euros, any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (T) (or, if such clearing system ceases to be operative, such other clearing system (if any) determined by the Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for settlement of payment in Euros and (y) with respect to Alternate Currency Advances denominated in Japanese Yen, any day on which banks in Tokyo, Japan are open for general banking business, including dealings in foreign currency and exchange (including dealing or deposits in Japanese Yen).
     "" means (a) the last calendar day of each month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and (b) at any time when a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any other Business Day which the Agent may determine in its sole discretion to be a Calculation Date.
Calculation Date
     "" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (i) Total Consolidated Net Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date to (ii) Total Capitalization of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date.
Capitalization Ratio
     "" means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority.
Change in Law
     "" means any entity (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank
CLO
 
loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and is administered or managed by a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender.
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.
Commitment
     "" means an increase in the Commitments as set forth in Section 2.05.
Commitment Increase
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Commitment Increase Notice
     "" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c).
Commitment Increase Supplement
     "" means the period from and including the Effective Date to the Termination Date.
Commitment Period
     "" refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated
     "" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "" and "" have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
Controlling
Controlled
     "" of any Person means Debt of such Person and its Subsidiaries on such date, as would be shown as debt or indebtedness of such Person on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and all guarantees of Debt of other Persons as would be shown as debt or indebtedness of such Person on a balance sheet of such other Persons prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, determined on a Consolidated basis.
Covenant Debt
     "", "", and "" each refers to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.08, 2.09 or 2.12.
Convert
Conversion
Converted
     "" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business for which collection proceedings have not been commenced, that trade payables for which collection proceedings have commenced shall not be included in the term "Debt" so long as the payment of such trade payables is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and for which appropriate reserves are being maintained) to the extent included on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other similar title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement
Debt
provided
 
in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property) to the extent included on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (f) all obligations of such Person in respect of acceptances, letters of credit with respect to which to such Person is the account party or similar extensions of credit to such Person, (g) the aggregate net obligations of such Person in respect of Hedge Agreements; that, for purposes of this clause (g), Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall only include net obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Hedge Agreements in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000 as set forth on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as of the date of determination, in accordance with GAAP, (h) all Debt of others referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above or clause (i) below guaranteed, by such Person, or in effect guaranteed by such Person, directly or indirectly, through a written agreement either (1) to pay or purchase such Debt or to Advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such Debt or (2) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor) property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of such Debt or to assure the holder of such Debt against loss and (i) all Debt referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Debt. In determining the amount of Debt of any Person of the type referred to in clause (g) or (i) above, the amount thereof shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the amount of the guarantee provided or the fair market value of collateral pledged (as applicable) and (ii) the amount of the underlying Debt of such other Person so guaranteed or secured.
provided
     "" means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.
Default
     "" means, at any date, (a) with respect to any Advance, Borrowing or L/C Obligation denominated in Dollars, the principal amount thereof (or L/C Obligation Amount, as applicable) then outstanding and (b) with respect to any Alternate Currency Advance, Borrowing or any L/C Obligation in an Alternate Currency, the principal amount thereof then outstanding in the relevant Alternate Currency, converted to Dollars at the Exchange Rate on such date.
Dollar Amount
     "" and the sign "" means the lawful money of the United States of America.
Dollars
$
     "" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule IA hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.
Domestic Lending Office
 
     "" means the date that all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 shall have been satisfied or waived.
Effective Date
     "" means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, (d) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; (e) a savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; (f) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country that is a member of the OECD or has concluded special lending arrangements with the International Monetary Fund associated with its General Arrangements to Borrow or a political subdivision of any such country, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000, so long as such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States; (g) a finance company, insurance company or other financial institution or fund (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity) that is engaged in making, purchasing or otherwise holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000 or an Approved Fund thereof and (h) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Agent, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and such approval to be deemed to have been given if a response is not received within fifteen Business Days from the date on which request for approval was received by the applicable Person); that notwithstanding the foregoing, "Eligible Assignee" shall not include the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries.
Eligible Assignee
provided
     "" means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any Governmental Authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any Governmental Authority or any third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
Environmental Action
     "" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Law
     "" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
 
     "" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
ERISA
     "" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the Borrower's controlled group, or under common control with the Borrower, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code.
ERISA Affiliate
     "" means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC; (b) the application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the imposition of a lien under Section 302(f) of ERISA with respect to any Plan; (g) the adoption of an amendment to a Plan requiring the provision of security to such Plan pursuant to Section 307 of ERISA; or (h) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that is reasonably expected to result in the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan.
ERISA Event
     "" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Eurocurrency Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule IA hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.
Eurocurrency Lending Office
     "" has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Eurocurrency Liabilities
     "" means the rate per annum determined by the Agent at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest Period (as specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing) by reference to the British Bankers' Association Interest Settlement Rates for deposits in Dollars or in the relevant Alternate Currency, as the case may be (as set forth by any service selected by the Agent which has been nominated by the British Bankers' Association as an authorized information vendor for the purpose of displaying such rates), for a period equal to such Interest Period; that, to the extent that an interest rate is not ascertainable pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this definition, the
Eurocurrency Rate
provided
 
"Eurocurrency Rate" shall be the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent to be the average of the rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars or in the relevant Alternate Currency, as the case may be, are offered for such relevant Interest Period to major banks in the London interbank market in London, England by the Reference Lenders at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period. If any of the Reference Lenders shall be unable or shall otherwise fail to supply such rates to the Agent upon its request, the rate of interest shall be determined on the basis of the quotations of the remaining Reference Lender.
     "" means an Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(ii).
Eurocurrency Rate Advance
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 7.01.
Event of Default
     "" means, on any day with respect to any two currencies, the rate at which the first such currency may be exchanged into the other such currency, as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day on the applicable Reuters World Spot Page. In the event that any such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Spot Page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates reasonably selected by the Agent or, at the discretion of the Agent, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the spot rate of Wachovia in a market reasonably selected by Agent where Wachovia customarily conducts foreign currency exchange operations at or about 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day for exchange of such first currency for such other currency.
Exchange Rate
     "" means, with respect to the Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its Applicable Lending Office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.15(b)), any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender's failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 2.14(e), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.14(a).
Excluded Taxes
     "" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System
Federal Funds Effective Rate
 
arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent.
     "" means that fee letter dated February 15, 2006 among the Borrower, Wachovia, Bank of America, Wachovia Securities LLC and Banc of America Securities LLC.
Fee Letter
     "" means (a) the third Business Day following the last day of each March, June, September and December and (B) the last day of the Commitment Period.
Fee Payment Date
     "" means Fitch Ratings Ltd.
Fitch
     "" means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.
Foreign Lender
     "" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.
Fund
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.
GAAP
     "" means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
Governmental Authority
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(g).
Granting Lender
     "" means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any environmental law, statute or regulation.
Hazardous Materials
     "" means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other similar interest rate or currency exchange rate hedging agreements.
Hedge Agreements
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 3.04.
Honor Date
 
     "" means any Subsidiary of the Borrower (determined, solely for purposes of this definition, without regard to the last sentence of the definition thereof), designated by the Borrower in writing to the Agent (a) the assets of which do not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (b) the net income of which does not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (c) the revenues of which do not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case as determined as of, or (as applicable) for the four fiscal quarters most recently ended on, the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower and in accordance with GAAP.
Immaterial Subsidiary
     "" means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.
Indemnified Taxes
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(b).
Indemnitee
     "" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Initial Lenders
     "" means all trademarks, service marks, trade names, Internet domain names (as defined under 15 U.S.C.  1127), designs, logos, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature, together with all goodwill, registrations and applications related to the foregoing; all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice); patents and industrial designs (including any continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part, renewals, reissues, and applications for any of the foregoing); copyrights (including any registrations and applications for any of the foregoing); Software; "mask works" (as defined under 17 U.S.C.  901) and any registrations and applications for "mask works"; technology, trade secrets, know-how, processes, formulae, algorithms, models, methodologies, discoveries, improvements, specifications and other proprietary or confidential information; database and data rights; drawings, records, books or other indicia, however evidenced, of the foregoing; rights of publicity and privacy relating to the use of the names, likenesses, voices, signatures and biographical information of real persons; lists or other information relating to customers, competitors, suppliers or any other Person; in each case the right to claims against another Person relating to the Intellectual Property; and in each case owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on or after the Effective Date.
Intellectual Property
     "" means, for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurocurrency Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into such Eurocurrency Rate Advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, two, three or six months, as the Borrower may, upon notice received by the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; , , that:
Interest Period
provided
however
 
     (a) the Borrower may not select any Interest Period that ends after the Termination Date;
     (b) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Eurocurrency Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration;
     (c) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, , that, if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and
provided
however
     (d) whenever the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.
     "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
Internal Revenue Code
     "" means Wachovia or any affiliate thereof, in its capacity as issuer of any Letter of Credit, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder selected in consultation with the Agent and so identified by notice to the Lenders.
Issuing Lender
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 9.14.
Judgment Currency
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 3.04.
L/C Borrowing
     "" means $500,000,000.
L/C Commitment
     "" means at any time, an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate then maximum undrawn and unexpired amount of the then outstanding Letters of Credit and (b) the aggregate amount of drawings under Letters of Credit that have not then been reimbursed pursuant to Section 3.04.
L/C Obligations
     "" means the collective reference to all the Lenders other than the Issuing Lender.
L/C Participants
     "" means the Initial Lenders as set forth on Schedule 2.01 and each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 9.07.
Lenders
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.
Letters of Credit
     "" means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind.
Lien
 
     "" means, with respect to any period, the percentage rate per annum determined in accordance with Schedule 1.01.
Mandatory Cost
     "" shall mean the result of one or more events, changes or effects which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (a) the results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the rights, remedies and benefits available to the parties hereunder.
Material Adverse Effect
     "" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's
     "" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
     "" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
Multiple Employer Plan
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 9.01.
Non-Consenting Lender
     "" means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to the order of any Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under Section 2.19 in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Advances made by such Lender.
Note
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).
Notice of Borrowing
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).
Offered Increase Amount
     "" means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement.
Other Taxes
     "" has the meaning specified Section 9.07(d).
Participant
     "" means each state so described in any EMU Legislation.
Participating Member State
     "" means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001.
Patriot Act
 
     "" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
PBGC
     "" means, with respect to any Person, (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies to the extent not required to be paid under Section 6.01(b) hereof; (b) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers' compensation, unemployment, insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation; (c) pledges or deposits to secure performance in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money) or leases to which such Person is a party; (d) deposits to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person; (e) materialmen's, mechanics', carriers', workers', repairmen's and other like Liens in the ordinary course of business, or deposits to obtain the release of such Liens to the extent such Liens, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect; (f) deposits to secure surety and appeal bonds to which such Person is a party; (g) other pledges or deposits for similar purposes in the ordinary course of business, including pledges and deposits to secure indemnity, performance or other similar bonds and in connection with insurance; (h) Liens created by or resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding which at the time is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (i) leases made, or existing on property acquired, in the ordinary course of business; (j) landlords' Liens under leases to which such Person is a party; (k) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, and restrictions on the use of real property or minor irregularities in title thereto, which, with respect to property that is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of such Person or the value of such property for the purpose of such business; (l) Liens consisting of leases or subleases and licenses or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and any interest or title of a lessor or licensor under any lease or license, as applicable; (m) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; and (n) Liens which constitute a lender's rights of set-off of a customary nature.
Permitted Liens
     "" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental authority or other entity.
Person
     "" means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.
Plan
     "" means the rate of interest per annum announced or established from time to time by Wachovia as its prime rate for dollars loaned in the United States in effect at its principal office in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer. Wachovia or any other Lender may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Prime Rate.
Prime Rate
     "" means, as of any date, the lowest rating that has been most recently announced by any of S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be, for any
Public Debt Rating
 
class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Borrower. For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if any rating established by S&P, Moody's or Fitch shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (b) if S&P, Moody's or Fitch shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be.
     "" means initially, Wachovia and Bank of America or, if Wachovia and Bank of America are unable to furnish timely information in accordance with Section 2.08, any other commercial bank of recognized national standing designated by the Agent as constituting a "Reference Lender" hereunder.
Reference Lenders
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(c).
Register
     "" means the obligation of the Borrower to reimburse the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.04 for amounts drawn under Letters of Credit.
Reimbursement Obligations
     "" means, with respect to any Person, such Person's Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person's Affiliates.
Related Parties
     "" means at any time Lenders owed at least a majority in interest of the then aggregate unpaid principal Dollar Amount of the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure or, if no principal amount is then outstanding, Lenders having at least a majority in interest of the Commitments.
Required Lenders
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(d).
Requisite Amount
     "" means the second Business Day following each Calculation Date; that, in connection with any Calculation Date designated pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof, the applicable Reset Date shall be such Calculation Date.
Reset Date
provided
     "" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding aggregate principal Dollar Amount of such Lender's Advances and L/C Obligations at such time.
Revolving Credit Exposure
     "" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
S&P
     "" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SEC
     "" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could
Single Employer Plan
 
have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
     "" means any and all (a) computer programs, including any and all software implementation of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether in source code or object code form, (b) databases and compilations, including any and all data and collections of data, and (c) all documentation, including user manuals and training materials, relating to any of the foregoing.
Software
     "" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(g).
SPC
     "" means, at any date, stockholders' equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis, on such date.
Stockholders' Equity
     "" of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such limited liability company, partnership or joint venture or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate, is at the time directly or indirectly owned or Controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, references to "Subsidiary" in this Agreement shall not include (i) Miracle Linux Kabushikigaisha (also known as Miracle Linux Corporation), a Japanese Kabushikigaisha or (ii) any other Person that would otherwise be a Subsidiary of the Borrower pursuant to the foregoing portion of this definition and that the Borrower does not directly or indirectly Control; that, in the case of any such Person in clause (i) or (ii), such Person is also an Immaterial Subsidiary.
Subsidiary
provided
     "" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Syndication Agent
     "" means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
Taxes
     "" means, subject to the provisions of Section 2.04, the earlier of March 14, 2011 and the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04 or 7.01.
Termination Date
     "" of any Person on any date, means the sum of (i) Total Consolidated Net Debt of such Person on such date and (ii) shareholders' equity of such Person on such date, determined on a Consolidated basis.
Total Capitalization
 
     "" of any Person on any date, means (a) all Covenant Debt of such Person (b) cash, cash equivalents and short term investments reflected on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such date.
Total Consolidated Net Debt
minus
     "" means at any date total assets, other than intangible assets, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a Consolidated basis as of such date.
Total Consolidated Tangible Assets
     "" has the meaning given to it in Section 3.04.
Unreimbursed Amount
     "" means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
Voting Stock
     "" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Wachovia
     Section 1.02. . In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding".
Computation of Time Periods
     Section 1.03. . All terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (""), as in effect in the United States from time to time, that, if the Borrower notifies the Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change, occurring after the date hereof, in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment of any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be applied on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall". Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein",
Accounting Terms; Terms Generally
GAAP
provided
 
"hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words "asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
     Section 2.01. . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Advances to the Borrower in Dollars or an Alternate Currency from time to time on any Business Day during the Commitment Period in an aggregate amount that, when added to such Lender's L/C Obligations then outstanding, will not result in such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding at any time the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 2.01 hereto or, if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and Acceptance or is an Additional Lender, as set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(c), as such amount may be reduced or increased pursuant to Section 2.04 or 2.05 (such Lender's ""); that, with respect to Borrowings made in an Alternate Currency, (i) all such Borrowings shall consist of Eurocurrency Rate Advances and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of any such Borrowings will not result immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing in the Alternate Currency Exposure exceeding the Alternate Currency Sublimit. Each Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or comparable amounts determined by the Agent in the case of a Borrowing in an Alternate Currency) in excess thereof and shall consist of Advances of the same Type made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of this Section 2.01, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.
The Advances
Commitment
provided
     Section 2.02. . (a) The Borrower may borrow under the Commitments during the Commitment Period on any Business Day, that each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing in Dollars consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the fourth Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing in an Alternate Currency consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances or the Business Day of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the Borrower to the Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a "") shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing or by telecopier in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) currency of such
Making the Advances
provided
Notice of Borrowing
 
Borrowing, (iii) Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing, (iv) aggregate amount of such Borrowing (v) remittance instructions and (vi) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each Lender shall, before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent's Account, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable portion of such Borrowing. After the Agent's receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, the Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at the Agent's address referred to in Section 9.02.
          (b) With respect to each Borrowing in Alternate Currencies, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time), on the second Business Day preceding the proposed Borrowing, the Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such date and give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rate so determined shall become effective on the date of the proposed Borrowing for the purposes of determining the availability of the Commitments under the Alternate Currency Sublimit (it being understood that such availability shall be calculated and determined by applying such Exchange Rate to the aggregate principal amount of Advances and L/C Obligations which are outstanding on such borrowing date).
          (c) With respect to each Borrowing in Dollars at a time when Alternate Currency Advances are outstanding, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time), on the second Business Day preceding the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, or the Business Day preceding the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, the Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such date and give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rate so determined shall become effective on the date of the proposed Borrowing for the purposes of determining the availability under the Commitments (it being understood that such availability shall be calculated and determined by applying such Exchange Rate to the aggregate principal amount of Advances and L/C Obligations which are outstanding on such Borrowing Date).
          (d) Not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on each Calculation Date (so long as any Alternate Currency Advances or Letter of Credit drawings in Alternate Currencies are outstanding), the Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date and give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rate so determined shall become effective on the next succeeding Reset Date. If, on any Reset Date, the Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds an amount equal to 105% of the Commitments or the Dollar Amount of the Alternate Currency Advances exceeds and amount equal to 125% of the Alternate Currency Sublimit, then the Borrower shall, within three Business Days after notice thereof from the Agent, prepay Advances in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto, the Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the Commitments and the Dollar Amount of the Alternate Currency Advances do not exceed the Alternate Currency Sublimit (such calculation to be made using the Exchange Rate that is effective on such Reset Date); that any such prepayment shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the
provided
 
amount prepaid (except in the case of Base Rate Advances) but shall be without premium or penalty of any kind (other than any payments required under sub-section 2.02(g)).
          (e) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Borrower may not select Eurocurrency Rate Advances in a particular currency for any Borrowing if the aggregate obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances in such currency shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.08 or 2.12 and (ii) Eurocurrency Rate Advances may not be outstanding at any time as part of more than ten separate Borrowings.
          (f) Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.
          (g) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed time of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender's share of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Agent, then such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Advances. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays such amount to the Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender's Advance included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Agent.
          (h) The failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.
 
     Section 2.03. . (a) . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee on the amount of such Lender's Commitment in effect from time to time, whether used or unused (or, if any Advances remain outstanding after the Termination Date, on the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's Advances thereafter), to accrue from the Effective Date, in the case of each Initial Lender, and from the later of the Effective Date and the effective date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, in the case of each other Lender, in each case, until the Termination Date (or, if later, the date that all Advances have been paid in full), at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Facility Fee in effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December before the Termination Date (or such later date, if any, of payment), commencing with June 2006, and on the Termination Date or, if later, the date that all Advances have been paid in full.
Fees
Facility Fee
          (b) . The Borrower agrees to pay the Agent for the account of each Lender a utilization fee on the aggregate amount of such Lender's Advances and/or L/C Obligations for any day on or after the Effective Date on which the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances and L/C Obligations shall be greater than 50% of the aggregate Commitments at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Utilization Fee in effect from time to time. The utilization fees, if any, in respect of any fiscal quarter shall be payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December before the Termination Date, commencing with June 2006, and on the Termination Date.
Utilization Fee
          (c) . The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed in writing between the Borrower and the Agent.
Agent's Fees
     Section 2.04. . The Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of the respective Commitments of the Lenders, that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures then outstanding and that once terminated, a Commitment may not be reinstated.
Termination or Reduction of the Commitments
provided
provided
further
provided
further
     Section 2.05. . (a) The Borrower shall have the right, at any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, to increase the Commitments and the Alternate Currency Sublimit by a proportionate amount pursuant to this Section 2.05 subject to the restrictions of subsection 2.05(d) below (any such increase (including the proportionate increase in the Alternate Currency Sublimit), a ""); that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date of the Commitment Increase or shall result from the proposed Commitment Increase and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the
Commitment Increases
Commitment Increase
provided
 
Commitment Increase as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation and warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). In the event that the Borrower wishes to increase the aggregate Commitments at any time, the Borrower shall notify the Agent in writing of the amount (the "") of such proposed increase (such notice, a ""); , that the aggregate amount of any such initial increase in the Commitment shall be at least $500,000,000, and, any subsequent increases in the Commitments shall be in increments of at least $100,000,000 thereafter. The Borrower shall (x) , offer the existing Lenders the opportunity to participate in such increase of their Commitments among such existing Lenders to provide the Offered Increase Amount pursuant to subsection 2.05(c), and each Lender shall, within 5 days after receipt of such notice (or such other period as may be specified by the Agent and the Borrower), notify the Agent whether it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its pro rata amount of such requested increase (and any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment) and (y) , to the extent that Commitment increases are not agreed to by existing Lenders under clause (x) (as accepted and allocated by the Agent and the Borrower as they shall agree), offer one or more additional banks, financial institutions or other entities (approved by the Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) the opportunity to participate in all or a portion of the Offered Increase Amount pursuant to subsection 2.05(b). Each Commitment Increase Notice shall specify which Lenders and/or banks, financial institutions or other entities the Borrower desires to participate in such Commitment Increase. The Borrower or, if requested by the Borrower, the Agent, will notify such Lenders and/or banks, financial institutions or other entities of such offer.
Offered Increase Amount
Commitment Increase Notice
provided
first
second
          (b) Any additional bank, financial institution or other entity which the Borrower selects to offer participation in a Commitment Increase and which agrees to provide a commitment in an amount so offered and accepted by it pursuant to subsection 2.05(a)(y) shall execute an Additional Lender Supplement (in substantially the form specified by the Agent, each an "") with the Borrower and the Agent, whereupon such bank, financial institution or other entity (herein called an ") shall become a Lender for all purposes and to the same extent as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, and shall be deemed to be amended to add the name and Commitment of such Additional Lender, that the Commitment of any such Additional Lender shall be in an amount not less than $50,000,000 or such smaller amount as the Borrower and Agent may otherwise agree.
Additional Lender Supplement
Additional Lender"
Schedule 2.01
provided
          (c) Any existing Lender which accepts an offer to increase its Commitment pursuant to subsection 2.05(a)(x) or (y) shall, in each case, execute a Commitment Increase Supplement (in substantially the form specified by the Agent, each a "") with the Borrower and the Agent whereupon such Lender shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full amount of its Commitment as so increased, and shall be deemed to be amended to so increase the Commitment of such Lender.
Commitment Increase Supplement
Schedule 2.01
 
          (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.05, (i) in no event shall any Commitment Increase or transaction effected pursuant to this Section 2.05 cause the aggregate Commitments hereunder to exceed $5,000,000,000 and (ii) no existing Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Commitment unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion.
          (e) Upon the effectiveness of a Commitment Increase, at the end of the then current Interest Period for each group of Advances as may then be outstanding, the Agent shall allocate among the Lenders (in such multiples as the Agent may deem appropriate) such amount of Advances and as may be then outstanding as are necessary so that, after giving effect to such allocations and any Borrowings on such date of all or any portion of the relevant increase of the Commitment, the principal balance of all outstanding Advances owing to a Lender is equivalent to each such Lender's Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to any nonratable increase in the Commitment resulting from the exercise of an increase pursuant to this Section 2.05) of the then Revolving Credit Exposure.
If the Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section 2.05, the Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date and final allocation of such increase and shall notify the Lenders thereof. No further amendment or other document (other than the Commitment Increase Supplements referred to above) shall be required for such increase to be effective.
     Section 2.06. . The Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding.
Repayment of Advances
     Section 2.07. . (a) . The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each Lender from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:
Interest
Scheduled Interest
          (i) . During such periods as such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December during such periods, commencing with June 2006, for the period beginning on the Effective Date and then ended.
Base Rate Advances
          (ii) . During such periods as such Advance is a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (x) the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period for such Advance (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each Business Day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the
Eurocurrency Rate Advances
plus
 
first day of such Interest Period and on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full (z) (in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance of any Lender which is lent from a Lending Office in the United Kingdom or a Participating Member State) the Mandatory Cost (if any).
plus
          (b) . The Agent may with the consent, or shall at the direction, of the Required Lenders require that the Borrower pay interest ("") on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each overdue Advance owing to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to in clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance, pursuant to clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on Base Rate Advances pursuant to clause (a)(i) above, , , that following acceleration of the Advances pursuant to Section 7.01, Default Interest shall accrue and be payable hereunder whether or not previously required by the Agent.
Default Interest
Default Interest
provided
however
     Section 2.08. . (a) Each Reference Lender agrees, if requested by the Agent, to furnish to the Agent timely information for the purpose of determining the Eurocurrency Rate. If any of the Reference Lenders shall not furnish such timely information to the Agent for the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information furnished by the remaining Reference Lenders. The Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the Lenders of the (i) applicable interest rate determined by the Agent for purposes of Section 2.07(a)(i) or (ii), and the rate, if any, furnished by each Reference Lender for the purpose of determining the interest rate under Section 2.07(a)(ii).
Interest Rate Determination
          (b) If, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Agent that the Eurocurrency Rate in any currency or currencies for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Required Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurocurrency Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Dollars (if an affected currency) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurocurrency Rate Advances in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
          (c) If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.01, the Agent will forthwith so notify
 
the Borrower and the Lenders and such Advances (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, continue for a new Interest Period with the same duration as the Interest Period then ending, subject to the definition of "Interest Period".
          (d) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Eurocurrency Rate Advances in Dollars comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than $10,000,000 such Advances shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.
          (e) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Dollars (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended.
          (f) If fewer than two Reference Lenders determine and furnish timely information to the Agent for determining the Eurocurrency Rate for any Eurocurrency Rate Advances of any currency after the Agent has requested such information:
          (i) the Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such Eurocurrency Rate Advances of such currency or currencies,
          (ii) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances in Dollars (if Dollars is one of the affected currencies), each such Advance (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance (or if such Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will continue as a Base Rate Advance), and
          (iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances in such affected currency or currencies or to Convert Advances into Eurocurrency Rate Advances in such affected currency or currencies shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
               Section 2.09. . The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Convert all or a portion of all (comprising, in the case of any portion, a ratable portion of the respective Advances of each Lender and in an aggregate amount not less than $10,000,000) Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing made to the Borrower into Advances of the other Type; , , any Conversion of Eurocurrency Rate Advances into Base
Optional Conversion of Advances
provided
however
 
Rate Advances shall be made only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Advances and any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than $10,000,000. Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the Advances (or portions thereof) to be Converted and (iii) if such Conversion is into Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.
     Section 2.10. . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed prepayment date for Base Rate Advances, and upon at least three Business Days' notice for Eurocurrency Rate Advances, in each case stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay in whole or ratably in part the outstanding principal amount of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing made to the Borrower together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid; , , that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or comparable amounts determined by the Agent in the case of Alternate Currency) in excess thereof, (y) no partial prepayment of any Borrowing of Alternate Currency Advances shall be made if, after giving effect thereto, the Dollar Amount thereof would be less than $10,000,000 and (z) in the event of any such prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.17.
Optional Prepayments of Advances
provided
however
     Section 2.11. . (a) If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except (A) any reserve requirement referred to in clause (e) of this Section 2.11 and (B) the requirements of the Bank of England and the Financial Services Authority or the European Central Bank reflected in the Mandatory Cost, other than as set forth below); (ii) subject any Lender to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit, Application or any Eurodollar Advance made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 2.14 and changes in the rate of any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender); (iii) cause the Mandatory Cost, as calculated in accordance with Schedule 1.01, to not represent the cost to any Lender of complying with the requirements of (A) the Bank of England and/or the Financial Services Authority or (B) the European Central Bank in relation to its making, funding or maintaining Loans; or (iv) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Advances made by such Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Advance (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance), issuing or participating in Letters of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then upon request of such Lender the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional
Increased Costs; Additional Reserve Requirements
 
amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
          (b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the Applicable Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender's holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Advances made by such Lender or its obligations hereunder or under or in respect of any Letter of Credit, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's policies and the policies of such Lender's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender's holding company for any such reduction suffered.
          (c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.11 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof.
          (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's right to demand such compensation, that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.11 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).
provided
          (e) The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, so long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves (including, without limitation, reserves in respect of Eurocurrency Liabilities) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances made in Dollars, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of any such Eurocurrency Rate Advance equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Advance by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance, the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days' prior notice (with a copy to the Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant interest payment date, such additional interest costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice.
provided
     Section 2.12. . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or
Illegality
 
other governmental authority having relevant jurisdiction asserts that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances of any currency or to fund or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Advances hereunder of any currency, (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance will Convert into a Base Rate Advance either (x) on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Rate Advance if such Lender may lawfully maintain and fund such Eurocurrency Rate Advance to such date, or (y) immediately and automatically if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully maintain and fund such Eurocurrency Rate Advance to such date; and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances or to Convert Advances into Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
     Section 2.13. . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under the Notes not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day when due in U.S. dollars (or, in the case of currency Advances in an Alternate Currency, such Alternate Currency) to the Agent at the Agent's Account (or, in the case of Reimbursement Obligations to the Issuing Lender at the Issuing Lender's account in same day funds, without set-off, counterclaim or deduction, in each case as expressly provided herein. The Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or facility fees or utilization fees ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11, 2.14 or 2.17) to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Payments and Computations
          (b) All computations of interest based on the Base Rate (except when calculated by reference to the Federal Funds Effective Rate) shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and all computations of interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate and of facility fees and utilization fees shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days (other than calculations in connection with Pounds Sterling which shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 365/366 days, as the case may be), in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, facility fees or utilization fees are payable. Each determination by the Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent error in the calculation of such interest rate.
          (c) Except as otherwise set forth herein, whenever any payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest, facility fee or utilization fee, as the case may be; , , that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurocurrency Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.
provided
however
 
          (d) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
     Section 2.14. . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, that if the Borrower shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including any Other Taxes) from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.14) the Agent or Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
Taxes
provided
          (b) Without limiting the provisions of paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
          (c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent and each Lender within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.14) paid by the Agent or such Lender, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Agent), or by the Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
          (d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.
          (e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is
 
resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States of America, any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: (i) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States of America is a party, (ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, (iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a "bank" within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a "10 percent shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a "controlled foreign corporation" described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, or (iv) any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made.
          (f) If the Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.14, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.14 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), that the Borrower, upon the request of the Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Agent or such Lender in the event the Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This paragraph shall not be construed to require the Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person.
provided
 
     Section 2.15. . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.11, or requires the Borrower to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Advances hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11 or 2.14, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
          (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.11, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, or if any Lender defaults in its obligation to fund Advances hereunder, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 9.07), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Notes to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), that (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 9.07, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder (including any amounts under Section 2.17) from such Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.11 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.14, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter, and (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
provided
     Section 2.16. . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Advances or other obligations of the Borrower hereunder resulting in such Lender's receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Advances and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Advances and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, to the end that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Advances and other amounts
Sharing of Payments, Etc
pro rata
 
owing them, that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Advances to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
provided
     Section 2.17. . If any payment of principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurocurrency Rate Advance is made by the Borrower to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment, prepayment or Conversion pursuant to this Agreement or acceleration of the maturity of the Advances pursuant to Section 7.01 (other than pursuant to Section 2.02(d)), Borrower shall, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses that it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment or Conversion, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance.
Compensation for Breakage Costs
     Section 2.18. . The proceeds of the Advances and the Letters of Credit shall be available (and the Borrower agrees that it shall use such proceeds) in order to "back-stop" commercial paper, for working capital purposes and for other general corporate purposes, that such proceeds shall not be used in any manner that would result in violation of Regulation U or X, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.
Use of Proceeds
provided
     Section 2.19. . (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance owing to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder in respect of Advances. The Borrower agrees that upon notice by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the Agent) to the effect that a Note is required or appropriate in order for such Lender to evidence (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Advances owing to, or to be made by, such Lender, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount up to the Commitment of such Lender.
Evidence of Debt
 
          (b) The Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(c) shall include a control account, and a subsidiary account for each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder, the Type and currency of Advances comprising such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by the Agent, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the Agent from the Borrower hereunder and each Lender's share thereof.
          (c) Entries made in good faith by the Agent in the Register pursuant to subsection (b) above, and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) above, shall be evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent manifest error; , , that the failure of the Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
prima
facie
provided
however
     Section 3.01. . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the Issuing Lender, in reliance on the agreements of the other Lenders set forth in Section 3.04(b), agrees to issue standby letters of credit under the Commitments and the Alternate Currency Sublimit ("") for the account of the Borrower on any Business Day during the Commitment Period in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Issuing Lender; that the Issuing Lender shall have no obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if, after giving effect to such issuance, (i) the Dollar Amount of all L/C Obligations would exceed the L/C Commitment or (ii) the aggregate amount of the Commitments would be less than zero. Each Letter of Credit shall (i) be denominated in Dollars or the relevant Alternate Currency, (ii) be a standby letter of credit issued to support obligations of the Borrower, which are of a type for which Borrowings under the Commitments and/or the Alternate Currency Sublimit would be available and (iii) expire no later than the earlier of (x) the first anniversary of its date of issuance and (y) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Termination Date, that any Letter of Credit with a one-year term may provide for the renewal thereof for additional one-year periods (which shall in no event extend beyond the date referred to in clause (y) above).
L/C Commitment
Letters of Credit
provided
provided
          (b) The Issuing Lender shall not at any time be obligated to issue any Letter of Credit if such issuance would conflict with, or cause the Issuing Lender or any L/C Participant to exceed any limits imposed by, any applicable law.
 
     Section 3.02. . The Borrower may from time to time request that the Issuing Lender issue a Letter of Credit by delivering to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices specified herein an Application therefor, completed to the satisfaction of the Issuing Lender, and such other certificates, documents and other papers and information as the Issuing Lender may reasonably request. Upon receipt of any Application, the Issuing Lender will process such Application and the certificates, documents and other papers and information delivered to it in connection therewith in accordance with its customary procedures and shall promptly issue the Letter of Credit requested thereby (but in no event shall the Issuing Lender be required to issue any Letter of Credit earlier than five Business Days after its receipt of the Application therefor and all such other certificates, documents and other papers and information relating thereto) by issuing the original of such Letter of Credit to the beneficiary thereof or as otherwise may be agreed to by the Issuing Lender and the Borrower. The Issuing Lender shall furnish a copy of such Letter of Credit to the Borrower promptly following the issuance thereof. The Issuing Lender shall promptly furnish to the Agent, which shall in turn promptly furnish to the Lenders, notice of the issuance of each Letter of Credit (including the amount thereof).
Procedure for Issuance of Letter of Credit
     Section 3.03. . (a) The Borrower will pay a fee on all outstanding Letters of Credit at a per annum rate equal to the Applicable Margin then in effect with respect to Eurocurrency Advances during the Commitment Period, shared ratably among the Lenders and payable quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date after the issuance date. In addition, the Borrower shall pay to the Issuing Lender for its own account a fronting fee of 0.08% per annum on the undrawn and unexpired amount of each Letter of Credit, payable quarterly in arrears on each Fee Payment Date after the issuance date, as agreed to in the Fee Letter among the Borrower and the Issuing Bank.
Fees and Other Charges
          (b) In addition to the foregoing fees, the Borrower shall pay or reimburse the Issuing Lender for such normal and customary costs and expenses as are incurred or charged by the Issuing Lender in issuing, negotiating, effecting payment under, amending or otherwise administering any Letter of Credit.
     Section 3.04. . (a) If any draft is paid under any Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse the Issuing Lender for the amount of (a) the draft so paid and (b) any taxes, fees, charges or other costs or expenses incurred by the Issuing Lender in connection with such payment, not later than 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such draft, if such notice is received on such day prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time, or (ii) if clause (i) above does not apply, the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice. Each such payment shall be made to the Issuing Lender at its address for notices referred to herein in Dollars or the relevant Alternate Currency and in immediately available funds. Interest shall be payable on any such amounts from the date on which the relevant draft is paid until payment in full at the rate set forth in (x) until the Business Day next succeeding the date of the relevant notice, Section 2.07(a)(ii) and (y) thereafter, Section 2.07(b).
Reimbursement Obligation of the Borrower; L/C Borrowings
 
          (b) (i) If the Borrower fails to so reimburse the Issuing Lender by such time, the Agent shall promptly notify each L/C Participant of the date of such drawing (the ""), the amount of the unreimbursed drawing (expressed in Dollars or the Dollar Amount thereof in the case of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternate Currency) (the ""), and the amount of such L/C Participant's percentage (in accordance with its Applicable Percentage) thereof. In such event, the Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of Base Rate Advances (an ""), to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.01 for the principal amount of Base Rate Advances, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the aggregate Commitments and the conditions set forth in 2.01 and Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Notice of Borrowing, and that, in any event, the Borrower's failure to reimburse the Unreimbursed Amount shall itself not be deemed to be a Default or Event of Default). Any notice given by the Issuing Lender or the Agent pursuant to this Section may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.
Honor Date
Unreimbursed Amount
pro rata
L/C Borrowing
provided
provided
          (ii) Each L/C Participant shall upon any notice pursuant to subsection (b)(i) above make funds available to the Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender, in Dollars, at the Agent's Office for Dollar-denominated payments in an amount equal to its share of the Unreimbursed Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such notice by the Agent, whereupon, each L/C Participant that so makes funds available shall be deemed to have made a Base Rate Advance to the Borrower in such amount. The Agent shall remit the funds so received to the Issuing Lender in Dollars.
pro rata
          (iii) With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully refinanced by a Borrowing of Base Rate Advances because the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the Issuing Lender an L/C Borrowing in the amount of the Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest at the rate set out in Section 2.07(b). In such event, each L/C Participant's payment to the Agent for the account of the Issuing Lender pursuant to Section 3.04(b)(ii) shall be deemed payment in respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an Advance from such L/C Participant in satisfaction of its participation obligation under this Section 3.04.
          (iv) Until each L/C Participant funds its advance pursuant to this Section 3.04(b) to reimburse the Issuing Lender for any amount drawn under any Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such L/C Participant's percentage (in accordance with its Applicable Percentage) of such amount shall be solely for the account of the Issuing Lender.
pro rata
 
     Section 3.05. . (a) The Issuing Lender irrevocably agrees to grant and hereby grants to each L/C Participant, and, to induce the Issuing Lender to issue Letters of Credit, each L/C Participant irrevocably agrees to accept and purchase and hereby accepts and purchases from the Issuing Lender, on the terms and conditions set forth below, for such L/C Participant's own account and risk an undivided interest equal to such L/C Participant's Applicable Percentage (or proportionate percentage under the Alternate Currency Sublimit in the case of Letter of Credit drawings in an Alternate Currency) in the Issuing Lender's obligations and rights under and in respect of each Letter of Credit and the amount of each draft paid by the Issuing Lender thereunder. Each L/C Participant agrees with the Issuing Lender that, if a draft is paid under any Letter of Credit and becomes an L/C Borrowing in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, such L/C Participant shall pay to the Issuing Lender upon demand at the Issuing Lender's address for notices specified herein an amount equal to such L/C Participant's Applicable Percentage (or proportionate percentage under the Alternate Currency Sublimit in the case of Letter of Credit drawings in an Alternate Currency) of such L/C Borrowing. Each L/C Participant's obligation to make such Advances as part of an L/C Borrowing shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (i) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such L/C Participant may have against the Issuing Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the occurrence or continuance of a Default or an Event of Default or the failure to satisfy any of the other conditions specified in Article VI, (iii) any adverse change in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other loan document by the Borrower or any other L/C Participant or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing.
L/C Participations
     Section 3.06. . The Borrower's obligations under this Article III shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all circumstances and irrespective of any setoff, counterclaim or defense to payment that the Borrower may have or have had against the Issuing Lender, any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit or any other Person. The Borrower also agrees with the Issuing Lender that the Issuing Lender shall not be responsible for, and the Borrower's Reimbursement Obligations under Section 3.04 shall not be affected by, among other things, the validity or genuineness of documents or of any endorsements thereon, even though such documents shall in fact prove to be invalid, fraudulent or forged, or any dispute between or among the Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred or any claims whatsoever of the Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any such transferee. The Issuing Lender shall not be liable for any error, omission, interruption or delay in transmission, dispatch or delivery of any message or advice, however transmitted, in connection with any Letter of Credit, except for errors or omissions that have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Issuing Lender. The Borrower agrees that any action taken or omitted by the Issuing Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit or the related drafts or documents, if done in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct, shall be binding on the Borrower and shall not result in any liability of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower.
Obligations Absolute
 
     Section 3.07. . If any draft shall be presented for payment under any Letter of Credit, the Issuing Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower of the date and amount thereof. The responsibility of the Issuing Lender to the Borrower in connection with any draft presented for payment under any Letter of Credit shall, in addition to any payment obligation expressly provided for in such Letter of Credit, be limited to determining that the documents (including each draft) delivered under such Letter of Credit in connection with such presentment are substantially in conformity with such Letter of Credit.
Letter of Credit Payments
     Section 3.08. . To the extent that any provision of any Application related to any Letter of Credit is inconsistent with the provisions of this Article III, the provisions of this Article III shall apply.
Applications
     Section 4.01. . The Effective Date shall occur upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions Precedent to Effective Date
          (a) Since May 31, 2005 there shall not have occurred and be continuing any Material Adverse Effect.
          (b) All governmental and third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained (without the imposition of any conditions that are not acceptable to the Lenders in their reasonable discretion) and shall remain in effect, and no law or regulation shall be applicable in the reasonable judgment of the Lenders that restrains, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon the transactions contemplated hereby.
          (c) The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable invoiced fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent and the Lenders (including the reasonable invoiced fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent required by this Agreement), to the extent invoices therefor have been received at least one Business Day before such Effective Date.
          (d) On the Effective Date, the following statements shall be true and the Agent shall have received on behalf of the Lenders a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, stating that:
          (i) The representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 are true and correct on and as of the Effective Date, and
          (ii) No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default.
 
          (e) The Agent shall have received satisfactory evidence that the $3,000,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility, dated March 18, 2005 shall have been terminated and all amounts thereunder shall have been paid in full.
          (f) The Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each dated the Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:
        (i) A Note to the order of each Lender (if any) that has requested one pursuant to Section 2.19.
        (ii) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and such Notes.
        (iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.
        (iv) A favorable opinion of (i) in-house counsel for the Borrower in the form of Exhibit D-1 and (ii) Davis Polk & Wardwell, counsel for the Borrower, in the form of Exhibit D-2.
        (v) A certificate of an Authorized Representative dated the Effective Date demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6.02 as of the end of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to the Effective Date for which financial statements have been delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01(g); provided that such certificate shall also incorporate capitalization as of November 30, 2005, as adjusted after giving effect to the Bond Issuance.
               Section 4.02. . The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing or the Issuing Lender to issue a Letter of Credit shall be subject to the conditions precedent (without limitation of the conditions precedent to the Effective Date set forth in Section 4.01) that on the date of such Borrowing or issuance the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Borrowing or the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing such statements are true):
Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing
                    (a) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 made by the Borrower (other than the representations and warranties contained in clauses
 
(f)(i) and (g) of Section 5.01) are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing or issuance before and after giving effect to such issuance or Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific earlier date in which case it was true as of such earlier date), and
          (b) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Borrowing, issuance or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.
     Section 4.03. . For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower of the anticipated Effective Date. The Agent shall notify all parties promptly of the occurrence of the Effective Date, which notice shall be conclusive once given.
Determinations Under Section 4.01
     Section 5.01. . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows:
Representations and Warranties of the Borrower
          (a) The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation.
          (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by it, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, are within the Borrower's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Borrower's charter or by-laws (or other equivalent organizational documents), (ii) applicable law or (iii) any contract or instrument binding on the Borrower or any of its properties or assets that is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
          (c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, to be delivered by it.
          (d) This Agreement has been, and each of the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and
 
delivered by the Borrower. Assuming that this Agreement has been duly executed by the Agent and each of the Initial Lenders, this Agreement is, and each of the Notes of the Borrower when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its respective terms, subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether applied in proceedings in equity or at law.
          (e) The Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at May 31, 2005, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by the opinion(s) of one or more firms of independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K with respect to its year ended May 31, 2005, and the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at November 30, 2005, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the six months then ended, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q with respect to its fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2005, fairly present, subject, in the case of said balance sheet at November 30, 2005, and said statements of income and cash flows for the six months then ended, to absence of footnotes and to year-end audit adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the Consolidated results of the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such dates, all in accordance with GAAP consistently applied.
          (f) There is no pending or (to the knowledge of the Borrower) threatened action, investigation or proceeding, including, without limitation, any Environmental Action, affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that is initiated by any Person other than a Lender in its capacity as a Lender (i) that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Note or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
          (g) Since May 31, 2005, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect which is continuing.
          (h) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an Investment Company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
          (i) No part of the proceeds of any Advances or Letters of Credit will be used in any manner that would result in a violation of Regulation U or X, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect at any time this representation is made or deemed made.
          (j) The proceeds of the Advances and the Letters of Credit shall be used by the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18.
 
          (k) No report, financial statement or other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Agent or any Lender pursuant to subsection 6.01(i) (as modified or supplemented by any other information provided to the Agent or any Lender) contains or will contain any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were, are or will be made, not misleading, except to the extent that the facts (whether misstated or omitted) do not result in a Material Adverse Effect; that with respect to any projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information has been (or will be) prepared in good faith based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
provided
          (l) The Borrower is in compliance with all material provisions of ERISA, except to the extent that all failures to be in compliance could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
          (m) The claims of the Agent and the Lenders against the Borrower under this Agreement rank at least with the claims of all its unsecured creditors, save those whose claims are preferred solely by the laws of general application having effect in relation to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar events.
pari
passu
          (n) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal tax returns and all other tax returns that are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which are required to be filed and have paid all United States federal taxes and all other taxes that are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case, that are due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any material assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except in respect of such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
     Section 6.01. . So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid, any L/C Obligation remains outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder the Borrower will (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to):
Affirmative Covenants
          (a) Comply in all material respects, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders (such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with ERISA, Environmental Laws and the Patriot Act) except where the failure to so comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws, Etc.
          (b) Pay and discharge before the same shall become delinquent, (i) all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property and (ii) all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might by law become a Lien upon its property; , , that none of the Borrower or
Payment of Taxes, Etc.
provided
however
 
any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or claim that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained, unless and until any Lien resulting therefrom attaches to its property and becomes enforceable against its other creditors and the aggregate of such Liens would have a Material Adverse Effect.
          (c) Preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights (charter and statutory) and franchises; , , that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may consummate any transaction permitted under Section 6.02(b) and that none of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right or franchise, and no Subsidiary shall be required to preserve and maintain its corporate existence, if the senior management of the Borrower or of such Subsidiary (or any Person authorized by the Borrower or such Subsidiary) shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
provided
however
provided
further
          (d) . During normal business hours and upon not less than five days' notice, permit the Agent or any of the Lenders or any agents or representatives thereof, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of (excluding any confidential information), and visit the properties of, the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries with the appropriate representatives of the Borrower and together with the appropriate representatives of the Borrower's independent certified public accountants, , , that examination of the records of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries shall occur only at times when an Advance or Advances shall be outstanding to the Borrower and , , that the Agent and the Lenders may make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account only at times when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
Visitation Rights
provided
however
provided
further
          (e) . Keep proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Borrower and each Subsidiary in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time.
Keeping of Books
          (f) . Conduct all transactions otherwise permitted under this Agreement with any of its Affiliates (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries than it would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate except where the failure to do so, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Transactions with Affiliates
          (g) . Furnish to the Lenders:
Reporting Requirements
         (i) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of
 
the Borrower (or such shorter period as required by the SEC), the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, duly certified (subject to year-end audit adjustments) by the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP;
     (ii) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such shorter period as required by the SEC), a copy of the annual audit report for such year for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, containing the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, in each case accompanied by the opinion(s) of Ernst & Young LLP or one or more other firms of independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Agent;
     (iii) concurrently with subsections (g)(i) and (g)(ii) of this Section 6.01, a certificate of the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower certifying that to the best of his or her knowledge no Event of Default is continuing at such date or specifying any Event of Default that is continuing at such date and specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto
     (iv) as soon as possible and in any event within five Business Days after a Board-appointed officer of the Borrower becomes aware of the occurrence of each Default continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower setting forth details of such Default and the action that the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;
     (v) promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all quarterly and annual reports and proxy solicitations that the Borrower sends to any of its security holders, and copies of all reports on Form 8-K that the Borrower files with the SEC) (other than reports on Form 8-K filed solely for the purpose of incorporating exhibits into a registration statement previously filed with the SEC);
     (vi) prompt notice of all actions and proceedings before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in Section 5.01(f); and
 
     (vii) such other information respecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as any Lender through the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.
          Reports required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above for the Borrower shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Borrower posts such reports on the Borrower's website on the Internet at the website address listed for the Borrower on the signature pages hereof or when such report is posted on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and such posting shall be deemed to satisfy the reporting requirements of clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above; that the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of the reports referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above to the Agent or any Lender who requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until written notice to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent or such Lender and , that in every instance the Borrower shall provide paper copies of the certificate required by clauses (iii) and (v) above to the Agent and each of the Lenders until such time as the Agent shall have provided the Borrower written notice otherwise.
provided
provided
further
          (h) . Use the proceeds of the Advances and the Letters of Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18.
Use of Proceeds
           Section 6.02. . So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid, any Letter of Credit remains outstanding or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder:
Negative Covenants
          (a) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries will create or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or on any of the income or profits therefrom unless it shall have made effective provision whereby the Advances shall be secured by such Lien equally and ratably with any and all obligations and Debt so secured so long as such obligations and Debt are so secured; that nothing in this Section 6.02 shall be construed to prevent or restrict the following:
Liens, Etc.
provided
        (i) Permitted Liens,
        (ii) purchase money Liens upon or in any real property or equipment acquired or held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to secure the purchase price of such property or equipment or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property or equipment, or Liens existing on such property or equipment at the time of its acquisition or conditional sales or other similar title retention agreements with respect to property hereafter acquired or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount, , , that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any properties of any character other than the real property or equipment being acquired and any improvements thereto or proceeds thereof, and no such extension, renewal
provided
however
 
or replacement shall extend to or cover any properties not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced,
     (iii) the Liens existing on the Effective Date and described on Schedule 6.02(a) hereto,
     (iv) Liens on property of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; that (A) to the extent such Liens were created at a time when such Person was a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of the Borrower, such Liens attach solely to the properties or assets subject to such Liens immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or acquisition and (B) any such Liens that were created during the period immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or acquisition were not created in contemplation of the merger, consolidation or acquisition.
provided
     (v) Liens to secure Debt issued by the Borrower in connection with a consolidation or merger of the Borrower with or into any of its Affiliates in exchange for or otherwise in substitution for long-term senior secured Debt of such Affiliate (without increase in the amount or extension of the final maturity date of the Debt of such Affiliate),
     (vi) Liens on margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System),
     (vii) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clauses (iii) and (iv) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount) of the Debt secured thereby,
     (viii) Liens to secure intercompany Debt obligations among Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
     (ix) Additional Permitted Liens,
     (x) Liens arising from any receivables financing accounted for under GAAP as a sale by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to a Person other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, that (a) such financing shall be limited recourse or non-recourse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries except to the extent customary for such transactions, and (b) such Liens do not encumber any assets other than the receivables being financed, the property securing or otherwise relating to such receivables, and the proceeds thereof, and
provided
 
     (xi) Liens, not otherwise subject to any of clauses (i) through (x) above, on assets, other than Intellectual Property, granted to secure Debt or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount that, together with any Covenant Debt of a Subsidiary of the Borrower outstanding pursuant to Section 6.02(d)(iii), shall not exceed the amount specified in Section 6.02(d)(iii).
          (b) The Borrower will not merge or consolidate with or into, and will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person, except that (i) any Person may merge with or into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the survivor; (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may dispose of assets to any other Subsidiary of the Borrower; (iii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may dispose of assets to the Borrower; (iv) the Borrower may merge into any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of effecting a change in its state of incorporation from Delaware to any other state in the United States if (A) such Subsidiary is incorporated in such other state solely for the purposes of such merger and, immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger, has positive stockholders' equity, and (B) such merger would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (v) any Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower may dispose of assets to Persons other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, so long as, after giving effect to such transaction, such Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, taken as a consolidated whole, has not disposed of, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, more than 10% of the Consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (vi) any Person may sell margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System).
Mergers, Etc.
          (c) . The Borrower shall not permit the Capitalization Ratio to exceed 45%.
Financial Covenant
          (d) . The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to incur or permit to remain outstanding any Covenant Debt other than (i) Debt of a Subsidiary outstanding on the Effective Date and refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof, (ii) Debt owed to the Borrower or another Subsidiary of the Borrower and (iii) Covenant Debt not referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above in an aggregate outstanding principal amount that, together with any Debt or other obligations secured by Liens referred to in Section 6.02(a)(xi), shall not exceed the greater of (x) $1,500,000,000 and (y) 25% of Stockholders' Equity determined at such time.
Subsidiary Indebtedness
     Section 7.01. . If any of the following events ("") shall occur and be continuing with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries:
Events of Default
Event of Default
 
          (a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance or L/C Obligation when the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance or L/C Obligation within three Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any fees payable hereunder within ten Business Days after the same become due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any other amount payable under this Agreement or any Note within ten Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of written demand therefor; or
          (b) Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made; or
          (c) (i) The Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01(c),(f),(g)(iii),(g)(iv), (g)(vi) or (h) or 6.02, (ii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01(g) (other than clauses (iv) and (vi) thereof) if such failure shall remain unremedied for fifteen (15) Business Days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent or any Lender or (iii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent or any Lender; or
          (d) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any Debt that is outstanding in a principal or, in the case of Hedge Agreements, net amount, of at least $200,000,000 in the aggregate (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) (the ""), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the later of five (5) Business Days and the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt; or any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount shall be declared due and payable or any other breach or default with respect to any other material term shall occur or shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument if the effect of such breach or default is to accelerate the maturity of such Debt; or any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount shall be required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof where the cause of such prepayment, redemption, purchase or defeasance is the occurrence of an event or condition that is premised on a material adverse deterioration of the financial condition, results of operations or properties of the Borrower or such Subsidiary; that with respect to Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount of the types described in clauses (h) or (i) of the definition of "Debt" and to the extent such Debt relates to the obligations of any Person other than a Subsidiary, no Event of Default shall occur so long as the payment of
Requisite Amount
provided
 
such Debt is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained; or
          (e) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall generally not pay its respective debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth in this subsection (e) under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; or
          (f) Any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) and such judgment shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days and enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order; , , that any such judgment or order shall not be an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(f) if and for so long as and to the extent that (i) the amount of such judgment or order is covered (subject to standard deductibles) by a valid and binding policy of insurance between the defendant and the insurer or insurers covering payment thereof, (ii) such insurer shall be rated, or, if more than one insurer, at least 90% of such insurers as measured by the amount of risk insured shall be rated, at least "A-" by A.M. Best Company or its successor or its successors and (iii) such insurer(s) has been notified of, and has not refused to defend the claim made for payment of, the amount of such judgment or order; or
provided
however
          (g) (i) Any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock of the Borrower (or other securities convertible into such Voting Stock) representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of all Voting Stock of the Borrower; or (ii) during any period of up to twenty-four (24) consecutive months, commencing after the date of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such 24-month period were directors of the Borrower shall cease for any reason (other than solely as a result of (A) death or disability or (B) voluntary retirement or resignation of any individual in the ordinary
 
course and not for reasons related to an actual or proposed change of control of the Borrower) to constitute a majority of the board of directors of the Borrower; or
          (h) The Borrower or its ERISA Affiliates shall incur, or shall be reasonably likely to incur, liability that would have a Material Adverse Effect as a result of one or more of the following: (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (ii) the partial or complete withdrawal of the Borrower or its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan; or (iii) the reorganization or termination of a Multiemployer Plan; or
          (i) This Agreement ceases to be in full force and effect or shall be declared null and void or the Borrower shall contest the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in writing or deny in writing that it has any further liability, including with respect to future Advances by Lenders, under this Agreement;
then, and in any such event, the Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to the Borrower to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare all or a portion of the Advances (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder), all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement by the Borrower to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such Advances (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder), all such interest and all such other amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable by the Borrower, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; , , that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to the Borrower or issue Letters of Credit shall automatically be terminated and (B) the Advances (including all amounts of L/C Obligations, whether or not the beneficiaries of the then outstanding Letters of Credit shall have presented the documents required thereunder), all such interest and all such other amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable by the Borrower without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower. With respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time of an acceleration pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by the Agent an amount equal to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit. Amounts held in such cash collateral account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under such Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if any, shall be applied to repay other obligations of the Borrower hereunder and under the other loan documents. After all such Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, all Reimbursement Obligations shall have been satisfied and all other obligations of the Borrower hereunder
provided
however
 
shall have been paid in full, the balance, if any, in such cash collateral account shall be returned to the Borrower (or such other Person as may be lawfully entitled thereto).
     Section 8.01. . Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Wachovia as its agent hereunder and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
Appointment and Authority
     Section 8.02. . The Person serving as the Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Agent and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
Rights as a Lender
     Section 8.03. . The Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the relevant Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.01), that the Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Agent to liability or that is contrary to any applicable law, and (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the person serving as the Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.01) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice thereof is given to the Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. The Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in
Exculpatory Provisions
provided
 
connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agent.
     Section 8.04. . The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, posting to an Internet or intranet website or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
Reliance by Agent
     Section 8.05. . The Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Agent. The Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent.
Delegation of Duties
     Section 8.06. . The Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in New York. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, that if the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no such successor is willing to accept such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the
Resignation of Agent
provided
 
Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent's resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 8.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent.
     Section 8.07. . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any Note or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders
     Section 8.08. . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Joint Lead Arrangers, Joint Bookrunners, Syndication Agent or documentation agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Agent or a Lender hereunder.
No Other Duties, etc
     Section 9.01. (a) No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any Notes, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; , , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, do any of the following: (A) waive any of the conditions specified in Section 4.01, (B) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Credit Exposure or the number of Lenders that shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder (except pursuant to Section 2.05), or (C) amend this Section 9.01; and (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Required Lenders and each
Amendments, Etc.
provided
however
 
Lender that has a Commitment or has or is owed obligations under this Agreement or the Notes that is or are modified by such amendment, waiver or consent, (A) increase the Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional obligations (except pursuant to Section 2.05), (B) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Advances or L/C Borrowings made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (C) postpone any date fixed for any payment of interest on the Advances or L/C Borrowings made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (D) extend the Termination Date or (E) amend or waive the application of Section 2.16. No amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of Article III shall be effective without the written consent of the Issuing Lender.
Each Lender grants (x) to the Agent the right to purchase all (but not less than all) of such Lender's Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure (including all or a portion of the L/C Obligations at the time) owing to it and the Notes held by it and all of its rights and obligations hereunder, and (y) to the Borrower the right to cause an assignment of all (but not less than all) of such Lender's Commitments and Advances owing to it, its participations in the Notes held by it and all of its rights and obligations hereunder to Eligible Assignees, which right may be exercised by the Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be, if such Lender (a "") refuses to execute any amendment, waiver or consent which requires the written consent of all or all affected Lenders under clause (i) or (ii) in paragraph (a) above or, alternatively, is unable to execute and/or deliver such amendment, waiver or consent which requires the written consent of all or all affected Lenders under clause (i) or (ii) in paragraph (a) above within the time period specified by the Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower and to which the Required Lenders, and the Borrower have otherwise agreed; that such Non-Consenting Lender shall receive, in connection with such assignments, payment equal to the aggregate amount of outstanding Advances owed to such Lender (together with all accrued and unpaid interest, fees and other amounts owed to such Lender, including any amounts under Section 2.17). Each Lender agrees that if the Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be, exercises their option hereunder, it shall promptly execute and deliver all agreements and documentation reasonably necessary to effectuate such assignment, without recourse, as set forth in Section 9.07 at the Borrower's expense. If the Borrower has requested that a Lender execute such agreement or documentation and the Non-Consenting Lender does not comply with the request within two Business Days after such request is made to execute and deliver such assignment, then the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such agreement and documentation on such Non-Consenting Lender's behalf and any such agreement and/or documentation so executed by the Borrower (in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto) shall be effective for purposes of effectuating an assignment pursuant to Section 9.07; , all amounts due and owing to the Non-Consenting Lender have been paid and the Borrower shall not be permitted to add any obligations or liabilities to such Non-Consenting Lender.
Non-Consenting Lender
provided
provided
     Section 9.02. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or
Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Consent.
 
overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows: (i) if to the Borrower, to it at Oracle Corporation, 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065, Attention of the Treasurer (Telecopier No. (650) 633-0171; Telephone No. (650) 506-4118), with a copy to the General Counsel at Oracle Corporation (Telecopier No. (650) 506-7114; Telephone No. (650) 506-5500); (ii) if to the Agent, to Wachovia at 301 South College Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Attention: Mark Felker (Telecopier No. (704) 383-7611; Telephone No. (704) 374-7074), with a copy to Syndications (Telecopier No. (704) 383-3612; Telephone No. (704) 383-4131; and (iii) if to a Lender, to it at its address (or telecopier number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when receipt thereof is confirmed electronically (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).
          (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agent, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Section 2.02 if such Lender has notified the Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. Electronic mail and Internet and intranet websites may be used by the Agent to distribute communications, such as financial statements and other information as provided in this Agreement, and to distribute documents for execution by the parties thereto, and the Agent shall not be responsible for any losses, costs, expenses and liabilities that may arise by reason of the use thereof, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act in good faith upon any notices (including telephonic notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower.
provided
provided
provided
 
          (c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopier number or email address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
     Section 9.03. . No failure on the part of any Lender or the Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
No Waiver; Remedies
     Section 9.04. . (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Agent (and reasonable, documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent or any Lender, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Agent or any Lender (and reasonable and documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the Notes, including its rights under this Section 9.04, or in connection with the Advances made, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances.
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
          (b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (and reasonable fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent or any Lender), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Action related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by the Borrower, any of its shareholders or creditors, an Indemnitee or any other Person, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims,
Indemnitee
provided
 
damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or to the extent that, in any action brought by the Borrower, the Borrower prevails.
          (c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.04 to be paid by it to the Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender's Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this paragraph (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.02(h).
provided
          (d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in paragraph (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
          (e) All amounts due under this Section 9.04 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
          (f) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Borrower contained in Sections 2.11, 2.14 and this Section 9.04 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes.
     Section 9.05. . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed
Right of Set-off
 
to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section 9.05 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Agent after any such setoff and application, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
provided
     Section 9.06. . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Agent and when the Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
Binding Effect
     Section 9.07. . (a) No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07 or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (f) of this Section 9.07 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Assignments and Participations
          (b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it); that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Advances and L/C Obligations outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Advance of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Agent or, if "Trade Date" is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof (or, in the case of an Advance or Letter of Credit in an Alternate Currency, an appropriate corresponding amount as shall be consented to by the Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)), unless each of the Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and such approval to be deemed to have been given if a response is not received within fifteen Business Days from the date on which request for approval was received by the applicable Person); (ii) each partial
provided
 
assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Advance, L/C Obligation or the Commitment assigned; (iii) any assignment must be approved with the prior written consent of (A) the Agent and (B) the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (iv) the parties to each assignment shall (1) electronically execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Agent or (2) manually execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; that only one such fee shall be payable in connection with simultaneous assignments to or by two or more Approved Funds; and (v) the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and if required, applicable tax forms.
provided
provided
     Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 9.07, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.11, 2.14 and 9.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07.
          (c) The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Advances and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee's completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07 and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07, the Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in
Register
 
the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
          (d) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a "") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or Revolving Credit Exposure owing to it); that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to (A) reducing the principal of, or interest on, the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (B) postponing any date fixed for any payment of interest on the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender that affects such Participant or (c) extending the Termination Date. Subject to paragraph (e) of this Section 9.07, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.11 and 2.14 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.05 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.16 as though it were a Lender.
Participant
provided
provided
          (e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.11 and 2.14 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower's prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.14 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.14(e) as though it were a Lender.
          (f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Advances owing to it and the Notes, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of
provided
 
obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities, that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 9.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under this Agreement and the Notes even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise.
provided
          (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a "") may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (a ""), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Advance that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Advance, (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provided all or any part of such Advance, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Advance pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of an Advance by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Advance were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.07, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Agent and without paying any processing fee therefore, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Advances to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower and Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Advances and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Advances to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. This Section 9.07 may not be amended without the written consent of each SPC that holds any loans at the time of the proposed amendment.
Granting Lender
SPC
provided
that
          (h) Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Lender and the Agent.
     Section 9.08. . This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
 
     Section 9.09. . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement or such other document or instrument, as applicable.
Counterparts; Integration; Electronic Execution
          (b) The words "execution," "signed," "signature," and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
     Section 9.10. (a) The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York City and of the United States District Court sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or the Notes or in any shall affect any right that the Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Notes against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction, Etc.
          (b) The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 9.10. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
          (c) Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.02. Nothing in this Agreement will affect
 
the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.
     Section 9.11. . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Waiver of Jury Trial
     Section 9.12. . Each of the Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to it, its Affiliates' and their respective partners, directors, officers, employees, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under the Notes or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Notes or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.12, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.12 or (y) becomes available to the Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.
Confidentiality
     For purposes of this Section 9.12, "" means all information received from (or on behalf of) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.12 shall be considered to have complied with its
Information
provided
 
obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
     Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Agent and each Lender (and each employee, representative, or other agent of the Agent and each Lender) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the transaction contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the Agent or such Lender relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except that with respect to any document or similar item that in either case contains information concerning the tax treatment or tax structure of the transaction contemplated hereby as well as other Information, this sentence shall only apply to such portions of the document or similar item that relate to the tax treatment or tax structure of the transaction contemplated hereby. For this purpose, the tax treatment of the transaction contemplated hereby is the purported or claimed U.S. federal or state income tax treatment of the transaction contemplated hereby and the tax structure of the transaction contemplated hereby is any fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed U.S. federal or state income tax treatment of the transaction contemplated hereby.
     Section 9.13. . Each Lender and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lenders in order to assist the Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act.
Patriot Act Notice
     Section 9.14. . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Agent or the Lenders hereunder or under the other loan documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Agent of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Agent may in accordance with its normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Agent from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Agent or other Person to whom such obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency
Judgment Currency
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
 
so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Agent in such currency, the Agent agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).
 
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
Where:
 
Each Lender shall promptly notify the Agent in writing of any change to the information provided by it pursuant to this paragraph.
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT A
FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE
     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the order of (the "") for the account of its Applicable Lending Office on the Termination Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March [15], 2006 (as amended or modified from time to time, the ""; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among the Borrower and the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto, Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, ABN Amro Bank, N.V., BNP Paribas, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Bank, as Documentation Agents, Wachovia Bank, National Association (""), as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the ""), and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, outstanding on the Termination Date.
Borrower
                    
Lender
Credit Agreement
Wachovia
Agent
     The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates, and payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement.
     Both principal and interest are payable in the currency in which such Advance is denominated to Wachovia, as the Agent, at 301 South College Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, in same day funds. Each Advance owing to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and all payments made on account of principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto which is part of this Promissory Note.
     This Promissory Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of Advances by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Advance being evidenced by this Promissory Note, and (ii) contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified.
 
 
EXHIBIT B - FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING
Wachovia Bank, National Association, as Agent for the Lenders party to the Credit Agreement referred to below 301 South College Street Charlotte, North Carolina 28288
     Attention:
                    
Ladies and Gentlemen:
          The undersigned, Oracle Corporation, refers to the 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2006 (as amended or modified from time to time, the "", the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders party thereto, Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, ABN Amro Bank, N.V., BNP Paribas, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Bank, as Documentation Agents, Wachovia Bank, National Association (""), as Administrative Agent, and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement, that the undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing (the "") as required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement:
Credit Agreement
Wachovia
Proposed Borrowing
          (i) The Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is , ___.
                    
          (ii) The Type of Advances comprising the Proposed Borrowing is [Base Rate Advances] [Eurocurrency Rate Advances].
          (iii) The currency of the Proposed Borrowing is [Dollars][Yen][Euros][Pounds Sterling].
          (iv) The aggregate amount of the Proposed Borrowing is [$].
                    
          (v) [Insert remittance instructions]
          [(vi) The initial Interest Period for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance made as part of the Proposed Borrowing is [days] [month[s]].]
          The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof and will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing:
 
          (A) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 of the Credit Agreement made by the undersigned (other than the representations and warranties contained in clauses (f)(i) and(g) of Section 5.01) are correct in all material respects, before and after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific earlier date in which case it was true as of such earlier date); and
          (B) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default.
 
EXHIBIT C FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE
     This Assignment and Acceptance (the "") is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [] (the "") and [] (the ""). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended from time to time, the ""), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Acceptance as if set forth herein in full.
Assignment and Acceptance
Insert name of Assignor
Assignor
Insert name of Assignee
Assignee
Credit Agreement
     For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor's rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the commitment identified below and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as, the ""). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, without representation or warranty by the Assignor.
Assigned Interest
4. Administrative Agent: Wachovia Bank, National Association, as the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement
5. Credit Agreement: The 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 15, 2006 among Oracle Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders parties thereto, Bank of America, as Syndication Agent, ABN Amro Bank, N.V., BNP Paribas, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ,
 
 
Ltd., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Bank, as Documentation Agents, Wachovia Bank, National Association (""), as Administrative Agent, and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners.
Wachovia
6. Assigned Interest:
[7. Trade Date: ]
                    
4
Effective Date: , 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
                    
 
 
     The terms set forth in this Assignment and Acceptance are hereby agreed to:
 
 
ANNEX 1 to Assignment and Acceptance
     1. Representations and Warranties.
     1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement.
     1.2. . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Lender, and (v) if it is a Foreign Lender, attached to the Assignment and Acceptance is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement is required to be performed by it as a Lender.
Assignee
     2. . From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
Payments
     3. . This Assignment and Acceptance shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Acceptance by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
General Provisions


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060516194436.txt.gz
TIME:20060516194436
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5  Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.
(b) Departure of Director
On May 16, 2006, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") announced that Joseph A. Grundfest is resigning from the Oracle Board of Directors effective June 2, 2006. A copy of the press release and Mr. Grundfest's letter of resignation are attached hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., May 16, 2006  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that Joseph A. Grundfest is resigning from Oracle's Board of Directors on June 2, 2006, following the close of Oracle's current fiscal year.
Grundfest, the William A. Franke Professor of Law and Business at Stanford Law School, has assumed a new role as the co-director of the newly launched Arthur and Toni Rembe Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford Law School. He has served as an Oracle director since October 2001 and has been the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Finance & Audit Committee of the Board.
Oracle Chairman Jeff Henley said, "Joe has been a very diligent and dedicated member of the Board and its committees and has brought valuable insights and perspective to the Board. We thank him for his service to Oracle."
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit Oracle on the web at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
www.oracle.com/investor

Exhibit 99.2
Daniel Cooperman, Esq.
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and
Corporate Secretary
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway, M/S 5op7
Redwood Shores, CA 94065
Dear Dan:
As you are aware, I have been asked to consider resigning from the board of directors of Oracle Corporation because of a perception that my new position as co-director of the Rock Center on Corporate Governance at Stanford University has the potential to raise issues that were unanticipated as of the time I initially joined the board.
While I am of the view that these concerns are misplaced, I have decided to resign my position as director effective as of June 2, 2006.
 
 
Lawrence J. Ellison, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Safra Catz, President and Director
Charles Phillips, President and Director
Jeffrey Berg, Director
H. Raymond Bingham, Director
Michael J. Boskin, Director
Hector Garcia-Molina, Director
Jack F. Kemp, Director
Donald L. Lucas, Director
Naomi Seligman, Director


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060619105850.txt.gz
TIME:20060619105850
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2  Financial Information
 
On June 15, 2006, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing preliminary financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter ended May 31, 2006. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Immediate Release
 
 
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 15, 2006Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL), today announced that preliminary Q4 fiscal 2006 financial results exceeded management's previous guidance.
New software license revenues increased 32% to $2.12 billion, exceeding previous guidance of 8% to 18% growth. Database technology license revenues grew 18%, while applications license revenues increased 83%. Organic applications license revenues, which exclude the Siebel and Retek acquisitions, increased 56%.
Fourth quarter total GAAP revenues increased 25% to $4.85 billion, exceeding previous guidance of 13% to 17% growth. Q4 GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be $0.24, as compared to previous guidance of $0.21 to $0.23.
Total non-GAAP revenues increased to $4.94 billion or 22% in the fourth quarter, exceeding previous guidance of 10% to 14% growth. Non-GAAP earnings per share are estimated to be $0.29, as compared to previous guidance of $0.26 to $0.28.
These preliminary financial results are subject to revision. Oracle will release its final results on June 22
nd
, as previously announced, and will hold a conference call and web broadcast to discuss the results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of the event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's preliminary 2006 fourth quarter results and future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. These preliminary 2006 fourth quarter results are subject to revision. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing products. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K, as amended, and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Factors That May Affect Our Future Results or the Market Price of Our Stock." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC at or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of June 15, 2006. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
www.sec.gov
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
APPENDIX A
Due to a series of acquisitions, our results of operations have undergone significant change. To supplement our preliminary financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries, and expenses related to acquisitions and other significant expenses, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effect:
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060622163551.txt.gz
TIME:20060622163551
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On June 22, 2006, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter and year ended May 31, 2006. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 22, 2006  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2006 Q4 GAAP earnings per share of $0.24, up 24% compared to the same quarter last year. Fourth quarter GAAP revenues were up 25% to $4.9 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 27% to $1.3 billion. Total GAAP software revenues were up 28% to $4.0 billion with GAAP database and middleware new license revenues up 18% and GAAP applications new license revenues up 83%. GAAP services revenues were $857 million, up 13% compared to the same quarter last year.
Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.29 in Q4, up 11% compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP net income was up 13% to $1.5 billion compared to Q4 last year.
Fiscal year 2006 GAAP earnings per share were $0.64, up 16% compared to the prior year. Fiscal year 2006 GAAP revenues were up 22% to $14.4 billion, while annual GAAP net income was up 17% to $3.4 billion. Total GAAP software revenues for the full year were up 23% to $11.5 billion with annual GAAP database and middleware new license revenues up 9% and annual GAAP applications new license revenues up 66%. Annual GAAP services revenues were $2.8 billion, up 19% compared to the year ago period.
Fiscal year 2006 non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.80, up 19% year over year. Annual non-GAAP net income was up 20% to $4.2 billion compared to fiscal year 2005.
"We reported record revenues and earnings for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "In two years, our non-GAAP EPS is up 56%. That is well above our stated goal of a 20% average annual growth rate."
"In Q4 Oracle delivered accelerating revenue growth across virtually all product lines and geographies," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "Our applications business was especially strong with new license sales growing 83% including acquisitions, and 56% growth on an organic basis. At these very high growth rates, Oracle is rapidly increasing its share of the applications market."
"Oracle's database and middleware business grew 18% in the quarter and 9% for the full year," said CEO, Larry Ellison. "We are growing faster than the overall database market because we are winning share from our competitors. The latest Gartner and IDC reports confirm that Oracle is increasing its lead over the number two database, IBM's DB2, as more and more companies move their applications off of mainframes and onto Oracle Database Grids."
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit Oracle on the web at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
www.oracle.com/investor
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's results and future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing products. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K, as amended, and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Factors That May Affect Our Future Results or the Market Price of Our Stock." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC at or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this release is current as of June 22, 2006. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
www.sec.gov
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
Due to a series of acquisitions, our results of operations have undergone significant change. To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries, and expenses related to acquisitions and other significant expenses, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effect:
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060714163845.txt.gz
TIME:20060714163845
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5 - Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
The Board of Directors (the "Board") of Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") adopted a resolution amending and restating Oracle's Bylaws (as amended and restated, the "Bylaws") as of July 10, 2006.
Descriptions of the provisions adopted or changed and, if applicable, the previous provision are provided below. These descriptions are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by the Bylaws filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1, the text of which is incorporated by reference in this Section 5.03.
Nominations and Stockholder Business
A new Section 1.11 was added to establish procedures pursuant to which a stockholder may nominate a person for election to the Board or propose business to be considered at a stockholder meeting.
. To nominate a person for election to the Board, a stockholder must set forth all information relating to the nominee that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Nominations
. To propose an item of business, a stockholder must provide a brief description of the business, along with the text of the proposal or business. The stockholder also must set forth the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made.
Stockholder Business
. Written notice of a stockholder nomination or proposal of other business must be delivered to Oracle's Secretary not less than 90 nor more than 120 days prior to the date on which Oracle first mailed its proxy materials for the prior year's annual meeting. However, if Oracle's annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the anniversary of the previous year's meeting, a stockholder's written notice will be timely if its is delivered by the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the announcement of the date of the meeting.
Notice Deadlines
. Such notice must contain information specified in the Bylaws as to the director nominee or proposal of other business, information about the stockholder making the nomination or proposal and the beneficial owner, if any, on behalf of whom the nomination or proposal is made, including name and address, class and number of shares owned, and representations regarding the intention to make such a proposal or nomination and to solicit proxies in support of it. With respect to director nominees, Oracle may require any proposed nominee to furnish information concerning his or her eligibility to serve as an independent director or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence of the nominee.
Notice Requirements
At a special meeting of stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to Oracle's notice of meeting. A stockholder may make nominations of persons for election to the Board at a special meeting if the stockholder delivers written notice to Oracle's Secretary not before the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not after the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the 10th day following the announcement of the meeting date.
If the number of directors to be elected to the Board is increased and Oracle does not make a public announcement specifying the size of the increased Board at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's written notice of nominees for any new position will be considered timely if it is delivered to Oracle's Secretary by the 10th day following the announcement.
Derivative Actions
A new Section 9.07 was added to provide that the sole and exclusive forum for any actual or purported stockholder derivative action brought on behalf of Oracle be the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware.
Ability to Issue Uncertificated Shares
Section 5.01 was changed to allow the Board to provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of stock issued by Oracle will be uncertificated shares. Such a resolution will not apply to currently certificated shares until such certificate is surrendered to Oracle.
Previously, Oracle's Bylaws provided every Oracle stockholder with the right to have a certificate certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder.
Officers
Sections 4.01, 4.02, 4.03, 4.05 and 4.06 were revised to reflect officer positions that had previously been established by the Board pursuant to its power to appoint officers from time to time, as provided in Section 4.01 of the Bylaws.
The revisions reflect the positions of Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), and endow the CEO and CFO with some of the duties and powers formerly granted to the President and Treasurer, respectively.
Indemnification and Defense of Officers, Directors and Employees
Sections 6.01 and 6.02 were changed to no longer require Oracle to indemnify or advance expenses to an Oracle employee involved in a legal, administrative or investigative proceeding when that employee is not also an officer or director. Oracle's indemnification and defense of such employees is discretionary (other than where required by applicable law). The new provisions continue to require Oracle to indemnify, hold harmless and advance expenses to any officer or director who was or is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any legal, administrative or investigative proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was an Oracle officer or director, or by reason of his or her service, while an officer or director of Oracle, as a director, officer or employee of another entity at Oracle's request.
Previously, the Bylaws provided for mandatory indemnification and defense of all officers, directors, and employees by Oracle. The new provisions are prospective only, and do not adversely affect any right to indemnification and expenses previously conferred on an Oracle employee.
Technological Updates
Multiple provisions were changed to reflect changes in the technologies used to perform ministerial tasks and to permit electronic communication and storage.
. Provisions were changed to allow notice to be given electronically for all meetings of stockholders (Section 1.03), special meetings of the Board (Section 2.04), and as otherwise required (Section 7.01). Notice by electronic delivery will be deemed given when dispatched (Section 7.01), and any person entitled to notice may waive it by electronic transmission (Section 7.02). The members of the Board may consent to any action without a meeting by electronic transmission or transmissions (Section 2.08), and any director or officer may resign by electronic transmission to Oracle (Sections 2.02 and 4.01).
Electronic Notices, Waivers, Consents and Resignations
Previously, Oracle's Bylaws did not provide for electronic notices, waivers, consents and resignations and provided for notice and waiver using obsolete methods of transmittal (e.g., telegram, telex and mailgram). The new provisions eliminate references to these technologies.
. Provisions were similarly changed to allow the minutes of proceedings of the Board or any committee thereof (Section 2.08), as well as any records kept by Oracle in the regular course of its business (Section 9.03), to be stored in electronic form.
Electronic Transmittal and Storage
Previously, Oracle's Bylaws did not provide for these records and filings to be stored in electronic form and provided for storage using obsolete technologies (e.g. punch cards, magnetic tape and microphotographs). The new provision eliminates references to these technologies.
Section 9 - Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 3.02
 
 
 
Section 1.01. . An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors at such date, time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors shall each year fix. Any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting.
Annual Meetings
Section 1.02. . Special meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, the CEO, the Board of Directors or stockholders holding shares representing not less than twenty percent of the outstanding votes entitled to vote at the meeting. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons.
Special Meetings
Section 1.03. . Notice of all meetings of stockholders shall be given in writing or by electronic transmission stating the place, date and time of the meeting and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, such notice shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting.
Notice of Meetings
Section 1.04. . Any meeting of stockholders may adjourn from time to time to reconvene at the same or another place, and notice need not be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time, date and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted at the original meeting.
Adjournments
Section 1.05. . At each meeting of stockholders the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum, except where otherwise required by law. If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting may adjourn the meeting. Shares of the Corporation's stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not limit the right of the Corporation or any other corporation to vote any of the Corporation's stock held by it in a fiduciary capacity.
Quorum
Section 1.06. . Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by such person as the Board of Directors may designate, or, in the absence of such a person, the Chairman of the Board, or, in the absence of such person, the CEO of the Corporation, or, in the absence of such person, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting. Such person shall be chairman of the meeting and shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seems to him or her to be in order. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
Section 1.07. . Unless otherwise provided by law, and subject to the provisions of Section 1.06 of these Bylaws, each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, or to express consent or
Voting; Proxies
dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot and need not be conducted by inspectors unless such is demanded by a stockholder or stockholders holding shares representing at least one percent of the votes entitled to vote at such meeting, or by such stockholder's or stockholders' proxy. If a vote is to be taken by written ballot, each such ballot shall state the name of the stockholder or proxy voting and such other information as the chairman of the meeting deems appropriate, and the ballots shall be counted by one or more inspectors appointed by the chairman of the meeting. At all meetings of stockholders for the election of directors a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect. All other elections and questions, unless otherwise provided by law or these Bylaws, shall be decided by the vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote thereon present in person or by proxy at the meeting.
Section 1.08. . In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, then the record date shall be as provided by law. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date For Determination of Stockholders of Record
Any stockholder of record seeking to have the stockholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent shall, by written notice to the Secretary, request the Board of Directors to fix a record date for such consent. Such request shall include a brief description of the action proposed to be taken. The Board of Directors shall, within ten (10) days after the date on which such a request is received, adopt a resolution fixing the record date. Such record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and shall not be more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors within ten (10) days of the date on which such a request is received, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or any officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by applicable law, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the date on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.
Section 1.09. . A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
List of Stockholders Entitled To Vote
Section 1.10. . Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation, and except as set forth in Section 1.08 above, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.
Action By Consent of Stockholders
 
Section 1.11. N. (a) Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors of the Corporation and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (i) pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto), (ii) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereto, or (iii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 1.11, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complied with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11.
ominations and Stockholder Business
(b) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to this Section 1.11, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, and such business other than the nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors must be a proper subject for stockholder action under the Delaware General Corporation Law. To be timely, a stockholder's written notice shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principle executive offices of the Corporation, not less than ninety (90) days nor more than one hundred twenty (120) days prior to the date on which the Corporation first mailed its proxy materials for the prior year's annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than thirty (30) days or delayed (other than as a result of adjournment) by more than thirty (30) days from the anniversary of the previous year's annual meeting, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be delivered not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. In no event shall the public announcement of any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. Such stockholder's notice shall set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act (including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected); (ii) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the Bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made; and (iii) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owners if any on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (A) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner, (B) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner and (C) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination, and (D) a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (i) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and/or (ii) otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination. The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 1.11 shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his, her or its intention to present a proposal or nomination at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and such stockholder's proposal or nomination has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as an independent director of the Corporation or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder's understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee.
(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Section 1.11 to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of Directors of the Corporation is increased and there is no public announcement specifying the size of the increased Board of Directors made by the Corporation at least one hundred (100) days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 1.11 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.
 
(d) Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting (i) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof or (ii) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 1.11, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. Nominations by stockholders of persons for election to the Board of Directors may be made at such a special meeting of stockholders if the stockholder's written notice required by this Section 1.11 shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principle executive offices of the Corporation, not earlier than the one hundred twentieth (120th) day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the ninetieth (90th) day prior to such special meeting or the tenth (10th) day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board of Directors to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
(e) Only those persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 shall be eligible for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. Only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11. The chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.11 and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with this Section 1.11, to declare that such defective proposal shall be disregarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or proposed business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 1.11, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
(f) For purposes of this Section 1.11, "public announcement" shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press, Reuters, Business Wire or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 9, 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
(g) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 1.11, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this section. Nothing in this section shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act or of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation.
Section 2.01. . The Board of Directors shall consist of three or more members, the number thereof to be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. Directors need not be stockholders.
Number; Qualifications
Section 2.02. . Each director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any director may resign at any time upon notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. Subject to the rights of any holders of Preferred Stock then outstanding, (i) any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, and (ii) any vacancy occurring in the
Election; Resignation; Removal; Vacancies
 
Board of Directors for any cause, and any newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors to be elected by all stockholders having the right to vote as a single class, may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, or by the stockholders. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director.
Section 2.03. . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, and at such times as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Notice of regular meetings need not be given if the date, times and places thereof are fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Regular Meetings
Section 2.04. . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the CEO or the Board of Directors and may be held at any time, date or place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting shall fix. Notice of the time, date and place of such meeting shall be given by the person or persons calling the meeting to all directors at least four (4) days before the meeting if the notice is mailed, or at least two (2) days before the meeting if such notice is given by telephone, hand delivery, electronic transmission, facsimile or similar communication method. Unless otherwise indicated in the notice, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.
Special Meetings
Section 2.05. . Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee of the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to conference telephone or similar communications equipment shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Telephonic Meetings Permitted
Section 2.06. . At all meetings of the Board of Directors a majority of the total number of authorized directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Except as otherwise provided herein or required by law, the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.
Quorum; Vote Required For Action
Section 2.07. . Meetings of the Board of Directors shall be presided over by the Chairman of the Board, or in his or her absence by the CEO, or in his or her absence by a chairman chosen at the meeting. The Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting, but in his or her absence the chairman of the meeting may appoint any person to act as secretary of the meeting.
Organization
Section 2.08. . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee. Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
Written Action By Directors
Section 2.09. . The Board of Directors may, except as otherwise required by law, exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation.
Powers
Section 2.10. . Directors, as such, may receive, pursuant to a resolution of the Board of Directors, fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including, without limitation, their services as members of committees of the Board of Directors.
Compensation of Directors
Section 3.01. . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of the committee, the member or members thereof present at any meetings and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint
Committees
 
another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in a resolution of the Board of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers that may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the Board of Directors as provided in subsection (a) of Section 151 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, fix the designations and any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution and distribution of assets of the Corporation, or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation, or fix the number of shares of any series of stock or authorize the increase or decrease of the shares of any series), adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation under Sections 251 or 252 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation's property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the Bylaws of the Corporation; and unless the resolution of the Board of Directors expressly so provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend, authorize the issuance of stock or adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Section 3.02. . Unless the Board of Directors otherwise provides, each committee designated by the Board may make, alter and repeal rules for the conduct of its business. In the absence of such rules each committee shall conduct its business in the same manner as the Board of Directors conducts its business pursuant to Article 2 of these Bylaws.
Committee Rules
. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a Chief Executive Officer, one or more Presidents, one or more Vice Presidents, a Chief Financial Officer, a Treasurer, a Secretary and such other officers, including a Chairman of the Board of Directors, as may from time to time be appointed by the Board of Directors. Officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. Any number of offices may be held by the same person. Any officer may resign at any time upon notice in writing or by electronic transmission to the Corporation. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by the Board of Directors.
Section 4.01. Generally
Section 4.02 . Subject to the provisions of these Bylaws and to the direction of the Board of Directors, the CEO of the Corporation shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties and have all powers that are commonly incident to the office of chief executive or that are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. He or she shall have power to sign all stock certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation that are authorized and shall have general supervision and direction of all of the duties, employees and agents of the Corporation.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Section 4.03. . Each President shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. A President may be designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the CEO in the event of the CEO's absence or disability.
President
Section 4.04. . Each Vice President shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors. A Vice President may be designated by the Board to perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President in the event of the President's absence or disability.
Vice President
. The CFO of the Corporation shall have the responsibility for maintaining the financial records of the Corporation. He or she shall render from time to time an account of the financial condition of the Corporation. The CFO shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe
Section 4.05. Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
 
Section 4.06. . The Treasurer shall have custody of all monies and securities of the Corporation. He or she shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.
Treasurer
Section 4.07. . The Secretary shall issue or cause to be issued all authorized notices for, and shall keep, or cause to be kept, minutes of, all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors. He or she shall have charge of the corporate books and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.
Secretary
Section 4.08. . The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof.
Delegation of Authority
Section 4.09. . Any officer of the Corporation may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors. Such removal shall be without prejudice to the contractual rights of such officer, if any, with the Corporation.
Removal
Section 5.01. . The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Every holder of stock represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President (or CEO) or a Vice President, and by the Treasurer (or CFO) or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, of the Corporation, certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile.
Certificates
Section 5.02. . The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or such owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate.
Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Stock Certificates; Issuance of New Certificates
Section 5.03. . The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of stock certificates shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish.
Other Regulations
Section 6.01. I. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a "proceeding"), by reason of the fact that he or she or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation (including any constituent corporation absorbed in a merger) or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation (including any such constituent corporation) as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, against all expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnity in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
ndemnification of Officers and Directors
 
Section 6.02. . The Corporation shall pay all expenses incurred by such a director or officer in defending any such proceeding as they are incurred in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that if the Delaware General Corporation Law then so requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of such proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined ultimately that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article 6 or otherwise; and provided further that the Corporation shall not be required to advance any expenses to a person against whom the Corporation brings a claim, in a proceeding, for breach of the duty of loyalty to the Corporation, for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law or for any transaction from which such person derived an improper personal benefit.
Advance of Expenses
Section 6.03. . The rights conferred on any person in this Article 6 shall not be exclusive of any other right that such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaw, agreement, vote or consent of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
Non-exclusivity of Rights
Section 6.04. . The Board of Directors is authorized to cause the Corporation to enter into a contract with any director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or any person serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including employee benefit plans, providing for indemnification rights equivalent to or, if the Board of Directors so determines, greater than, those provided for in this Article 6.
Indemnification of Contracts
Section 6.05. . The Corporation shall maintain insurance, at its expense, to the extent it determines such to be reasonably available, to protect itself, its officers and directors and any other persons the Board of Directors may select, against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Insurance
Section 6.06. . Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article 6 by the stockholders or the Directors of the Corporation shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any right or protection conferred on a person pursuant to this Article 6 and existing at the time of such amendment, repeal or modification.
Effect of Amendment
Section 7.01. . Except as otherwise specifically provided herein or required by law, all notices required to be given pursuant to these Bylaws shall be in writing and may in every instance be effectively given by hand delivery (including use of a courier service), by depositing such notice in the mail, postage prepaid, or by sending such notice by electronic transmission or facsimile. Any such notice shall be addressed to the person to whom notice is to be given at such persons address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. The notice shall be deemed given (i) in the case of hand delivery, when received by the person to whom notice is to be given or by any person accepting such notice on behalf of such person, (ii) in the case of delivery by mail, when deposited in the mail, and (iii) in the case of delivery via electronic delivery or facsimile, when dispatched.
Notice
Section 7.02. . Any written waiver of notice, signed by the person entitled to notice or a waiver by electronic transmission by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders, directors or members of a committee of directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice.
Waiver of Notice
 
Section 8.01. . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association or other organization in which one or more of its directors or officers are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board or committee thereof that authorizes the contract or transaction, or solely because his, her or their votes are counted for such purpose if: (i) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; (ii) the material facts as to his, her or their relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or (iii) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee that authorizes the contract or transaction.
Interest and Directors; Quorum
Section 9.01. . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.
Fiscal Year
Section 9.02. . The Board of Directors may provide for a corporate seal, which shall have the name of the Corporation inscribed thereon and shall otherwise be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Seal
Section 9.03. . Any records maintained by the Corporation in the regular course of its business, including its stock ledger, books of account and minute books, may be kept in electronic form or any other information storage device, provided that the records so kept can be converted into clearly legible form within a reasonable time. The Corporation shall so convert any records so kept upon the request of any person entitled to inspect the same.
Form of Records
Section 9.04. . A member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, or a member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or reports made to the Corporation by any of its officers, or by an independent certified public accountant, or by an appraiser selected with reasonable care by the Board of Directors or by any such committee, or in relying in good faith upon other records of the Corporation.
Reliance Upon Books and Records
Section 9.05. . In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation shall govern.
Certificate of Incorporation Governs
Section 9.06. . If any provision of these Bylaws shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation, then such provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the maximum extent possible consistent with such holding and the remaining provisions of these Bylaws (including without limitation, all portions of any section of these Bylaws containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation) that are not themselves invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the Certificate of Incorporation shall remain in full force and effect.
Severability
Section 9.07. . The sole and exclusive forum for any actual or purported derivative action brought on behalf of the Corporation shall be the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware.
Derivative Action
 
Section 10.01. . The stockholders of the Corporation shall have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws. The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws of the Corporation, except Bylaws adopted by the stockholders that specify that they cannot be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors.
Amendments
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060815214845.txt.gz
TIME:20060815214845
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 8  Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
          On August 14, 2006, Oracle agreed to invest approximately US$125 million in i-flex solutions limited ("i-flex") (Bombay Stock Exchange: IFLX.BO and National Stock Exchange of India: IFLX.NS) to fund growth initiatives, including i-flex's pending acquisition of Mantas, Inc.
          i-flex will issue approximately 4.45 million equity shares to Oracle under a preferential allotment at a purchase price of Rs. 1,307.50 per share. Upon completion of the preferential allotment, Oracle's ownership in i-flex is expected to increase from the current 52.5% to 55.1%. The preferential allotment is subject to approval by an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of i-flex shareholders to be held on Tuesday, September 12, 2006.
          As required by Indian law, following the preferential allotment, Oracle will be required to make a mandatory open offer to purchase up to an additional 20 percent of the shares outstanding from the remaining i-flex shareholders at a price of Rs. 1,475.00 per share. If the open offer is fully subscribed, the aggregate consideration for the open offer would be approximately $515 million.
          On August 14, 2006, Oracle issued a press release announcing its agreement to invest further in i-flex, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (d) Exhibits
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
Contacts:
 Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that it has agreed to invest US$125 million (approximately Rs. 5,815 million) in i-flex solutions (Bombay Stock Exchange: IFLX.BO and National Stock Exchange of India: IFLX.NS) to fund growth initiatives, including its pending acquisition of Mantas, Inc.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif. August 14, 2006
i-flex will issue approximately 4.45 million equity shares to Oracle under a preferential allotment. The price of the shares under the preferential allotment will be Rs. 1,307.50 per share, which is the floor price established by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) formula for a preferential allotment as of the reference date of August 13, 2006. Upon completion of the preferential allotment, Oracle's ownership in i-flex is expected to increase from the current 52.5% to 55.1%. An Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) of i-flex shareholders will be held on Tuesday, September 12 to approve the preferential allotment.
As required by Indian law, Oracle will make a mandatory open offer to purchase up to an additional 20 percent of the shares outstanding from the remaining i-flex shareholders at a price of Rs 1,475.00 per share in accordance with SEBI Regulations. The open offer price is based on the SEBI formula for the minimum price of the mandatory open offer.
DSP Merrill Lynch is acting as a manager of the open offer.
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, visit Oracle's Web site at http://www.oracle.com.
About Oracle
i-flex solutions (Reuters: IFLX.BO and IFLX.NS) is a world leader in providing IT solutions to the financial services industry. For more information about i-flex, visit the i-flex web site at http://www.iflexsolutions.com.
About i-flex solutions
Oracle, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft and Siebel are registered trademarks of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Trademarks
This press release is for information purposes and not an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell any shares. The details of the open offer to the public shareholders of i-flex will be made pursuant to a Letter of Offer addressed to each of the shareholders of i-flex. Shareholders of i-flex should read these materials carefully because they contain important information, including the terms and conditions of the offer.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060821142344.txt.gz
TIME:20060821142344
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1  Registrant's Business and Operations
Item 1.01 Entry Into a Material Definitive Agreement
On August 15, 2006, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved a cash payment of $42,400 to H. Raymond Bingham, a director of Oracle, for his service during fiscal year 2006 as Chair of the Nomination and Governance Committee (the "Governance Committee") of the Board of Directors.
Generally, under the Oracle Corporation Amended and Restated 1993 Directors' Stock Plan (the "Directors' Plan"), the Chair of the Governance Committee would receive an option to purchase 10,000 shares of our common stock on May 31
st
of each year, subject to having served on the Governance Committee for at least 12 months. Mr. Bingham became Chair of the Governance Committee on August 1, 2005, had served 10 months in this position during fiscal year 2006 and did not receive a stock option grant under the Directors' Plan for such service on May 31, 2006 since he had not been a member of the Governance Committee for at least 12 months on that date. Therefore, the Compensation Committee approved this cash payment to Mr. Bingham as compensation for his service during fiscal year 2006 as Chair of the Governance Committee.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060823171902.txt.gz
TIME:20060823171902
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5 - Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers.
Departure of Chief Accounting Officer
On August 18, 2006, Jennifer L. Minton, Oracle Corporation's Senior Vice President, Global Finance and Operations and the Company's chief accounting officer, informed the Company of her intention to step down from that role effective October 11, 2006 following the filing of our Form 10-Q for the first quarter of Fiscal Year 2007. She is retiring from the Company on November 30, 2006 after 17 years for personal reasons. Her resignation is not related to any disagreement with senior management or with the Company's accounting or operating policies. The Company has commenced a search for her replacement.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20060919162219.txt.gz
TIME:20060919162219
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Section 2Financial Information
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On September 19, 2006, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended August 31, 2006. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
 
 
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Immediate Release
 
 
 
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Sept. 19, 2006  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ-GS: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2007 Q1 GAAP earnings per share were up 28% to $0.13, compared to the same quarter last year. First quarter total GAAP revenues were up 30% to $3.6 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 29% to $670 million. Total GAAP software revenues were up 29% to $2.7 billion with database and middleware new license revenues up 15% and applications new license revenues up 80%. Services revenues were up 33% to $846 million, compared to the same quarter last year.
 
First quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 24% to $0.18, and non-GAAP net income was up 26% to $931 million, compared to the same quarter last year.
 
"We reported record revenues and earnings for the first quarter," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "We exceeded our guidance on every metric and delivered strong revenue growth across all product lines and geographies. We are now in year three of our five year plan targeting EPS growth at 20% per year. We continue to deliver results comfortably ahead of target."
 
"We're rapidly taking applications market share from SAP," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "Q1 was the second consecutive quarter that Oracle's applications new license sales growth was 80% or more. That's ten times SAP's 8% new license sales growth rate in their most recently completed quarter."
 
"SAP appears to be rethinking their strategy as they lose application market share to Oracle and confront the difficulties of moving their application software to a modern
Service Oriented Architecture (SOA)," said CEO, Larry Ellison. "They've just announced that they are delaying the next version of SAP applications until 2010. That's a full two years behind Oracle's scheduled delivery of our SOA Fusion applications. And now Kagermann is talking about an acquisition strategy to augment SAP's slowing organic growth. These are major changes in direction for SAP."
 
 
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit Oracle on the web at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
www.oracle.com/investor
 
Statements in this presentation relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing products. (4) We have an active acquisition program, and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this release is current as of the date of this presentation. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stock-based compensation expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2007 is recognized at fair value under FASB Statement 123R. Stock-based compensation expense in the first quarter of fiscal 2006 is recognized at intrinsic value under APB Opinion 25 and pertains only to unvested stock-options assumed from acquisitions.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
 
 
 
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effect:
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20061012134031.txt.gz
TIME:20061012134031
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1  Registrant's Business and Operations
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
Approval of Fiscal Year 2007 Executive Bonus Plan
At Oracle Corporation's 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on October 9, 2006 (the "2006 Annual Meeting"), our stockholders approved Oracle's Fiscal Year 2007 Executive Bonus Plan (the "Bonus Plan"). The Bonus Plan provides for the payment of cash bonuses to eligible senior officers based upon the attainment of certain performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee.
A description of the Bonus Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.28 to this report.
Approval of the Amended and Restated 1993 Directors' Stock Plan
At Oracle's 2006 Annual Meeting, our stockholders approved amendments to Oracle's Amended and Restated 1993 Directors' Stock Plan (as amended, the "Amended Directors' Stock Plan"). The amendments include:
 
 
 
 
The descriptions above are summaries of the amendments that were approved by stockholders, and are qualified in their entirety by the Amended Directors' Stock Plan which is filed as Exhibit 10.29 to this report.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.28
Description of the Fiscal Year 2007 Executive Bonus Plan
Participants in the Bonus Plan are chosen solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, our Presidents, all of our Executive Vice Presidents and certain of our Senior Vice Presidents are eligible to be considered for participation in the Bonus Plan. As of August 15, 2006, there were 12 persons chosen to participate for fiscal year 2007. No person is automatically entitled to participate in the Bonus Plan in any Bonus Plan year. We may also pay discretionary bonuses, or other types of compensation, outside the Bonus Plan which may or may not be deductible. However, no employee has a guaranteed right to such discretionary compensation as a substitute for a performance award in the event that performance targets are not met or that stockholders fail to approve the material terms of the Bonus Plan.
Eligibility.
The Compensation Committee approved the adoption of the Bonus Plan, which is part of the overall compensation program for our executives, at a meeting held on August 15, 2006.
History.
The purpose of the Bonus Plan is to motivate the participants to achieve our financial performance objectives and to reward them when those objectives are met with bonuses that are intended to be deductible to the maximum extent possible as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
Purpose.
The Bonus Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee, consisting of no fewer than two members of the Board, each of whom qualifies as an "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
Administration.
Under the Bonus Plan, participants will be eligible to receive awards based upon the attainment, in fiscal year 2007, and certification of certain performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. For fiscal year 2007:
Determination of Awards.
 
 
 
The Compensation Committee adopted the performance criteria on August 15, 2006, within 90 days after the start of fiscal year 2007. Each Sales and Consulting Participant's total bonus under the Bonus Plan is calculated by summing the applicable bonus for each target. For all participants, the applicable bonus for their target or targets is related to the amount by which each target is exceeded or missed. If the target bonus calculation results in a negative number, the bonus for such target is zero. The details of each of the formulas with respect to the criteria have not been included in this proxy statement in order to maintain the confidentiality of our revenue, profit and margin expectations, which we believe are confidential commercial or business information, the disclosure of which would adversely affect Oracle. In the event of the termination or resignation of a participant during fiscal year 2007, we intend to have the person who assumes the responsibilities of that participant assume the same bonus structure as that participant, but adjusted, as determined by the Compensation Committee, to take into account that such person did not serve in that capacity for the entire fiscal year.
All awards will be paid by August 15, 2007, unless a participant has requested to defer receipt of an award in accordance with the Oracle's Deferred Compensation Plan.
Payment of Awards.
The amounts that will be paid pursuant to the Bonus Plan are not currently determinable. The maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal year 2007 would be $11,269,000. The maximum bonus payment that any other participant may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal year 2007 is based on a fixed multiple of a target bonus for such participant and would be less than the maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan.
Maximum Award.
The Compensation Committee may terminate the Bonus Plan, in whole or in part, suspend the Bonus Plan, in whole or in part from time to time, and amend the Bonus Plan, from time to time, including the adoption of amendments deemed necessary or desirable to correct any defect or supply omitted data or reconcile any inconsistency in the Bonus Plan or in any award granted thereunder, so long as stockholder approval has been obtained, if required in order for awards under the Bonus Plan to qualify as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Compensation Committee may amend or modify the Bonus Plan in any respect, or terminate the Bonus Plan, without the consent of any affected participant. However, in no event may such amendment or modification result in an increase in the amount of compensation payable pursuant to any award.
Amendment and Termination.
In order to be eligible for an award under the Bonus Plan, a participant must be actively employed by us through the date of payment. Should a participant's employment with us terminate for any reason prior to the date of payment, the participant shall not be eligible for any award under the Bonus Plan.
Termination of Employment.
Under present federal income tax law, participants will realize ordinary income equal to the amount of the award received in the year of receipt. That income will be subject to applicable income and employment tax withholding by Oracle. We will receive a deduction for the amount constituting ordinary income to the participant, provided that the Bonus Plan satisfies the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, which limits the deductibility of nonperformance-related compensation paid to certain corporate executives, and otherwise satisfies the requirements for deductibility under federal income tax law.
Federal Income Tax Consequences.

Exhibit 10.29
 
 
 
 
As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject to the provisions of Section 12 of the Plan, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan after July 14, 2003 (including pursuant to the exercise of Options outstanding as of such date) is 8,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which not more than an aggregate of 1,800,000 Shares shall be available for Awards granted pursuant to Section 5(d) of the Plan. If an Award granted hereunder expires, terminates, becomes unexercisable or is forfeited for any reason, the underlying Shares shall become available for future grant under the Plan.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7. Awards hereunder may be granted only to Outside Directors. The Plan shall not confer upon any Outside Director any right with respect to continuation of service as a Director or nomination to serve as a Director, nor shall it interfere in any way with any rights which the Director or the Company may have to terminate his or her directorship at any time.
Eligibility.
8. Payment of the exercise price of any Award shall be made (i) by cash or check; (ii) to the extent not prohibited by the Board or by applicable law, and provided that a public market for the Company's stock exists, through a "same day sale" commitment from the Participant and a broker-dealer that is a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers (an "NASD Dealer") whereby Participant irrevocably elects to exercise the Award and to sell a portion of the Shares so purchased to pay for the exercise price and whereby the NASD Dealer irrevocably commits upon receipt of such Shares to forward the exercise price directly to the Company; or (iii) as otherwise determined by the Board and as permitted by applicable law or regulation.
Payment Upon Exercise.
9. Whenever, under the Plan, Shares are to be issued pursuant to any Award granted hereunder, the Company shall have the right to require the recipient to remit to the Company an amount of cash sufficient to satisfy any applicable federal, state or local income and employment tax withholding requirements prior to the delivery of any certificate or certificates for such Shares.
Withholding Taxes.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11. Awards granted under this Plan, and any interest therein, shall not be transferable or assignable by the Participant, and may not be made subject to execution, attachment or similar process, otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and shall be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant; provided, however; that Awards held by a Participant may be transferred to such family members, trusts and charitable institutions as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall approve, unless otherwise restricted from such transfer under the terms of the Award. The designation of a beneficiary by a Participant does not constitute a transfer.
Nontransferability of Awards.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14. Shares shall not be issued pursuant to any Award hereunder unless the issuance and delivery of such Shares shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, state securities laws, and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance.
Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares.
As a condition to the issuance of Shares pursuant to any Award, the Company may require the Participant to represent and warrant that the Shares are being acquired only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares, if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any of the relevant provisions of the law.
Inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdictional authority deemed by the Company's counsel to be necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder shall relieve the Company of any liability for failure to issue or sell such Shares.
15. The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan.
Reservation of Shares.
16. The grant of Awards hereunder to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall comply with the applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3. The Company intends this Plan to be a "formula plan" under Rule 16b-3 with respect to Awards granted hereunder.
Rule 16b-3.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20061218161234.txt.gz
TIME:20061218161234
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
Section 2Financial Information
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On December 18, 2006, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended November 30, 2006. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
 
 
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Immediate Release
 
 
 
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 18, 2006  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ-GS: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2007 Q2 GAAP earnings per share were up 20% to $0.18, compared to the same quarter last year. Second quarter total GAAP revenues were up 26% to $4.2 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 21% to $967 million. Total GAAP software revenues were up 23% to $3.2 billion with database and middleware new license revenues up 9% and applications new license revenues up 28%. Services revenues were up 41% to $949 million, compared to the same quarter last year.
 
Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 18% to $0.22, and non-GAAP net income was up 20% to $1.17 billion, compared to the same quarter last year.
 
"We delivered strong top line revenue growth along with solid earnings for the second quarter," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "We are now halfway through our five year plan targeting EPS growth at 20% per year. For the first two-and-a-half years we are comfortably ahead of that target."
 
"We continue to gain market share in applications from SAP, in middleware from BEA, and in database from IBM," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "In Q2 our middleware new license growth was exceptionally strong. We expect to pass BEA in total middleware new license sales later this year."
"Our applications acquisition strategy has strengthened our competitiveness in several industries including retail, banking, telecommunications and utilities," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "Now, the very first industry vertical we entered via acquisition, our retail software business, is beginning to see the benefits of operational integration with Oracle. In Q2, our retail new software license sales more than tripled. During the second half of the year the retail business unit expects to do even better. Eight of the top ten retailers in North America use Oracle retail software, only one uses SAP."
 
 
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit Oracle on the web at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
www.oracle.com/investor
 
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing products. (4) We have an active acquisition program, and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this release is current as of December 18, 2006. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
 
 
 
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effect:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070212214415.txt.gz
TIME:20070212214415
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 8  Other Events
  
Item 8.01 Other Events
     On August 14, 2006, Oracle announced a mandatory open offer to purchase up to 28,390,000 equity shares outstanding from the shareholders of i-flex solutions limited ("i-flex") (Bombay Stock Exchange: IFLX.BO and National Stock Exchange of India: IFLX.NS) for a total payment, as amended, of Rs. 2,100 per equity share. The mandatory open offer, as required by Indian law, followed a preferential allotment under which i-flex issued approximately 4.45 million equity shares to a subsidiary of Oracle.
     On February 10, 2007, in accordance with Indian law, Oracle issued a public announcement announcing the final results of this mandatory open offer. The public announcement is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
  
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
   (d) Exhibits
99.1     Public Announcement dated February 10, 2007.
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents
99.1     Public Announcement dated February 10, 2007.

 
Exhibit 99.1
This announcement is in continuation of and shall be read in conjunction with the original Public Announcement dated September 13, 2006 and the subsequent public announcements dated November 6, 2006, November 22, 2006, December 8, 2006, December 27, 2006 and January 4, 2007 (collectively the "PAs") and the Letter of Offer to the shareholders of i-flex Solutions Limited dated November 23, 2006 (the "Letter of Offer"), issued/sent by or on behalf of Oracle Global (Mauritius) Ltd. ("OGM"/the "Acquirer") and Oracle Corporation as the Person Acting in Concert with the Acquirer ("OC"/"PAC"), pursuant to Regulation 10 and 12 and in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 1997 and subsequent amendments thereto (the "SEBI (SAST) Regulations"). The details subsequent to the completion of the cash offer made vide the aforesaid PAs under the SEBI (SAST) regulations, by Acquirer along with PAC to acquire up to 28,390,000 fully paid up equity shares of face value Rs.5/- each of i-flex solutions limited ("i-flex"/ the "Target Company") representing 34.14% of the Emerging Voting Capital of the Company at an Offer Price of Rs.2,084.00 per fully paid up equity share along with interest of Rs.16.00 per fully paid up equity share, amounting to a total payment of Rs.2,100 per fully paid up equity share, are as under:
 
The Acquirer and the PAC accept full responsibility for the information contained in this Public Announcement. The Acquirer and the PAC are jointly and severally responsible for the fulfilment of each of their obligations in terms of the SEBI (SAST) Regulations.
Issued by the Manager to the Offer on behalf of the Acquirer and the PAC


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070306171642.txt.gz
TIME:20070306171642
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions:
Section 1  Registrant's Business and Operations
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
On February 28, 2007, Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Oracle"), Hyperion Solutions Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Hyperion") and Hotrod Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle ("Merger Subsidiary") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") pursuant to which, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions therein, Oracle will acquire Hyperion, a leading provider of performance management software solutions, for $52 per share, or approximately $3.3 billion.
The acquisition will be conducted by means of a tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of Hyperion, followed by a merger of Hyperion with Merger Subsidiary that will result in Hyperion becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle. Oracle expects to commence the tender offer promptly, and the merger is currently expected to be completed in April 2007.
The closing of the tender offer and the completion of the merger are subject to customary closing conditions, including, among others, the expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act and the receipt of any other antitrust or merger control approvals. In addition, Oracle's acceptance of the tendered shares is subject to Oracle's ownership, following such acceptance, of at least a majority of all then-outstanding shares of Hyperion common stock.
Directors and executive officers of Hyperion holding less than 1% of Hyperion's outstanding shares of common stock have agreed to tender their shares in connection with the tender offer, pursuant to a Tender and Support Agreement (the "Tender and Support Agreement") dated February 28, 2007 entered into with Oracle and Merger Subsidiary.
The Merger Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and our summary of the terms thereof have been filed as an exhibit to this Form 8-K to provide you with information regarding the terms of the agreements and are not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about Oracle or Hyperion in Oracle's public reports filed with the SEC. In particular, the Merger Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and related summary are not intended to be, and should not be relied upon as, disclosures regarding any facts and circumstances relating to Oracle and Hyperion. The representations and warranties have been negotiated with the principal purpose of establishing the circumstances in which a party may have the right not to close the tender offer if the representations and warranties of the other party prove to be untrue due to a change in circumstance or otherwise, and allocates risk between the parties, rather than establishing matters as facts. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Tender and Support Agreement does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such agreements, a copy of which is filed, respectively, as Exhibit 2.1 and Exhibit 2.2 hereto and are incorporated herein by reference.
Section 8  Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
On March 1, 2007, Oracle Corporation announced that it has agreed to buy Hyperion, a leading provider of performance management software solutions, for $52 per share, or approximately $3.3 billion.
A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
     
(c) Exhibits
Important Information
THIS FILING IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL ANY SECURITIES. THE SOLICITATION AND THE OFFER TO BUY SHARES OF HYPERION'S COMMON STOCK WILL ONLY BE MADE PURSUANT TO AN OFFER TO PURCHASE AND RELATED MATERIALS THAT ORACLE INTENDS TO FILE WITH THE SEC. ONCE FILED, HYPERION STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD READ THESE MATERIALS CAREFULLY PRIOR TO MAKING ANY DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER. ONCE FILED, HYPERION STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE ABLE TO OBTAIN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND RELATED MATERIALS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER FREE OF CHARGE AT THE SEC'S WEBSITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV, FROM THE INFORMATION AGENT NAMED IN THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS OR FROM ORACLE.
     
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Exhibit 2.1
 
 
     
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this "
Agreement
") dated as of February 28, 2007 among Hyperion Solutions Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "
Company
"), Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("
Parent
"), and Hotrod Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("
Merger Subsidiary
").
     
WHEREAS, it is proposed that Merger Subsidiary shall commence a tender offer (as it may be amended from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, the "
Offer
") to purchase all of the outstanding shares (the "
Company Shares
") of Company Common Stock (as defined herein), including the associated Company Rights (but excluding any Company Restricted Shares, each as defined herein), at a price of $52.00 per share (such amount, or any different amount per share offered pursuant to the Offer in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the "
Offer Price
"), on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;
     
WHEREAS, it is also proposed that, following the consummation of the Offer, Merger Subsidiary will merge with and into the Company with the Company surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the "
Merger
"), and each Company Share that is not tendered and accepted pursuant to the Offer will thereupon be canceled and converted into the right to receive cash in an amount equal to the Offer Price, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein;
     
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of each of the Company, Parent and Merger Subsidiary have approved this Agreement and deems it advisable and in the best interests of their respective stockholders to consummate the Offer, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and
     
WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to Parent's and Merger Subsidiary's willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company are entering into a Tender and Support Agreement substantially in the form attached as
Exhibit A
(the "
Tender and Support Agreement
").
     
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows:
     
Section 1.01
. Definitions.
(a) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings:
     
"
Acquisition Proposal
" means, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any offer, proposal, inquiry or indication of interest relating to any transaction or series of related transactions involving (i) any acquisition or purchase by any Third Party, directly or indirectly, of 15% or more of any class of outstanding voting or equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company, or any tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any Third Party beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of outstanding voting or equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company, (ii) any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, share exchange, business combination or other similar transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company pursuant to which the shareholders of the Company immediately preceding such transaction hold, directly or indirectly, less than 85% of the equity interests in the surviving or resulting entity of such transaction, (iii) any sale, lease (other than in the ordinary course of business), exchange, transfer, license (other than in the ordinary course of business), acquisition or disposition of 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company (measured by the lesser of book or fair market value thereof), or (iv) any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization, extraordinary dividend or other significant corporate reorganization of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company.
     
"
Affiliate
" means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such Person. As used in this definition, the term "control" (including the terms "controlling," "controlled by" and "under common control with") means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
     
"
Applicable Law
" means, with respect to any Person, any international, national, federal, state or local law (statutory, common or otherwise), constitution, treaty, convention, ordinance, code, rule or regulation enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Authority that is binding upon or applicable to such Person.
     
"
Business Day
" means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by Applicable Law to close.
     
"
Closing Date
" means the date of Closing.
     
"
Code
" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
     
"
Company Balance Sheet
" means the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2006 and the footnotes thereto set forth in the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2006.
     
"
Company Balance Sheet Date
" means December 31, 2006.
     
"
Company Board
" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
     
"
Company Common Stock
" means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.
     
"
Company Disclosure Schedule
" means the disclosure schedule dated the date hereof regarding this Agreement that has been provided by the Company to Parent and Merger Subsidiary.
     
"
Company IP
" means all Intellectual Property Rights owned or exclusively controlled by the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries.
     
"
Company Material Adverse Effect
" means a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any such effect resulting from or arising out of (A) any adverse effect (including any loss of or adverse change in the relationship of the Company and its Subsidiaries with their respective employees, customers, distributors, licensors, partners, suppliers or similar relationship) arising out of or related to the announcement, pendency or consummation of the Offer or the Merger, (B) general economic, market or political conditions (including acts of terrorism or war or other
force majeure
events) that do not disproportionately affect the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (C) general conditions in the industry in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate that do not disproportionately affect the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (D) any changes (after the date hereof) in GAAP or Applicable Law, (E) any failure of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to take any action as a result of Parent's refusal to grant its consent to such action pursuant to Section 7.01, (F) any failure of the Company to meet internal or analysts' expectations or projections (it being understood that, except as set forth in clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (G) or (H) of this definition, any cause of any such failure may be deemed to constitute, in and of itself, a Company Material Adverse Effect and may be taken into consideration when determining whether a Company
Material Adverse Effect has occurred), (G) any Proceeding made or brought by any holder of Company Shares (on any holder's own behalf or on behalf of the Company) arising out of or related to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby (including the Offer and the Merger), or (H) any information or adverse effect arising out of or related to compliance with Section 7.09.
     
"
Company Restricted Share
" means a restricted share of Company Common Stock issued pursuant to any of the Company Stock Plans that remains unvested.
     
"
Company Restricted Share Unit
" means a deferred share unit or restricted stock unit granted pursuant to any of the Company Stock Plans pursuant to which any Company Common Stock remains unissued or unvested.
     
"
Company Rights
" means the preferred stock purchase rights issued pursuant to the Company Rights Agreement.
     
"
Company Rights Agreement
" means the Rights Agreement dated as of June 15, 1998 between the Company and Equiserve Trust Company, N.A. (f.k.a. Bank Boston, N.A.), as Rights Agent thereunder.
     
"
Company Software Products
" means (i) all software products sold or offered for sale by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) all other software products proprietary to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are used in the conduct of their respective businesses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term "Company Software Products" shall not include any third party software sold by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on a stand-alone basis.
     
"
Contract
" means any contract, agreement, note, bond, indenture, mortgage, guarantee, option, lease, license, sales or purchase order, warranty, commitment or other instrument, obligation or binding arrangement or understanding of any kind.
     
"
Delaware Law
" means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
     
"
Environmental Law
" means any Applicable Law or any binding agreement with any Governmental Authority governing or relating to the environment or Hazardous Substances (including as such matters relate to human health and safety).
     
"
ERISA
" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
     
"
ERISA Affiliate
" of any entity means any other entity that, together with such entity, would be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.
     
"
GAAP
" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
     
"
Governmental Authority
" means (i) any government or any state, department, local authority or other political subdivision thereof, (ii) any governmental body, agency, authority (including any central bank, Taxing Authority or transgovernmental or supranational entity or authority), minister or instrumentality (including any court or tribunal) exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, or (iii) Nasdaq.
     
"
Governmental Authorizations
" means, with respect to any Person, all licenses, permits (including construction permits), certificates, waivers, consents, franchises, exemptions, variances, expirations and terminations of any waiting period requirements and other authorizations and approvals issued to such Person by or obtained by such Person from any Governmental Authority, or of which such Person has the benefit under any Applicable Law.
     
"
Hazardous Substance
" means any pollutant, contaminant, waste or chemical or any toxic, radioactive, ignitable, corrosive, reactive or otherwise hazardous substance, waste or material, or any substance, waste or material having any constituent elements displaying any of the foregoing characteristics, regulated under any Environmental Law.
     
"
HSR Act
" means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.
     
"
Indebtedness
" means, collectively, any (i) indebtedness for borrowed money, (ii) indebtedness evidenced by any bond, debenture, note, mortgage, indenture or other debt instrument or debt security, (iii) amounts owing as deferred purchase price for the purchase of any property (other than trade payables and other current liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business), or (iv) guarantees with respect to any indebtedness or obligation of a type described in clauses (i) through (iii) above of any other Person;
provided, however
, that Indebtedness shall not include any inter-company indebtedness between the Company and any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries or between any of the Company's wholly-owned Subsidiaries.
     
"
Intellectual Property Rights
" means all worldwide rights in (i) inventions, whether or not patentable, (ii) patents and patent applications, (iii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, Internet domain names and trade names, whether or not registered, and all goodwill associated therewith, (iv) rights of publicity and other rights to use the names and likeness of individuals, (v) copyrights, rights in databases and related rights, whether or not registered, (vi) mask works, (vii) computer software, data, databases, files, and documentation and other materials related to the foregoing, (viii) trade secrets and confidential, technical and business information, (ix) all rights to any of the foregoing provided by bilateral or international treaties or conventions, (x) all other intellectual property or proprietary rights, and (xi) all rights to sue or
recover and retain damages and costs and attorneys' fees for past, present and future infringement or misappropriation of any of the foregoing.
     
"
IT Assets
" means all computers, computer software, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers, hubs, switches, data communications lines, and all other information technology equipment, and all associated documentation owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or licensed or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to written agreement (excluding any public networks).
     
"
Lien
" means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, encumbrance, claim, infringement, interference, right of first refusal, preemptive right, community property right or other adverse claim of any kind in respect of such property or asset (but excluding (i) licenses and other agreements related to Intellectual Property Rights which are not intended to secure an obligation, (ii) any obligation to accept returns of inventory, and (iii) any obligation arising by reason of restrictions on transfer under federal, state and foreign securities laws). For purposes of this Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien, any property or asset that it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such property or asset.
     
"
Nasdaq
" means The Nasdaq Stock Market.
     
"
1933 Act
" means the Securities Act of 1933.
     
"
1934 Act
" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
     
"
Order
" means, with respect to any Person, any order, injunction, judgment, decree or ruling enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Authority or arbitrator that is binding upon or applicable to such Person or its property.
     
"
Parent Stock
" means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent.
     
"
Permitted Liens
" means (i) Liens disclosed on the Company Balance Sheet, (ii) Liens for Taxes not yet due or being contested in good faith by any appropriate Proceedings (and for which adequate accruals or reserves have been established on the Company Balance Sheet), and (iii) Liens (other than those securing Indebtedness) incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice which do not materially interfere with any present use of the property or assets to which such Lien relates.
     
"
Person
" means any individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including any Governmental Authority.
     
"
Proceeding
" means any suit, claim, action, litigation, arbitration, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate proceeding), hearing, audit, review, examination or investigation commenced, brought, conducted or heard by or before, any court or other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator or arbitration panel (but excluding non-
inter-partes
, normal course prosecution proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, U.S. Copyright Office and other IP registries).
     
"
Registered IP"
means all U.S., international and foreign (i) patents and patent applications (including provisional applications and design patents and applications) and all reissues, divisions, divisionals, renewals, extensions, counterparts, continuations and continuations-in-part thereof, and all patents, applications, documents and filings claiming priority thereto or serving as a basis for priority thereof, (ii) registered trademarks, service marks, applications to register trademarks, applications to register service marks, including intent-to-use applications, (iii) registered copyrights and applications for copyright registration, (iv) domain name registrations and Internet number assignments, and (v) other Intellectual Property Rights that are the subject of an application, certificate, filing, or registration issued or filed with, any Governmental Authority, in the case of each of clauses (i)-(v) above, owned by, under obligation of assignment to, or filed in the name of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
     
"
Representatives
" means, with respect to any Person, the directors, officers, employees, financial advisors, attorneys, accountants, consultants, agents and other authorized representatives of such Person, acting in such capacity.
     
"
Sarbanes-Oxley Act
" means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
     
"
SEC
" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
     
"
Subsidiary
" means, with respect to any Person, any entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at any time directly or indirectly owned by such Person.
     
"
Superior Proposal
" means any
bona fide
, written Acquisition Proposal which did not result from a breach of Section 7.03 made by a Third Party which, if consummated, would result in such Third Party (or in the case of a direct merger between such Third Party or any Subsidiary of such Third Party and the Company, the stockholders of such Third Party) owning, directly or indirectly, all of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and which Acquisition Proposal the Company Board determines in good faith by a majority
vote, after considering the advice of its outside legal counsel and of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and taking into account all of the terms and conditions of such Acquisition Proposal, including any break-up fees, expense reimbursement provisions and other conditions to consummation, (i) is more favorable and provides greater value to the Company's stockholders (other than Parent and its Affiliates) than as provided hereunder (including any changes to the terms of this Agreement or the Offer proposed by Parent in response to such Superior Proposal or otherwise), (ii) is not subject to any financing condition (and if financing is required, such financing is then fully committed to the Third Party or reasonably determined to be available by the Company Board), and (iii) is reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed without unreasonable delay, taking into account all financial, legal, regulatory and other aspects of such Acquisition Proposal.
     
"
Third Party
" means any Person or "group" as defined in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act, other than Parent or any of its Affiliates or Representatives.
     
(b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term:
reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof. References to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules are to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified. All Exhibits and Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit or Schedule but not otherwise defined therein, shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular. Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation", whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. "Writing", "written" and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any agreement or contract are to that agreement or contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof;
provided
that with respect to any agreement or contract listed on any schedules hereto, all such amendments, modifications or supplements must also be listed. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References to any statute are to that statute, as amended from time to time, and to the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. References to "$" and "dollars" are to the currency of the United States. References from or through any date mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. References to a party's "knowledge" are references to the actual knowledge of (i) the current executive officers of that party and (ii) with respect to the Company, the employees of the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries listed on Section 1.02 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, to the extent any such employee is not an executive officer of the Company.
     
Section 2.01
. The Offer.
(a)
Provided
that nothing shall have occurred that, had the Offer been commenced, would give rise to a right to terminate the Offer pursuant to any of the conditions set forth in
Annex I
, as promptly as practicable after the date hereof (and in any event no later than five Business Days after the date hereof), Merger Subsidiary shall, and Parent shall cause Merger Subsidiary to, commence (within the meaning of Rule 14d-2 under the 1934 Act) the Offer. The Offer shall be subject to the condition that there shall be validly tendered in accordance with the terms of the Offer, prior to the scheduled expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended hereunder) and not withdrawn, a number of Company Shares that, together with the Company Shares then directly or indirectly owned by Parent, represents at least a majority of all Company Shares then outstanding (the "
Minimum Condition
") and to the other conditions set forth in
Annex I
. Merger Subsidiary expressly reserves the right to waive any
of the conditions to the Offer and to make any change in the terms of or conditions to the Offer;
provided
that unless otherwise provided by this Agreement or previously approved by the Company in writing, (i) the Minimum Condition may not be waived, (ii) no change may be made that changes the form of consideration to be paid pursuant to the Offer, decreases the Offer Price or the number of Company Shares sought in the Offer, imposes conditions to the Offer in addition to those set forth in
Annex I
, or otherwise amends or modifies the Offer in any manner materially adverse to the holders of Company Shares, and (iii) the Offer may not be extended except as set forth in this Section 2.01(a) . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Offer shall expire at midnight, New York City time, on the date that is 20 Business Days (for this purpose calculated in accordance with Section 14d-1(g)(3) under the 1934 Act) after the date that the Offer is commenced. Merger Subsidiary shall extend the Offer (1) if, at the scheduled or extended expiration date of the Offer, any of the conditions to the Offer shall not have been satisfied or waived, from time to time, until the earliest to occur of (x) the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions, (y) the reasonable determination by Parent that any such condition to the Offer is not capable of being satisfied on or prior to the End Date,
provided
that the inability to satisfy such condition does not result from any breach of any provision of this Agreement by Parent or Merger Subsidiary, and (z) the End Date, and (2) for any period required by any rule, regulation, interpretation or position of the SEC or the staff thereof applicable to the Offer or any period required by Applicable Law. Following expiration of the Offer, Merger Subsidiary may, in its sole discretion, provide one or more subsequent offering periods (each, a "
Subsequent Offering Period
") in accordance with Rule 14d-11 of the 1934 Act, if, as of the commencement of each such period, there shall not have been validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer and any prior Subsequent Offering Period that number of Company Shares necessary to permit the Merger to be effected without a meeting of stockholders of the Company, in accordance with Section 253(a) of Delaware Law. Subject to the foregoing, including the requirements of Rule 14d-11, and upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, Merger Subsidiary shall, and Parent shall cause Merger Subsidiary to, accept for payment and pay for, as promptly as practicable, all Company Shares (A) validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer after the final expiration of the Offer and/or (B) validly tendered in any Subsequent Offering Period. The Offer Price payable in respect of each Company Share validly tendered and not withdrawn pursuant to the Offer or validly tendered in any Subsequent Offering Period shall be paid net to the holder thereof in cash, subject to reduction for any applicable withholding Taxes.
     
(b) As soon as practicable on the date of commencement of the Offer, Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall (i) file with the SEC a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO with respect to the Offer (together with all amendments and supplements thereto and including exhibits thereto, the "
Schedule TO
") that shall include the summary term sheet required thereby and, as exhibits or incorporated by reference thereto, the Offer to Purchase and forms of letter of transmittal and
summary advertisement, if any, in respect of the Offer (collectively, together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the "
Offer Documents
"), and (ii) cause the Offer Documents to be disseminated to holders of Company Shares. The Company shall promptly furnish to Parent and Merger Subsidiary in writing all information concerning the Company that may be required by applicable securities laws or reasonably requested by Parent or Merger Subsidiary for inclusion in the Schedule TO or the Offer Documents. Each of Parent, Merger Subsidiary and the Company agrees promptly to correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule TO and the Offer Documents if and to the extent that such information shall have become false or misleading in any material respect. Parent and Merger Subsidiary agree to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule TO as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and the Offer Documents as so corrected to be disseminated to holders of Company Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable U.S. federal securities laws. The Company and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule TO and the Offer Documents each time before any such document is filed with the SEC, and Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall give reasonable and good faith consideration to any comments made by the Company and its counsel. Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall promptly provide the Company and its counsel with (A) any comments or other communications, whether written or oral, that Parent, Merger Subsidiary or their counsel may receive from time to time from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule TO or Offer Documents promptly after receipt of those comments or other communications, and (B) a reasonable opportunity to participate in the response of Parent and Merger Subsidiary to those comments and to provide comments on that response (to which reasonable and good faith consideration shall be given), including by participating with Parent and Merger Subsidiary or their counsel in any discussions or meetings with the SEC.
     
Section 2.02.
Company Action
. (a)(i) The Company hereby consents to the Offer and represents that at a meeting duly called and held prior to the execution of this Agreement at which all directors of the Company were present, the Company Board duly and unanimously adopted resolutions (A) declaring that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, are fair to and in the best interests of the Company's stockholders, (B) approving and declaring advisable this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Offer and the Merger, (C) approving and adopting an amendment to the Company Rights Agreement to render the Company Rights inapplicable to this Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the Offer and the Merger, and (D) recommending that the Company's stockholders accept the Offer, tender their Company Shares to Merger Subsidiary pursuant to the Offer and grant the Stockholder Approval (such recommendation, the "
Board Recommendation
"). (ii) The Company hereby consents to the inclusion of the foregoing determinations and approvals in the Offer Documents and, to the extent that no Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred in accordance with
Section 7.03(b), the Company hereby consents to the inclusion of the Board Recommendation in the Offer Documents. The Company shall promptly furnish Parent with a list of its stockholders, mailing labels and any available listing or computer file containing the names and addresses of all record holders of Company Shares and lists of securities positions of Company Shares held in stock depositories, in each case true and correct as of the most recent practicable date, and shall provide to Parent such additional information (including updated lists of stockholders, mailing labels and lists of securities positions) and such other assistance as Parent may reasonably request in connection with the Offer. Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall treat the information contained in such labels, listing or files and any additional information referred to in the preceding sentence in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement.
     
(b) As soon as practicable on the day that the Offer is commenced, the Company shall file with the SEC and disseminate to holders of Company Shares, in each case, as and to the extent required by applicable U.S. federal securities laws, a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the "") that, subject to Section 7.03(b), shall reflect the Board Recommendation. Each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall promptly furnish to the Company in writing all information concerning Parent and Merger Subsidiary that may be required by applicable securities laws or reasonably requested by the Company for inclusion in the Schedule 14D
Schedule 14D-9
9. Each of the Company, Parent and Merger Subsidiary agrees promptly to correct any information provided by it for use in the Schedule 14D-9 if and to the extent that it shall have become false or misleading in any material respect. The Company agrees to take all steps necessary to cause the Schedule 14D-9 as so corrected to be filed with the SEC and to be disseminated to holders of Company Shares, in each case as and to the extent required by applicable U.S. federal securities laws. Parent and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Schedule 14D-9 each time before it is filed with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable and good faith consideration to any comments made by Parent, Merger Subsidiary and their counsel. The Company shall promptly provide Parent, Merger Subsidiary and their counsel with (i) any comments or other communications, whether written or oral, that Parent, Merger Subsidiary or their counsel may receive from time to time from the SEC or its staff with respect to the Schedule 14D-9 promptly after receipt of those comments or other communications, and (ii) a reasonable opportunity to participate in the Company's response to those comments and to provide comments on that response (to which reasonable and good faith consideration shall be given), including by participating with the Company or its counsel in any discussions or meetings with the SEC.
     
Section 2.03.
Directors
. (a) Effective upon the acceptance for payment of any Company Shares pursuant to the Offer, Parent shall be entitled to designate the number of directors, rounded up to the next whole number, on the Company Board that equals the product of (x) the total number of directors on the Company
Board (giving effect to the election of any additional directors pursuant to this Section), and (y) the percentage that the number of Company Shares beneficially owned by Parent and/or Merger Subsidiary (including Company Shares accepted for payment) bears to the total number of Company Shares outstanding, and the Company shall take all action necessary to cause Parent's designees to be elected or appointed to the Company Board, including increasing the number of directors, and seeking and accepting resignations of incumbent directors. At such time, the Company shall take all action necessary to cause individuals designated by Parent to constitute the number of members, rounded up to the next whole number, on (i) each committee of the Company Board and (ii) each board of directors of each Subsidiary of the Company (and each committee thereof) that represents the same percentage as such individuals represent on the Company Board, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, until Parent and/or Merger Subsidiary acquires a majority of the outstanding Company Shares on a fully diluted basis, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that all of the members of the Company Board and such committees and boards as of the date hereof who are not employees of the Company shall remain members of the Company Board and such committees and boards.
     
(b) The Company's obligations to appoint Parent's designees to the Company Board shall be subject to Section 14(f) of the 1934 Act and Rule 14f-1 promulgated thereunder. The Company shall promptly take all actions, and shall include in the Schedule 14D-9 such information with respect to the Company and its officers and directors, as Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1 require in order to fulfill its obligations under this Section. Parent shall supply to the Company in writing any information with respect to itself and its nominees, officers, directors and affiliates required by Section 14(f) and Rule 14f-1.
     
(c) Following the election or appointment of Parent's designees pursuant to Section 2.03(a) and until the Effective Time, the approval of a majority of the directors of the Company then in office who were not designated by Parent (the "
Continuing Directors
") (or the approval of the sole Continuing Director if there shall be only one Continuing Director) shall be required to authorize (and such authorization shall constitute the authorization of the Company Board and no other action on the part of the Company, including any action by any other director of the Company, shall be required to authorize) any termination of this Agreement by the Company, any amendment of this Agreement, including any decrease in or change of form of the Merger Consideration, any extension of time for performance of any obligation or action hereunder by Parent or Merger Subsidiary, any waiver of compliance with any of the agreements or conditions contained herein for the benefit of the Company, and any amendment or change to Section 8.03. Following the election or appointment of Parent's designees pursuant to Section 2.03(a) and until the Effective Time, any actions with respect to the enforcement of this Agreement by the Company shall be effected only by the action of a majority of the Continuing Directors (or
the approval of the sole Continuing Director if there shall be only one Continuing Director).
     
Section 2.04(a) The Company hereby irrevocably grants to Merger Subsidiary an option (the ""), exercisable upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 2.04, to purchase that number of Company Shares (the "") equal to the lowest number of Company Shares that, when added to the number of Company Shares directly or indirectly owned by Parent at the time of such exercise, shall constitute one share more than 90% of the Company Shares then outstanding (taking into account the issuance of the 90% Top
. 90% Top-Up Option.
90% Top Up Option
90% Top Up Option Shares
Up Option Shares) at a price per share equal to the Offer Price;
provided
that in no event shall the 90% Top-Up Option be exercisable for a number of Company Shares (i) that would require the Company to obtain stockholder approval under Applicable Law, or (ii) in excess of the Company's then authorized and unissued shares of Company Common Stock (giving effect to Company Shares reserved for issuance under the Company Stock Plans as if such shares were outstanding).
     
(b) Merger Subsidiary may exercise the 90% Top
Up Option, in whole
but not in part, at any time after the consummation of the Offer and prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the Effective Time and (ii) the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms.
     
(c) Parent and Merger Subsidiary acknowledge that the Company Shares which Merger Subsidiary may acquire upon exercise of the 90% Top
Up
Option will not be registered under the 1933 Act and will be issued in reliance upon an exemption thereunder for transactions not involving a public offering. Parent and Merger Subsidiary represent and warrant to the Company that Merger Subsidiary is, or will be upon the purchase of the 90% Top
Up Option Shares, an
"accredited investor", as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the 1933 Act. Merger Subsidiary agrees that the 90% Top
Up Option and the
90% Top
Up
Option Shares to be acquired upon exercise of the 90% Top
Up Option are being
and will be acquired by Merger Subsidiary for the purpose of investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof (within the meaning of the 1933 Act).
     
Section 3.01
. The Closing.
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the closing of the Merger (the "
Closing
") will take place at 10:00 a.m., San Francisco time, as soon as practicable (and, in any event, within two Business Days) after satisfaction or, to the extent permitted hereunder, waiver of all conditions to the Merger set forth in Article 10 (excluding conditions that, by their terms, are satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted hereunder) of such conditions), unless this Agreement has
been terminated pursuant to its terms or unless another time or date is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. The Closing shall be held at the offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell, 1600 El Camino Real, Menlo Park, California 94025, unless another place is agreed to by the parties hereto.
     
Section 3.02
. The Merger.
(a) As soon as practicable after satisfaction or, to the extent permitted hereunder, waiver of all conditions to the Merger, the Company and Merger Subsidiary shall file a certificate of merger (the "
Merger Certificate
") with the Delaware Secretary of State and make all other filings or recordings required by Delaware Law in connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at such time (the "
Effective Time
") as the Merger Certificate is duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of State or at such later time as is specified in the Merger Certificate.
     
(b) At the Effective Time, Merger Subsidiary shall be merged with and into the Company in accordance with Delaware Law, whereupon the separate existence of Merger Subsidiary shall cease, and the Company shall be the surviving corporation (the "
Surviving Corporation
"). From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall possess all the rights, powers, privileges and franchises and be subject to all of the obligations, liabilities, restrictions and disabilities of the Company and Merger Subsidiary, all as provided under Delaware Law.
     
Section 3.03.
Conversion of Shares.
At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof:
     
(a) except as otherwise provided in Sections 3.03(b), 3.03(c), 3.05 or 3.06(b), each Company Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (together with the Company Rights attached to each such share) shall be converted into the right to receive $52.00 in cash or any different amount as may have been paid per Company Share in the Offer, without interest (the "
Merger Consideration
");
     
(b) each Company Share held by the Company as treasury stock or owned by Parent or Merger Subsidiary (whether pursuant to the Offer or otherwise) immediately prior to the Effective Time (together with the Company Rights attached to each such share) shall be canceled, and no payment shall be made with respect thereto;
     
(c) each Company Share held by any Subsidiary of either the Company or Parent (other than Merger Subsidiary) immediately prior to the Effective Time (together with the Company Rights attached to each such share) shall be converted into such number of shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Surviving Corporation such that each such Subsidiary owns the same percentage of Surviving Corporation immediately following the Effective Time as such Subsidiary owned in the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time; and
     
(d) each share of common stock of Merger Subsidiary outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into and become one share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Surviving Corporation with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and (in addition to shares referred to in Section 3.03(c)) shall constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.
     
Section 3.04
. Surrender and Payment.
(a) Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall appoint an exchange agent reasonably acceptable to the Company (the "
Exchange Agent
") for the purpose of exchanging for the Merger Consideration (i) certificates representing Company Shares (the "
Certificates
") and (ii) uncertificated Company Shares (the "
Uncertificated Shares
"). Promptly after the Effective Time, Parent shall pay to the Exchange Agent, the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the Certificates and the Uncertificated Shares. Promptly after the Effective Time (but in no event later than five Business Days after the Effective Time), Parent shall send, or shall cause the Exchange Agent to send, to each record holder of Company Shares at the Effective Time a letter of transmittal and instructions (which shall specify that the delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates or transfer of the Uncertificated Shares to the Exchange Agent) for use in such exchange.
     
(b) Each holder of Company Shares that have been converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration shall be entitled to receive the Merger Consideration in respect of the Company Common Stock represented by a Certificate or Uncertificated Share, upon (i) surrender to the Exchange Agent of a Certificate, together with a properly completed letter of transmittal, or (ii) receipt of an "agent's message" by the Exchange Agent (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Exchange Agent may reasonably request) in the case of a book-entry transfer of Uncertificated Shares. Until so surrendered or transferred, as the case may be, each such Certificate or Uncertificated Share shall represent after the Effective Time for all purposes only the right to receive such Merger Consideration.
     
(c) If any portion of the Merger Consideration is to be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered Certificate or the transferred Uncertificated Share is registered, it shall be a condition to such payment that (i) either such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or shall otherwise be in proper form for transfer or such Uncertificated Share shall be properly transferred, and (ii) the Person requesting such payment shall pay to the Exchange Agent any transfer or other Tax required as a result of such payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or Uncertificated Share or establish to the satisfaction of the Exchange Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.
     
(d) After the Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of transfers of Company Shares. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates or Uncertificated Shares are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be
canceled and exchanged for the Merger Consideration provided for, and in accordance with the procedures set forth, in this Article 3.
     
(e) Any portion of the Merger Consideration paid to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 3.04(a) (and any interest or other income earned thereon) that remains unclaimed by holders of Company Shares six months after the Effective Time shall be returned to Parent, upon demand, and any such holder who has not exchanged such Company Shares for the Merger Consideration in accordance with this Section 3.04 prior to that time shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of the Merger Consideration in respect of such Company Shares without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent shall not be liable to any holder of Company Shares for any amounts paid to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.
     
(f) Any portion of the Merger Consideration paid to the Exchange Agent pursuant to Section 3.04(a) in respect of any Dissenting Shares shall be returned to Parent, upon demand.
     
Section 3.05
. Dissenting Shares.
Notwithstanding Section 3.03, any Company Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (together with the Company Rights attached to each such share) (collectively, the "
Dissenting Shares
") held by a holder who has not voted in favor of adoption of this Agreement or the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has demanded appraisal for such Company Shares in accordance with Delaware Law shall not be converted into a right to receive the Merger Consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or otherwise loses the right to appraisal. If, after the Effective Time, such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or loses the right to appraisal, such Company Shares (together with the Company Rights attached to each such share) shall be treated as if they had been converted as of the Effective Time into a right to receive the Merger Consideration. The Company shall give Parent prompt notice of any demands received by the Company for appraisal of Company Shares, and Parent shall have the right to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. Except with the prior written consent of Parent, the Company shall not make any payment with respect to, or offer to settle or settle, any such demands.
     
Section 3.06
. Company Stock Options; Restricted Share Awards; ESPP.
(a) Effective as of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof, each option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock, other than pursuant to the Company's Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "
Company ESPP
"), (each, a "
Company Stock Option
") outstanding under any stock option or equity compensation plan or agreement (the "
Company Stock Plans
") that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether or not then vested or exercisable, shall be converted automatically at the Effective Time into an option to acquire shares of Parent Stock, on substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Stock Option (including vesting schedule and any acceleration of
vesting, pursuant to any Company Employee Plan as in effect on the date hereof and set forth on Section 5.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule), except that (i) the number of shares of Parent Stock subject to each such Company Stock Option shall be determined by multiplying the number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Company Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time by a fraction (the "
Option Exchange Ratio
"), the numerator of which is the per share Merger Consideration and the denominator of which is the average closing price of Parent Stock on Nasdaq over the ten trading days immediately preceding (but not including) the Closing Date (rounded down to the nearest whole share) and (ii) the exercise price per share of Parent Stock subject to each such Company Stock Option (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) shall equal (x) the per share exercise price for the shares of Company Common Stock otherwise purchasable pursuant to such Company Stock Option immediately prior to the Effective Time
divided by
(y) the Option Exchange Ratio. As soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective Time (and in no event later than 15 Business Days after the Effective Time), Parent shall deliver to each holder of a Company Stock Option an appropriate notice setting forth the terms of such assumption and conversion. With respect to any Company Stock Option that is an incentive stock option (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) immediately prior to the Effective Time, the parties hereto intend that such assumption and conversion, to the extent reasonably practicable, shall conform to the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code.
     
(b) Effective as of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof, (i) each Company Restricted Share outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (together with the Company Rights attached to each such share) shall be converted automatically into that number of restricted shares of Parent Stock (") equal to the Option Exchange Ratio (rounded down to the nearest whole share in respect of the aggregate number of Parent Restricted Shares into which the aggregate number of Company Restricted Shares owned by each holder thereof immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be so converted) and each Parent Restricted Share issued pursuant to this Section 3.06(b) shall remain subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Restricted Share (including vesting schedule and any acceleration of vesting, pursuant to any Company Employee Plan as in effect on the date hereof and set forth on Section 5.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) (and shall bear a legend containing the same restrictions on transferability), and (ii) each outstanding Company Restricted Share Unit shall be converted automatically into a substantially similar award for Parent Stock and shall remain subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Company Restricted Share (including vesting schedule and any acceleration of vesting, pursuant to any Company Employee Plan as in effect on the date hereof and set forth on Section 5.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule), except that the number of shares of Parent Stock subject to each such assumed award shall be determined by multiplying the number of Company Shares subject to such Company Restricted
Parent Restricted Shares"
Share Unit by the Option Exchange Ratio (rounded down to the nearest whole share).
     
(c) Parent shall take such actions as are necessary for the assumption of the Company Stock Options and Company Restricted Stock Units and the issuance of Parent restricted Shares pursuant to this Section 3.06, including the reservation, issuance and listing of Parent Stock as is necessary to effectuate the transactions contemplated by this Section 3.06. Parent shall prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-8 with respect to the shares of Parent Stock subject to the Company Stock Options and Company Restricted Stock Units and the Parent Restricted Shares promptly following the Effective Time (and in no event later than 15 Business Days after the Effective Time) and Parent shall use reasonable best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement for as long as such Company Stock Options, Company Restricted Stock Units or Parent Restricted Shares remain outstanding.
     
(d) The Company shall take such actions as are necessary to (i) cause the exercise of each outstanding purchase right under the Company ESPP no less than five Business Days prior to the initial scheduled expiration of the Offer; (ii) provide that no further purchase period or offering period shall commence under the Company ESPP following the date hereof; and (iii) terminate the Company ESPP immediately prior to and effective as of the Effective Time.
     
Section 3.07
. Adjustments.
If, during the period between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, any change in the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company shall occur by reason of any stock split (including reverse stock split), or any stock dividend thereon with a record date during such period, the Offer Price, the Merger Consideration and any other amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement shall be appropriately adjusted.
     
Section 3.08
. Withholding Rights.
Each of Merger Subsidiary, the Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to Articles 2 or 3 such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under any provision of any Tax law. If Merger Subsidiary, the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, so withholds amounts, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which Merger Subsidiary, the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, made such deduction and withholding.
     
Section 3.09
. Lost Certificates.
If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent, the posting by such Person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as Parent may direct, as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent shall pay, in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the
Company Shares formerly represented by such Certificate, as contemplated under this Article 3.
     
Section 4.01
. Certificate of Incorporation.
The certificate of incorporation of the Company (the "
Company Certificate of Incorporation
") shall be amended at the Effective Time as set forth in
Exhibit B
and, as so amended, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance with Applicable Law.
     
Section 4.02
. Bylaws.
The bylaws of Merger Subsidiary in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance with Applicable Law.
     
Section 4.03
. Directors and Officers.
From and after the Effective Time, except as otherwise duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with Applicable Law, (i) the directors of Merger Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation, and (ii) the officers of Merger Subsidiary immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation.
     
Subject to Section 12.05, except as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company represents and warrants to Parent that:
     
Section 5.01
. Corporate Existence and Power.
The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all corporate powers required to carry on its business as now conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has heretofore made available to Parent complete and correct copies of the Company Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws of the Company ("
Company Bylaws
"), as currently in effect. The Company has heretofore made available to Parent complete and correct copies of the minutes (or, in the case of draft minutes, the most recent drafts thereof) of all meetings of the stockholders of the Company, the Company Board and each committee of the Company Board, held since January 1, 2004, as of the date hereof.
     
Section 5.02
. Corporate Authorization.
(a) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby are within the Company's corporate powers and, except for obtaining the Stockholder Approval, if required, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock in favor of the approval and adoption of this Agreement and the Merger (the "
Stockholder Approval
") is the only vote of the holders of any of the Company's capital stock necessary in connection with the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar Applicable Law affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.
     
(b) At a meeting duly called and held, prior to the execution of this Agreement, at which all directors of the Company were present, the Company's Board of Directors duly and unanimously adopted resolutions (i) declaring that this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of the Company's stockholders, (ii) approving and declaring advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) approving and adopting an amendment to the Company Rights Agreement to render the Company Rights inapplicable to the Merger, this Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iv) directing that the adoption of this Agreement and the Merger be submitted to the Stockholder Meeting, if required to consummate the Merger under Delaware Law, and (v) making the Board Recommendation.
     
Section 5.03
. Governmental Authorization.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority, other than (i) the filing of the Merger Certificate with the Delaware Secretary of State and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which the Company is qualified to do business, (ii) compliance with any applicable requirements of (A) the HSR Act and (B) any Applicable Law analogous to the HSR Act or otherwise regulating antitrust, competition or merger control matters and in each case existing in foreign jurisdictions ("
Foreign Competition Laws
"), (iii) compliance with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and any other applicable U.S. state or federal securities laws, and (iv) any actions or filings the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
Section 5.04
. Non-contravention.
The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby do not
and will not (i) contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of any provision of the Company Certificate of Incorporation or the Company Bylaws, (ii) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 5.03, contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Applicable Law or Order, (iii) require any consent or other action by any Person under, constitute a default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under, or cause or permit the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit under, any provision of any Material Contract binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Governmental Authorization affecting, or relating in any way to, the material assets or business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, with such exceptions, in the case of each of clauses (ii) through (iv), as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect;
provided
that in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect would result, any adverse effect otherwise excluded by clause (A) of the definition of "Company Material Adverse Effect" shall be taken into account.
     
Section 5.05
. Capitalization.
(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 300,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (of which 300,000 shares have been designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock and reserved for issuance upon exercise of the Company Rights). As of the close of business on February 27, 2007, (i) 59,178,935 Company Shares were issued and outstanding (of which an aggregate of 325,462 were Company Restricted Shares), (ii) no shares of preferred stock of the Company were issued and outstanding, (iii) Company Stock Options to purchase an aggregate of 6,976,971 Company Shares were issued and outstanding (of which Company Stock Options to purchase an aggregate of 3,517,351 Company Shares were exercisable), (iv) an aggregate of 578,211 Company Shares were reserved for settlement of Company Restricted Share Units, (v) an aggregate of 9,651,198 Company Shares were reserved for settlement of authorized Company Stock Options, and (vi) an aggregate of 1,255,558 Company Shares were reserved for issuance under the Company ESPP. All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been, and all shares that may be issued pursuant to any Company Stock Plan will be, when issued in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly authorized and validly issued and are (or, in the case of shares that have not yet been issued, will be) fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights.
     
(b) Section 5.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the close of business on February 27, 2007, a complete and correct list of (i) all outstanding Company Stock Options, including with respect to each such option, the number of shares subject to such option, the title, position and employee identity number of the holder, the grant date, the exercise price per share, the vesting schedule (including any portion that would become vested as a result of
the transactions contemplated hereby) and expiration date of each such option, whether the option is intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code or a non-qualified stock option, and the form of Company Stock Option award agreement pursuant to which such option was granted, (ii) all outstanding Company Restricted Shares, including with respect to each such award, the title, position and employee identity number of the holder, the grant date and vesting schedule (including any portion that would become vested as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby), whether a Section 83(b) election was taken under the Code (if available) with respect to such Company Restricted Share, and the form of Company Restricted Share grant agreement pursuant to which such award was granted, and (iii) all outstanding Company Restricted Share Units, including with respect to each such award, the title, position and employee identity number of the holder, the grant date and vesting schedule (including any portion that would become vested as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby), and the form of Company Restricted Share Unit grant agreement pursuant to which such award was granted. The Company Stock Plans set forth on Section 5.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule are the only plans or programs the Company or any of its Subsidiaries maintains under which stock options, restricted shares, restricted share units, stock appreciation rights, performance shares or other compensatory equity-based awards have been granted and remain outstanding or may be granted. All Company Stock Options, Company Restricted Shares and Company Restricted Share Units may, by their terms, be treated in accordance with Section 3.06.
     
(c) Except, in the case of clauses (i)-(iv) below, (w) as set forth in this Section 5.05, (x) for changes since February 27, 2007, resulting from the exercise of Company Stock Options outstanding on such date and disclosed on Section 5.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (y) for issuances of shares of Company Common Stock and grants of Company Stock Options expressly permitted under clauses (A) and (B) of Section 7.01(c)(i), or (z) for issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of purchase rights pursuant to the Company ESPP in accordance with Section 3.06(d), there are no outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company, (ii) securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company, (iii) options, warrants or other rights or arrangements to acquire from the Company, or other obligations or commitments of the Company to issue, any capital stock or other voting securities or ownership interests in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or other voting securities or ownership interests in, the Company, (iv) restricted shares, restricted share units, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, contingent value rights, "phantom" stock or similar securities or rights that are derivative of, or provide economic benefits based, directly or indirectly, on the value or price of, any capital stock of, or other voting securities or ownership interests in, the Company (the items in clauses (i)-(iv) being referred to collectively as the "
Company Securities
"), (v) voting trusts, proxies or other similar agreements or understandings to which Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound with respect to the voting of any shares of capital stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vi) except as may be required by applicable securities laws and regulations, obligations or commitments of any character restricting the transfer of, or requiring the registration for sale of, any shares of capital stock of Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (vii) obligations or commitments of any character of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the Company Securities. No Company Securities are owned by any Subsidiary of the Company.
     
(d) With respect to the Company Stock Options, (i) each Company Stock Option intended to qualify as an "incentive stock option" under Section 422 of the Code so qualifies, (ii) each grant of a Company Stock Option was duly authorized no later than the date on which the grant of such Company Stock Option was by its terms to be effective (the "
Grant Date
") by all necessary corporate action, including, as applicable, approval by the Company Board (or a duly constituted and authorized committee thereof), or a duly authorized delegate thereof, and any required stockholder approval by the necessary number of votes or written consents, (iii) each such grant was made in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the applicable Company Stock Plan, the 1934 Act and all other Applicable Law, including the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, and (iv) the per share exercise price of each Company Stock Option was not less than the fair market value of a share of Company Common Stock on the applicable Grant Date.
     
Section 5.06
. Subsidiaries.
(a) Section 5.06(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of each Subsidiary of the Company, its place and form of organization and each jurisdiction in which it is authorized to conduct or actually conducts business. No Subsidiary of the Company would constitute a "significant subsidiary" within the meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X under the 1934 Act.
     
(b) Each Subsidiary of the Company is a corporation or other business entity duly incorporated or organized (as applicable), validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and has all corporate or other organizational powers required to carry on its business as now conducted. Each such Subsidiary is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
(c) All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other voting securities or ownership interests in, each Subsidiary of the Company, is owned by the Company, directly or indirectly, free and clear of any Lien and free of any other limitation or restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other voting securities or ownership
interests). There are no outstanding (i) securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or other voting securities or ownership interests in any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) options, warrants or other rights or arrangements to acquire from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations or commitments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, any capital stock of or other voting securities or ownership interests in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock of or other voting securities or ownership interests in, any Subsidiary of the Company, or (iii) restricted shares, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, contingent value rights, "phantom" stock or similar securities or rights that are derivative of, or provide economic benefits based, directly or indirectly, on the value or price of, any capital stock of, or other voting securities or ownership interests in, any Subsidiary of the Company (the items in clauses (i)-(iii), in addition to all shares of capital stock or voting securities of the Company's Subsidiaries, being referred to collectively as the "
Company Subsidiary Securities
"). There are no outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the Company Subsidiary Securities.
     
(d) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly owns any equity, ownership, profit, voting or similar interest in or any interest convertible, exchangeable or exercisable for, any equity, profit, voting or similar interest in, any Person (other than a Subsidiary of the Company).
     
Section 5.07
. SEC Filings and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
(a) The Company has made available to Parent through the Company's filings with the SEC, complete and correct copies of (i) the Company's annual reports on Form 10-K for its fiscal years ended June 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004, (ii) its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for its fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2006 and December 31, 2006 (iii) its proxy or information statements relating to meetings of the stockholders of the Company since June 30, 2006, and (iv) all of its other reports, statements, schedules and registration statements filed with the SEC since June 30, 2006 (the documents referred to in this Section 5.07(a), together with all information incorporated by reference therein in accordance with applicable SEC regulations, are collectively referred to in this Agreement as the "
Company SEC Documents
").
     
(b) Since June 30, 2006, the Company has filed with or furnished to the SEC each report, statement, schedule, form or other document or filing required by Applicable Law to be filed or furnished by the Company at or prior to the time so required. No Subsidiary of the Company is required to file or furnish any report, statement, schedule, form or other document with, or make any other filing with, or furnish any other material to, the SEC.
     
(c) As of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such filing), each Company SEC Document complied, and each such Company SEC Document filed subsequent to the date
hereof and prior to the consummation of the Offer will comply, as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act, as the case may be.
     
(d) As of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such filing), each Company SEC Document filed pursuant to the 1934 Act did not, and each such Company SEC Document filed subsequent to the date hereof and prior to the consummation of the Offer will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each Company SEC Document that is a registration statement, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant to the 1933 Act, as of the date such registration statement or amendment became effective, did not, and each such Company SEC Document filed subsequent to the date hereof and prior to the consummation of the Offer will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
     
(e) The Company has made available to Parent copies of all comment letters received by the Company from the SEC since January 1, 2004 relating to the Company SEC Documents, together with all written responses of the Company thereto. As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in any such comment letters received by the Company from the SEC. As of the date of this Agreement, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Company SEC Documents is the subject of any ongoing review by the SEC.
     
(f) Each required form, report and document containing financial statements that has been filed with or submitted to the SEC by the Company since July 31, 2002 was accompanied by the certifications required to be filed or submitted by the Company's chief executive officer and/or chief financial officer, as required, pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and, at the time of filing or submission of each such certification, such certification was true and accurate and complied with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
     
Section 5.08
. Financial Statements; Internal Controls.
(a) The audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents fairly present, in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto) the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject to normal year-end adjustments, condensation or omission of certain information and footnote disclosure in the case of any unaudited interim financial statements).
     
(b) The Company's system of internal controls over financial reporting is reasonably sufficient in all material respects to provide reasonable assurance (i)
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP, (ii) that receipts and expenditures are executed in accordance with the authorization of management, and (iii) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that would materially affect the Company's financial statements. No significant deficiency or material weakness was identified in management's assessment of internal controls as of June 30, 2006 (nor, as of the date hereof, has any such deficiency or weakness been identified).
     
(c) The Company's "disclosure controls and procedures" (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the 1934 Act) are reasonably designed to ensure that (i) all information (both financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the 1934 Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported to the individuals responsible for preparing such reports within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and (ii) all such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make the certifications of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company required under the 1934 Act with respect to such reports.
     
(d) The audit committee of the Company Board includes an Audit Committee Financial Expert, as defined by Item 401(h)(2) of Regulation S-K.
     
(e) The Company has adopted a code of ethics, as defined by Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K, for senior financial officers, applicable to its principal financial officer, comptroller or principal accounting officer, or persons performing similar functions. The Company has promptly disclosed any change in or waiver of the Company's code of ethics with respect to any such persons, as required by Section 406(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. To the knowledge of the Company, there have been no violations of provisions of the Company's code of ethics by any such persons.
     
Section 5.09
. Disclosure Documents.
(a) Each document required to be filed by the Company with the SEC or required to be distributed or otherwise disseminated to the Company's stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the "
Company Disclosure Documents
"), including the Schedule 14D-9, the proxy or information statement of the Company (the "
Proxy Statement
"), if any, to be filed with the SEC for use in connection with the solicitation of proxies from the Company's stockholders in connection with the Merger and the Stockholder Meeting, and any amendments or supplements thereto, when filed, distributed or disseminated, as applicable, will comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1934 Act. The representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.09(a) will not apply to statements or omissions included in the Company Disclosure Documents based upon information furnished to the Company in writing by Parent or Merger Subsidiary specifically for use therein.
     
(b) (i) The Proxy Statement, as supplemented or amended, if applicable, at the time such Company Proxy Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto is first mailed to stockholders of the Company and at the time such stockholders vote on adoption of this Agreement, and (ii) any Company Disclosure Document (other than the Proxy Statement), at the time of the filing of such Company Disclosure Document or any supplement or amendment thereto and at the time of any distribution or dissemination thereof, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.09(b) will not apply to statements or omissions included in the Company Disclosure Documents based upon information furnished to the Company in writing by Parent or Merger Subsidiary specifically for use therein.
     
(c) The information with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that the Company furnishes to Parent in writing specifically for use in the Schedule TO and the Offer Documents, at the time of the filing of the Schedule TO, at the time of any distribution or dissemination of the Offer Documents and at the time of the consummation of the Offer, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
     
Section 5.10
. Absence of Certain Changes.
Since the Company Balance Sheet Date through the date hereof, (i) the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has been conducted in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, (ii) there has not been any event, change, development or set of circumstances that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) there has not been any action or event, nor any authorization, commitment or agreement by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any action or event, that if taken or if it occurred after the date hereof would be prohibited by Section 7.01.
     
Section 5.11
. No Undisclosed Material Liabilities.
There are no liabilities or obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, and there is no existing condition, situation or set of circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in such a liability or obligation, other than:
     
(a) liabilities or obligations disclosed and provided for in the Company Balance Sheet or disclosed in the notes thereto;
     
(b) liabilities or obligations incurred under this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby; and
     
(c) liabilities or obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business since the Company Balance Sheet Date in amounts consistent with past practice that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
Section 5.12
. Litigation.
(a) There is no Proceeding pending against or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses or assets or any of the directors or employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of its stockholders or Representatives (in each case insofar as any such matters relate to their activities with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
(b) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any Order against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or naming the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a party that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
Section 5.13
. Compliance with Applicable Law and Orders
. (a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is and, since June 30, 2005 has been, in compliance with all Applicable Laws and Orders, and, to the knowledge of the Company, no condition or state of facts exists that is reasonably likely to give rise to a violation of, or a liability or default under, any Applicable Law or Order, except such noncompliance, violations, liabilities or defaults that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice since June 30, 2005 until the date hereof (i) of any administrative or civil, or criminal investigation or audit (other than Tax audits) by any Governmental Authority relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (ii) from any Governmental Authority alleging that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are not in compliance in any material respect with any Applicable Law or Order.
     
(b) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has in effect all material Governmental Authorizations necessary for it to own, lease or otherwise hold and to operate its properties and assets and to carry on its businesses and operations as now conducted, except where the failure to have such Governmental Authorizations has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. There have occurred no defaults (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under, violations of, or events giving rise to any right of termination, amendment or cancellation of any such Governmental Authorizations, except where such defaults, violations or events have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
Section 5.14
. Material Contracts.
(a) Section 5.14 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and correct list of each of the following Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is legally bound as of the date hereof:
     
(i) (A) each of the 20 largest Contracts between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and an end-user customer for the license of Company Software Products (determined on the basis of aggregate license revenues received by the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended December 31, 2006), (B) each of the 10 largest Contracts between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and a non-end user customer, including any customer that embeds one or more Company Software Product into one or more product of such customer for the license of Company Software Products (determined on the basis of aggregate license revenues received by the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended December 31, 2006), and (C) each of the 10 largest Contracts between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and a customer for the provision of services, including professional or consulting services, other than maintenance and support services provided solely in connection with licenses of Company Software Products (determined on the basis of aggregate revenues received by the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended December 31, 2006);
     
(ii) except for the Contracts disclosed in clause (i) above, each Contract that involves license of Company Software Products, or performance of services (including maintenance and support services) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, providing for annual payments to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of $1,000,000 or more (determined on the basis of aggregate payments to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended December 31, 2006);
     
(iii) (A) each of the 10 largest Contracts between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any licensor of Intellectual Property Rights, other than non-exclusive in-licenses for non-customized commercial off the shelf software that is generally available on standard terms, (determined on the basis of aggregate payments made by the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended December 31, 2006), and (B) each of the 10 largest Contracts between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any supplier (other than a licensor), including any supplier of outsourcing or development services, to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (determined on the basis of aggregate payments made by the including supplier of outsourcing services over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended December 31, 2006);
     
(iv) each Contract that contains any exclusivity or non-competition provisions (A) restricting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from competing in any line of business or with any Person or in any area or engaging in any activity or business (including with respect to the development, manufacture, marketing or distribution of their respective products or services), or pursuant to which the Company has agreed to refrain from granting license or franchise rights to any other Person under Company IP, or pursuant to which any benefit or right is required to be given or lost as a result of so competing or engaging, or (B) which would have any such effect on Parent or any of its Affiliates after the consummation of the Offer or the Closing Date;
     
(v) each Contract that (A) grants any exclusive license, exclusive supply or exclusive distribution agreement or other material exclusive rights, (B) grants any "most favored nation" rights, rights of first refusal, rights of first negotiation or similar material rights with respect to any product, service or Intellectual Property Rights, or (C) contains any provision that requires the purchase of all or a given portion of the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' requirements from a given third party, or any other similar material provision;
     
(vi) each Contract pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has agreed or is required to provide any third party with access to source code contingently or otherwise, for which license revenues to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries exceeded $500,000 (determined on the basis of aggregate payments to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended December 31, 2006);
     
(vii) each Contract pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been granted any license to Intellectual Property Rights material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than non-exclusive licenses granted in the ordinary course of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries consistent with past practice;
     
(viii) each lease or sublease of real property and each lease or sublease of personal property providing for either (x) annual payments of $500,000 or more or (y) aggregate future payments of $2,500,000 or more to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is party as either lessor or lessee;
     
(ix) each Contract relating to Indebtedness, except any such Contract with an aggregate outstanding principal amount not exceeding $500,000 and which may be prepaid on not more than 30 days' notice without the payment of any penalty;
     
(x) each Contract creating or granting a material Lien (including Liens upon properties acquired under conditional sales, capital leases or other title retention or security devices), other than Permitted Liens;
     
(xi) each Contract under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has, directly or indirectly, made any material loan, capital contribution to, or other investment in, any Person (other than any loan, capital contribution or other investment in any wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company or extensions of credit made, and interests in marketable securities acquired, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices);
     
(xii) each Contract under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any material obligations that have not been satisfied or performed relating to the acquisition or disposition of all or any portion of any business of the Company (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise);
     
(xiii) each Contract (i) (A) between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any Governmental Authority, or (B) between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as a subcontractor and any prime contractor to any Governmental Authority, or (ii) to the knowledge of the Company, financed by any Governmental Authority and subject to the rules and regulations of any Governmental Authority concerning procurement;
     
(xiv) each partnership, joint venture or other similar Contract or arrangement currently in effect (but excluding non-exclusive outbound or inbound partnering agreements (such as marketing, reselling, consulting, OEM and distributor agreements) entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business);
     
(xv) each employee collective bargaining agreement or other Contract with any labor union, and each employment Contract (other than for employment at-will or similar arrangements) that has an aggregate future liability in excess of $100,000 that is not terminable by the Company without notice and without cost to the Company;
     
(xvi) each material Contract entered into in the last three years in connection with the settlement or other resolution of any Proceeding that has any continuing obligations, liabilities or restrictions or involved payment of more than $500,000; or
     
(xvii) except for the Contracts disclosed above, each Contract currently in effect and required to be filed by the Company pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K under the 1933 Act, or that is
otherwise material to Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and not entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.
     
(b) Each Contract disclosed in Section 5.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, required to be disclosed pursuant to this Section or which would have been required to be so disclosed if it had existed on the date of this Agreement (each, a "
Material Contract
") is in full force and effect and is a valid and binding agreement of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and, to the knowledge of the Company, of each other party thereto, enforceable against the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, and, to the knowledge of the Company, against the other party or parties thereto, in each case, in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar Applicable Law affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity. None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto is in default or breach under the terms of any Material Contract in any respect which would permit the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, or any other party thereto, on the other hand, to terminate such Material Contract, including with notice or lapse of time or both.
     
(c) Complete and correct copies of each Material Contract in existence as of the date hereof have been made available by the Company to Parent prior to the date hereof.
     
Section 5.15
. Taxes
. (a) All income, franchise and other material Tax Returns required by Applicable Law to be filed with any Taxing Authority by, or on behalf of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been filed when due in accordance with all Applicable Laws, and all such Tax Returns are, or shall be at the time of filing, true and complete in all material respects.
     
(b) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has paid (or has had paid on its behalf) or has withheld and remitted to the appropriate Taxing Authority all material Taxes due and payable, or, where payment is not yet due, has established (or has had established on its behalf and for its sole benefit and recourse) in accordance with GAAP an adequate accrual for all material Taxes through the end of the last period for which the Company and its Subsidiaries ordinarily record items on their respective books.
     
(c) The income and franchise Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries through the Tax year ended June 30, 2002 have been examined and closed or are Tax Returns with respect to which the applicable period for assessment under Applicable Law, after giving effect to extensions or waivers, has expired.
     
(d) There is no material Proceeding now pending or proposed in writing from a Taxing Authority against or with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Tax or Tax Asset.
     
(e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted any extension or waiver of the statute of limitations period applicable to any material Tax Return, which period (after giving effect to such extension or waiver) has not yet expired.
     
(f) During the five-year period ending on the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries was a "distributing corporation" or a "controlled corporation" in a transaction intended to be governed by Section 355 of the Code.
     
(g) Section 5.15(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a list of all jurisdictions (whether foreign or domestic) in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries currently files income or franchise Tax Returns.
     
(h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group other than one of which the Company was the common parent, or made any election or participated in any arrangement whereby any Tax liability or any Tax Asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries was determined or taken into account for Tax purposes with reference to or in conjunction with any Tax liability or any Tax Asset of any Person other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any Tax Sharing Agreement to which any Person other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is also a party.
     
(i) "
Tax
" means (i) any tax, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever (including withholding on amounts paid to or by any Person), together with any interest, penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by any Governmental Authority (a "
Taxing Authority
") responsible for the imposition of any such tax (domestic or foreign), and any liability for any of the foregoing as transferee, (ii) in the case of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, liability for the payment of any amount of the type described in clause (i) as a result of being or having been before the Effective Time a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, or a party to any agreement or arrangement, as a result of which liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to a Taxing Authority is determined or taken into account with reference to the activities of any other Person, and (iii) liability of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the payment of any amount as a result of being party to any Tax Sharing Agreement or with respect to the payment of any amount imposed on any Person of the type described in (i) or (ii) as a result of any existing express or implied agreement or arrangement (including an indemnification agreement or arrangement). "
Tax Asset
" means any net operating loss, net capital loss, investment tax credit, foreign tax credit, charitable
deduction or any other credit or tax attribute that could be carried forward or back to reduce Taxes (including without limitation deductions and credits related to alternative minimum Taxes). "
Tax Return
" means any report, return, document, declaration or other information or filing required to be supplied to any Taxing Authority with respect to Taxes, including information returns, any documents with respect to or accompanying payments of estimated Taxes, or with respect to or accompanying requests for the extension of time in which to file any such report, return, document, declaration or other information. "" means all existing agreements or arrangements (whether or not written) binding the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that provide for the allocation, apportionment, sharing or assignment of any Tax liability or benefit, or the transfer or assignment of income, revenues, receipts, or gains for the purpose of determining any Person's Tax liability (excluding any indemnification agreement or arrangement pertaining to the sale or lease of assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries).
Tax Sharing Agreements
     
Section 5.16
. Employee Benefit Plans.
(a) Section 5.16 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a correct and complete list identifying each material "employee benefit plan" (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) as of the date hereof, each material employment, severance or similar contract, plan, practice or policy providing for compensation, bonuses, profit-sharing, stock option or other stock related rights or other forms of incentive or deferred compensation, vacation benefits, insurance (including any self-insured arrangements), health or medical benefits, loans, employee assistance program, disability or sick leave benefits, workers' compensation, supplemental unemployment benefits, severance benefits and post-employment or retirement benefits (including compensation, pension, health, medical or life insurance benefits) (each, an "
Employee Plan
") which is maintained, administered or contributed to by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of the Company and covers any U.S. employee or former U.S. employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and with respect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any liability (each, a "
Company Employee Plan
"). Copies of such Company Employee Plans (and, if applicable, related trust or funding agreements or insurance policies) and all amendments thereto have been made available to Parent together with the most recent annual report and tax return prepared in connection with any such Company Employee Plan.
     
(b) Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate nor any predecessor thereof sponsors, maintains or contributes to, or has in the past sponsored, maintained or contributed to, any Employee Plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, any non-U.S. defined benefit plan, or any multiple employer plan within the meaning of Section 4063 or 4064 of ERISA.
     
(c) Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate nor any predecessor thereof contributes to, or has in the past contributed to, any multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA.
     
(d) Each Company Employee Plan which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter, or has pending or has time remaining in which to file, an application for such determination from the Internal Revenue Service, and the Company is not aware of any reason why any such determination letter should be revoked or not be reissued. The Company has made available to Parent copies of the most recent Internal Revenue Service determination letters with respect to each such Company Employee Plan.
     
(e) Each Company Employee Plan has been maintained in substantial compliance with its terms and with the requirements prescribed by any and all statutes, orders, rules and regulations, including ERISA and the Code, which are applicable to such Employee Plan. No events have occurred with respect to any Company Employee Plan that could result in material payment or assessment by or against the Company of any excise taxes under Sections 4972, 4975, 4976, 4977, 4979, 4980B, 4980D, 4980E or 5000 of the Code.
     
(f) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not (either alone or together with any other event) entitle any employee, director or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to severance pay or accelerate the time of payment or vesting or trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, increase the amount payable or trigger any other material obligation pursuant to, any Company Employee Plan or International Plan.
     
(g) There is no contract, plan or arrangement covering any employee or former employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, individually or collectively, would give rise to the payment of any amount that would not be deductible pursuant to the terms of Section 280G or 162(m) of the Code.
     
(h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability in respect of post-retirement health, medical or life insurance benefits for retired, former or current employees or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries except as required to avoid excise tax under Section 4980B of the Code.
     
(i) There has been no amendment to, written interpretation of or announcement by the Company relating to, or change in employee participation or coverage under, any Employee Plan that would increase materially the expense of maintaining such Employee Plan above the level of the expense incurred in respect thereof for the most recent fiscal year ended prior to the date hereof.
     
(j) There is no Proceeding pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or involving any Employee Plan before any arbitrator or any Governmental Authority.
     
(k) With respect to all Employee Plans of the Company and its Subsidiaries subject to the laws of any jurisdiction outside the United States ("
International Plans
"), (i) to the Company's knowledge, the International Plans have been maintained in all material respects in accordance with all Applicable Laws, (ii) if intended to qualify for special Tax treatment, the International Plans meet the requirements for such treatment in all material respects, (iii) if intended to be funded and/or book-reserved, the International Plans are fully funded and/or book reserved based upon reasonable actuarial assumptions, and (iv) no liability which could be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, exists or reasonably could be imposed upon the assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by reason of such International Plans, other than to the extent reflected on the Company Balance Sheet.
     
(l) On or prior to the date hereof, the Compensation Committee of the Company Board (the "
Compensation Committee
") has (i) approved each Company Employee Plan pursuant to which consideration is payable to any officer, director or employee (each, a "
Company Compensation Arrangement
") as an "employment compensation, severance or other employee benefit arrangement" within the meaning of Rule 14d
10(d)(2) under the
1934 Act (an "
Employment Compensation Arrangement
"), and (ii) taken all other action necessary to satisfy the requirements of the non
exclusive safe harbor with
respect to such Company Compensation Arrangements in accordance to Rule 14d
10(d)(3) under the
1934 Act (the approvals and actions referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above, the "
Company Compensation Approvals
"). The Company Board has determined that each of the members of the Compensation Committee are, and the members of the Compensation Committee are, "independent directors" as defined in the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules.
     
Section 5.17
. Labor and Employment Matters.
Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by, or currently negotiating in connection with entering into, any collective bargaining agreement with a labor union or organization. None of the employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is represented by any union with respect to his or her employment by the Company or such Subsidiary. There is no material (i) unfair labor practice, labor dispute (other than routine individual grievances) or labor arbitration proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries relating to their businesses, (ii) activity or proceeding by a labor union or representative thereof to the knowledge of the Company to organize any employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) lockout, strike, slowdown, work stoppage or, to the knowledge of the Company, threat thereof by or with respect to such employees, and during the last year there has not been any such lockout, strike, slowdown, work stoppage or threat thereof.
     
Section 5.18
. Insurance Policies.
(a) Section 5.18(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists as of the date hereof, all material insurance policies and fidelity bonds covering the assets, business, equipment, properties, operations,
employees, officers or directors of the Company and its Subsidiaries (collectively, the "
Insurance Policies
") and the coverage limitations and deductibles applicable to each such policy. All of the Insurance Policies or renewals thereof are in full force and effect. There is no material claim by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending under any of such policies or bonds as to which the Company has been notified that coverage has been questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds. All premiums due and payable under all such policies and bonds have been paid when due, and the Company and its Subsidiaries are otherwise in material compliance with the terms of such policies and bonds. The Company does not have any knowledge of any threatened termination of, or material premium increase (other than with respect to customary annual premium increases) with respect to, or material alteration of coverage under, any Insurance Policy.
     
(b) Section 5.18(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each material insurance claim, if any, made by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries since the Company Balance Sheet Date to the date hereof. To the knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof, no event has occurred, and no condition or circumstance exists, that would reasonably be expected to give rise to or serve as a basis for any material insurance claim not listed on Section 5.18(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.
     
Section 5.19
. Environmental Matters.
(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect:
     
(i) no notice, demand, request for information, citation, summons or order has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, no complaint has been filed, no penalty has been assessed, and no Proceeding is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, is threatened by any Governmental Authority or other Person arising out of any failure of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to comply with any Environmental Law;
     
(ii) the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been in compliance with all Environmental Laws and all Governmental Authorizations required by Environmental Law;
     
(iii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have caused any, and, to the knowledge of the Company, there has been no, release by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or for which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries would reasonably be expected to be liable by Contract or by operation of Law, of any Hazardous Substance at, under, from or to any facility or real property currently or formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and
     
(iv) to the knowledge of the Company, there are no liabilities or obligations of or relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise arising under or relating to any Environmental Law or any Hazardous Substance and, there is no condition, situation or set of circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in or be the basis for any such liability or obligation.
     
(b) For purposes of this Section 5.19, the terms "Company" and "Subsidiaries" shall include any entity that is, in whole or in part, a predecessor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
     
Section 5.20
. Intellectual Property; Computer Software.
(a) The Company owns or otherwise holds the right to use all Intellectual Property Rights necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted (the "
Necessary IP Rights
, except where the failure to hold such rights would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not (i) restrict, encumber, impair or extinguish any material Necessary IP Rights in any material respect, or (ii) result in the creation of any material Lien with respect to any of the material Intellectual Property Rights owned or otherwise held by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
     
(b) To the knowledge of the Company, there are no pending or threatened material Proceedings (i) alleging infringement, misappropriation or any other violation of any Intellectual Property Rights of any Person by the Company or its Subsidiaries or by any of its products or services, or (ii) challenging the scope, ownership, validity, or enforceability of the Company IP, or of the Company's or any of its Subsidiaries' rights under the Necessary IP Rights, other than ordinary course correspondence between the Company and any patent, trademark, or copyright Governmental Authority in connection with the prosecution of any Registered IP. The Company and its Subsidiaries have not infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any Intellectual Property Rights of any Person, except where such infringement, misappropriation or violation would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
(c) (i) The Company IP is not jointly owned by any Third Party and is free and clear of any Lien, and (ii) there are no material restrictions on the disclosure, use, license or transfer of the Necessary IP Rights, the Company IP or the Company Software Products, including any restrictions that would impair in any material respect Parent's ability to operate the business immediately after the Effective Time, or that will cause the Necessary IP Rights owned by the Company, the Company IP or the Company Software Products to be forfeited or changed adversely in any material respect as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
(d) Section 5.20(d)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and complete list in all material respects of all Registered IP as of the date of this Agreement. The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken all commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect the Registered IP. None of the material Registered IP has been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or part and, to the knowledge of the Company, all Registered IP is valid and enforceable.
     
(e) Section 5.20(e)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains as of the date of this Agreement, a true and complete list (in all material respects) of all material licenses and other material Contracts pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary is granted rights in any third-party Intellectual Property Rights (x) sold with or incorporated into any Company Software Product, or (y) used or held for use by the Company for any other purpose (excluding, for purposes of clause (y) only, any generally available software programs licensed by the Company on standard terms and used by Company or any of its Subsidiaries solely for internal purposes);
provided
that with respect to Publicly Available Software, this representation is made to the knowledge of the Company as of the date of this Agreement. Section 5.20(e)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains as of the date of this Agreement, a true and complete list (in all material respects) of all agreements granting any third party any current or contingent material rights to further license, sell or otherwise distribute products or services other than for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (e.g., other than any marketing, reseller, partner, OEM and distributor agreement for the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) utilizing the Company IP.
     
(f) The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect their rights in confidential information and trade secrets and to protect any confidential information provided by any other Person under obligation of confidentiality. To the Company's knowledge, the Company and its Subsidiaries have obtained from all parties (including current or former directors, officers or employees) who have created any portion of, or otherwise who would have any rights in or to, any Company IP or Company Software Product valid and enforceable written assignments of any such rights to the Company and its Subsidiaries.
     
(g) Section 5.20(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a true and complete list of all Company Software Products.
     
(h) To the knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof, the Company and its Subsidiaries have not incorporated or otherwise used Publicly Available Software in a manner that would require, or condition the use or distribution of any Company Software Product on the disclosure, licensing or distribution of any source code for any material portion of such Company Software Product. "
Publicly Available Software
" means any code that is, in whole or in part, subject to the provisions of any license to software that is made generally available to the public without requiring payment of fees or royalties (including any obligation or condition under any "open source" license such as,
without limitation, the GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License, Mozilla Public License or BSD licenses.
     
(i) No material portions of the source code for any Company Software Product have been released under any escrow agreement, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not cause a release of source code under any escrow agreement and there has been no release of source code under any escrow agreement;
provided
that with respect to Publicly Available Software, this representation is made to the knowledge of the Company as of the date of this Agreement.
     
(j) To the knowledge of the Company, the Company Software Products do not contain any computer code designed to disrupt, disable, harm, distort or otherwise impede in any manner the legitimate operation (as documented by the Company) of such software by or for the Company or its authorized users, or any other associated software, firmware, hardware, computer system or network (including without limitation what are sometimes referred to as "viruses", "worms", "time bombs" and/or "back doors").
     
(k) The Company and its Subsidiaries have not agreed to transfer ownership of, or to grant any exclusive license with respect to, any Company IP currently owned by the Company to any other Person.
     
(l) No funding, facilities or personnel of any Governmental Authority were used, directly or indirectly, to develop or create, in whole or in part, any Company IP, including any Company Software Product. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is or has ever been a member or promoter of, or a contributor to, any industry standards body or similar organization that could compel the Company or its Subsidiaries to grant or offer to any other Person any license or right to such Company IP.
     
(m) The IT Assets operate and perform in all material respects in a manner that permits the Company to conduct its business as currently conducted and, to the knowledge of the Company, no person has gained unauthorized access to any IT Asset. The Company has implemented reasonable backup and disaster recovery technology processes consistent with industry practices.
     
Section 5.21
. Properties.
(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or in the case of leased property and leased tangible assets, valid leasehold interests in, all of its material real properties and material tangible assets. All such assets and real properties, other than assets and real properties in which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has leasehold interests, are free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens.
     
(b) Section 5.21(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of all real property and interests in real property currently owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (each, an "
Owned
Real Property
") and leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has annual rental obligations of $500,000 or more (each, a "
Leased Real Property
").
     
(c) With respect to each Leased Real Property neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has subleased, licensed or otherwise granted anyone a right to use or occupy such Leased Real Property or any portion thereof. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession of the Owned Real Property and the Leased Real Property, except where failure to have such possession would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.
     
Section 5.22
. Interested Party Transactions.
(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any transaction or agreement (other than ordinary course directors' compensation arrangements or any Company Employee Plan listed on Section 5.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule) with any Affiliate, stockholder that beneficially owns 5% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock, or director or executive officer of the Company, and (ii) no event has occurred since the date of the Company's last proxy statement to its stockholders that would be required to be reported by the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.
     
Section 5.23
. Certain Business Practices.
Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries nor (to the knowledge of the Company and its directors) any director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other expenses relating to political activity or for the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) made any bribe or kickback, illegal political contribution, payment from corporate funds which was incorrectly recorded on the books and records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, unlawful payment from corporate funds to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns or violated any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, or (iii) made any other unlawful payment.
     
Section 5.24
. Finders' Fees.
Except for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, a copy of whose engagement agreement (and all indemnification and other agreements related to such engagement) has been made available to Parent, there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary that has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates, or any of their respective officers or directors in their capacity as officers or directors, who might be entitled to any banking, broker's finder's or similar fee or commission in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
Section 5.25
. Opinion of Financial Advisor.
The Company has received the opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, financial advisor to the Company, dated as of the date hereof, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, the Merger Consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Company Common Stock is fair from a financial point of view to such holders, a copy of which opinion will be delivered to Parent for informational purposes only.
     
Section 5.26
. Antitakeover Statutes; Company Rights Agreement.
(a) The Company has taken all action necessary to exempt the Offer, the Merger, this Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby from the provisions of Section 203 of Delaware Law, and, accordingly, no such Section nor other antitakeover or similar statute or regulation applies or purports to apply to any such transactions. No other "control share acquisition," "fair price," "moratorium" or other antitakeover laws enacted under U.S. state or federal laws apply to this Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
     
(b) The Company has taken all action necessary (i) to render the Company Rights inapplicable to the Merger, this Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and (ii) ensure that (A) neither Parent, Merger Subsidiary nor any of their Affiliates will become an "Acquiring Person" (as such term is defined in the Company Rights Agreement), (B) none of a "Shares Acquisition Date", a "Distribution Date", or a "Section 11(a)(ii) Trigger Date" (each as defined in the Company Rights Agreement) shall occur, and (C) the Company Rights will not separate from the shares of Company Common Stock, in each case, by reason of the approval or execution of this Agreement, the announcement or consummation of the Merger, this Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.
     
Parent represents and warrants to the Company that:
     
Section 6.01
. Corporate Existence and Power.
Each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all corporate powers required to carry on its business as now conducted. Since the date of its incorporation, Merger Subsidiary has not engaged in any activities other than in connection with or as contemplated by this Agreement.
     
Section 6.02
. Corporate Authorization.
The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated
hereby are within the corporate powers of Parent and Merger Subsidiary and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action. This Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary, enforceable against each such Person in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium and other similar Applicable Law affecting creditors' rights generally and by general principles of equity.
     
Section 6.03
. Governmental Authorization.
The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority, other than (i) the filing of the Merger Certificate with the Delaware Secretary of State and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in which Parent is qualified to do business, (ii) compliance with any applicable requirements of (A) the HSR Act and (B) any Foreign Competition Law, (iii) compliance with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and any other U.S. state or federal securities laws, and (iv) any actions or filings the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or materially impair Parent's or Merger Subsidiary's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
Section 6.04
. Non-contravention.
The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (i) contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of Parent or the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Merger Subsidiary, (ii) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 6.03, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Applicable Law or Order, (iii) require any consent or other action by any Person under, constitute a default under, or cause or permit the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit to which Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled under, any provision of any agreement or other instrument binding upon Parent or Merger Subsidiary, with such exceptions, in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii) above, as would not reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or materially impair Parent's or Merger Subsidiary's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
Section 6.05
. Disclosure Documents.
(a) The information with respect to Parent and any of its Subsidiaries that Parent furnishes to the Company in writing specifically for use in any Company Disclosure Document will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (i) in the case of the Proxy Statement, as supplemented or amended, if applicable, at the
time such Company Proxy Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto is first mailed to stockholders of the Company and at the time such stockholders vote on adoption of this Agreement, and (ii) in the case of any Company Disclosure Document other than the Proxy Statement, at the time of the filing of such Company Disclosure Document or any supplement or amendment thereto and at the time of any distribution or dissemination thereof and at the consummation of the Offer.
     
(b) The Schedule TO, when filed, and the Offer Documents, when distributed or disseminated, will comply as to form and substance in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1934 Act and, at the time of such filing, at the time of such distribution or dissemination and at the time of consummation of the Offer, will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;
provided
that this representation and warranty will not apply to statements or omissions included in the Schedule TO and the Offer Documents based upon information furnished to Parent or Merger Subsidiary in writing by the Company specifically for use therein.
     
Section 6.06
. Company Securities.
Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any Company Securities, except by virtue of the Tender and Support Agreement.
     
Section 6.07
. Litigation.
There is no Proceeding pending against or, to the knowledge of Parent, threatened against or affecting, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or materially impair Parent's or Merger Subsidiary's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Neither Parent nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any Order against Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or naming Parent or any of its Subsidiaries as a party that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to prevent, materially delay or materially impair Parent's or Merger Subsidiary's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
Section 6.08
. Financing.
Parent has, or will have prior to the expiration of the Offer, sufficient cash, available lines of credit or other sources of immediately available funds to enable Merger Subsidiary to purchase all of the Company Shares outstanding pursuant to the Offer.
     
The Company agrees that:
     
Section 7.01
. Conduct of the Company
. Except for matters expressly contemplated by this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement until the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its business in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) preserve intact its assets, material Intellectual Property Rights and business organization, (ii) maintain in effect all of its material Governmental Authorizations, (iii) keep available the services of its present officers and employees, and (iv) maintain satisfactory relationships with its customers, partners, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material business relationships with it. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for matters (A) expressly contemplated by this Agreement, including the matters set forth under Section 7.03, (B) set forth on Section 7.01 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, or (C) required by Applicable Law, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its Subsidiaries to, do any of the following without the prior written consent of Parent:
     
(a) amend the Company Certificate of Incorporation, Company Bylaws or other comparable charter or organizational documents (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise);
     
(b) (i) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock, property or otherwise) in respect of, or enter into any agreement with respect to the voting of, any capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii) issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except for shares of Company Common Stock issued in accordance with clauses (A) and (B) of Section 7.01(c)(i)), (iv) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Securities or Company Subsidiary Securities, other than repurchases of Company Restricted Shares to the extent required to be repurchased pursuant to the terms of the relevant Company Restricted Share award as of the date hereof, or (v) take any action that would result in any amendment, modification or change of any term of, or material default under, any Indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries;
     
(c) (i) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge, transfer, subject to any Lien or otherwise encumber or dispose of any Company Securities or Company Subsidiary Securities, other than (A) the issuance of shares of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Stock Options or pursuant to the terms of the Company Restricted Share Units, in each case, that are outstanding on the date of this Agreement, and only if and to the extent required by and in accordance with the applicable equity award's terms as in effect on the date of this Agreement, (B) grants of Company Stock Options to newly hired employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, with a per share exercise price no less than the then-current market price of a share of Company Common Stock, so
long as the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such additional Company Stock Options does not exceed 50,000 per month, (C) grants of Company Stock Options, Company Restricted Shares or Company Restricted Share Units in the ordinary course of business, with a per share exercise price no less than the then-current market price of a share of Company Common Stock (with respect to Company Stock Options), pursuant to offer letters dated as of or prior to the date hereof outstanding as of the date hereof and in the amounts specified therein and as set forth in Section 7.01(c)(i)(C) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (D) shares issued pursuant to the ESPP in accordance with its terms as of the date hereof and past practices, or (E) the issuance of Company Rights in connection with any issuance of Company Common Stock contemplated in clauses (A)-(D) above, or (ii) amend any term of any Company Security or any Company Subsidiary Security (in each case, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise);
     
(d) adopt a plan or agreement of, or resolutions providing for or authorizing, complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;
     
(e) incur any capital expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in respect thereof, except for those contemplated by the capital expenditure budget for the Company and its Subsidiaries that is attached to Section 7.01(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule (the "
Capex Budget
");
     
(f) acquire (i) any business or Person or division thereof (whether by purchase of stock, purchase of assets, merger, consolidation, or otherwise), or (ii) any other assets other than assets acquired in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;
     
(g) sell, lease, license, pledge, transfer, subject to any Lien or otherwise dispose of any of its material assets or properties except (i) sales of inventory or used equipment in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) Permitted Liens incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (iii) any license or disposition of Company IP in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) pursuant to existing Contracts made available to Parent prior to the date hereof;
     
(h) (i) grant to any current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries any increase in compensation, bonus or other benefits, except (A) increases in connection with promotions of non-executive officer employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, (B) annual merit increases in base salaries of non-executive officer employees in accordance with past practices so long as such increases do not exceed 2% of the aggregate current annualized base salaries of all non-executive officer employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (C) increases required under Applicable Law or existing Company Employee Plans listed on Section 5.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (ii) grant to any
current or former director, officer, employee or consultant of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries any severance or termination pay or benefits or any increase in severance, change of control or termination pay or benefits, except in connection with actual termination in the ordinary course of any such Person to the extent required under Applicable Law or existing Company Employee Plans listed on Section 5.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (iii) establish, adopt, or enter into any Employee Plan (other than offer letters for "at will" employment without severance benefits) or collective bargaining or works council agreement, or amend (except as would not reasonably be expected to materially increase any benefit payable thereunder or any administrative expense thereof, or as required under the terms of any collective bargaining or works council agreement as of the date hereof) any Company Employee Plan or International Plan or collective bargaining agreement, (iv) take any action to accelerate any rights or benefits or take any action to fund or in any other way secure the payment of compensation or benefits under any Company Employee Plan or International Plan, or (v) make any Person (after the date of this Agreement) a beneficiary of any retention or severance plan under which such Person is not as of the date of this Agreement a beneficiary which would entitle such Person to payments, vesting, acceleration or any other right as a consequence of consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and/or termination of employment;
     
(i) (i) except as required by GAAP (as authorized to by the Company's independent auditor), write-down any of its material assets, including any Company IP, or (ii) make any material change in any method of accounting principles, method or practices, except for any such change required by reason of a concurrent change in GAAP or Regulation S-X under the 1934 Act (as authorized to by the Company's independent auditor);
     
(j) (i) repurchase, prepay or incur any Indebtedness, including by way of a guarantee or an issuance or sale of debt securities, or issue and sell options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, enter into any "keep well" or other Contract to maintain any financial statement or similar condition of another person or enter into any arrangement having the economic effect of any of the foregoing, or (ii) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person, other than to the Company or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries;
     
(k) enter into any Contract, or relinquish or terminate any Contract or other right, in any individual case with an annual value in excess of $500,000 or an aggregate value in excess of $1,500,000, other than (i) entering into software license agreements where the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the licensor in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices, (ii) service or maintenance contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is providing services to customers, (iii) termination of leases in connection with restructuring or otherwise that do not have a material adverse impact on the business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) non-exclusive
distribution, marketing, reselling or consulting agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices that provide for distribution of a Company Software Product by a third party, or (v) non-exclusive OEM agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices that are terminable without penalty within twelve months;
     
(l) agree to any exclusivity, non-competition or similar provision or covenant restricting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from competing in any line of business or with any Person or in any area or engaging in any activity or business (including with respect to the development, manufacture, marketing or distribution of their respective products or services), or pursuant to which any benefit or right is required to be given or lost as a result of so competing or engaging, or which would have any such effect on Parent or any of its Affiliates after the consummation of the Offer or the Closing Date; or
     
(m) make or change any material Tax election, change any annual Tax accounting period, adopt or change any method of Tax accounting, amend any material Tax Returns or file claims for material Tax refunds, enter into any closing agreement, settle any material Tax claim, audit or assessment, or surrender any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax liability, or take any action as part of, or in connection with, any restructuring for Tax purposes (including, without limitation, any material transfer of Company IP or other assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to or among Affiliates outside of the ordinary course of business), except for such transfers made after 45 days after the date hereof after consultation in good faith with Parent;
     
(n) institute, settle, or agree to settle any material Proceeding pending or threatened before any arbitrator, court or other Governmental Authority; or
     
(o) authorize, resolve, commit or agree to take any of the foregoing actions.
     
Section 7.02
. Stockholder Meeting; Proxy Material; Short Form Merger.
(a) If the Stockholder Approval is required under Delaware Law in order to consummate the Merger other than pursuant to Section 253(a) of Delaware Law, then, in accordance with Applicable Law, the Company Certificate of Incorporation and the Company Bylaws, the Company shall establish a record date (which will be as promptly as reasonably practicable following the consummation of the Offer) for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the "
Stockholder Meeting
") as promptly as practicable after the consummation of the Offer, for the purpose of voting on the matters requiring the Stockholder Approval;
provided
that (i) if the Company is unable to obtain a quorum of its stockholders at such time, the Company may extend the date of the Stockholder Meeting by no more than five Business Days and the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts during such five-Business Day period to obtain such a quorum as soon as practicable, and (ii) the Company may delay the Stockholder Meeting to the extent (and only to the extent) the Company reasonably determines that such delay is required by Applicable Law,
the Company Certificate of Incorporation or the Company Bylaws. Subject to Section 7.03(b), the Company Board shall recommend unanimously that the stockholders of the Company grant the Stockholder Approval and use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Stockholder Approval, and the Company shall otherwise comply with all Applicable Laws applicable to the Stockholder Meeting.
     
(b) If the Stockholder Approval is required under Delaware Law in order to consummate the Merger other than pursuant to Section 253(a) of Delaware Law, then, in accordance with Applicable Law, the Company Certificate of Incorporation and the Company Bylaws, as promptly as practicable after the consummation of the Offer, the Company and Parent shall prepare jointly and the Company shall file with the SEC the Proxy Statement and as soon as practicable thereafter use its reasonable best efforts to mail to its stockholders the Proxy Statement and all other proxy materials for such meeting, and if necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws, after the Proxy Statement shall have been so mailed, as promptly as practicable circulate amended, supplemental or supplemented proxy material, and, if required in connection therewith, resolicit proxies. Subject to Section 7.03(b), the Proxy Statement shall contain the unanimous recommendation of the Company Board to the stockholders of the Company to grant the Stockholder Approval. The Company and Parent, as the case may be, shall furnish all information concerning the Company or Parent as the other party hereto may reasonably request in connection with the preparation and filing with the SEC of the Proxy Statement. Parent and its counsel shall be given a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Proxy Statement before such document (or any amendment or supplement thereto) is filed with the SEC, and the Company shall give reasonable and good faith consideration to any comments reasonably proposed by Parent and its counsel. The Company shall (i) as promptly as practicable after the receipt thereof, provide Parent and its counsel with copies of any written comments, and advise Parent and its counsel of any oral comments, with respect to the Proxy Statement (or any amendment or supplement thereto) received from the SEC or its staff, (ii) provide Parent and its counsel a reasonable opportunity to review the Company's proposed response to such comments, (iii) give reasonable and good faith consideration to any comments reasonably proposed by Parent and its counsel, and (iv) provide Parent and its counsel a reasonable opportunity to participate in any discussions or meetings with the SEC.
     
(c) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Parent, Merger Subsidiary or any other Subsidiary of Parent shall acquire at least 90% of the outstanding Company Shares pursuant to the Offer, through exercise of the 90% Top-Up Option or otherwise, the parties hereto shall take all necessary and appropriate action to cause the Merger to be effective as soon as practicable after such acquisition without a meeting of stockholders of the Company, in accordance with Section 253(a) of Delaware Law.
     
Section 7.03
. No Solicitation; Other Offers.
(a) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries authorize or permit any of its or their Representatives to, and the Company shall instruct, and cause each applicable Subsidiary and Affiliate, if any, to instruct, each such Representative not to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or knowingly take any action to facilitate or encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal or any inquiries or the making of any proposal that would reasonably be expected to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, or, subject to Section 7.03(b), (i) conduct or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, disclose any non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, or otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by, any Third Party that is seeking to make, or has made, any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) (A) amend or grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (B) approve any transaction under, or any Third Party becoming an "interested stockholder" under, Section 203 of Delaware Law, or (C) amend or grant any waiver or release or approve any transaction or redeem any Company Rights under the Company Rights Agreement, except in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (iii) enter into any agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, acquisition agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other Contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal. Subject to Section 7.03(b), neither the Company Board nor any committee thereof shall fail to make, withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Parent or Merger Subsidiary the Board Recommendation, or recommend an Acquisition Proposal, fail to recommend against acceptance of any tender offer or exchange offer for the Company Shares within 10 Business Days after the commencement of such offer, or take any action or make any public statement inconsistent with the Board Recommendation, or resolve or agree to take any of the foregoing actions (any of the foregoing, an "
Adverse Recommendation Change
"). The Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and its and their respective Representatives to, cease immediately and cause to be terminated any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations, if any, with any Third Party conducted prior to the date hereof with respect to any Acquisition Proposal and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause any such Third Party (or its agents or advisors) in possession of non-public information in respect of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that was furnished by or on behalf of the Company and its Subsidiaries at any time after September 30, 2006, to return or destroy (and confirm destruction of) all such information.
     
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the acceptance for payment of Company Shares under the Offer (in the case of clauses (i) through (iii) below), the Company Board, directly or indirectly through any Representative, may (i) engage in negotiations or discussions with any Third Party that, subject to the
Company's compliance with this Section 7.03, has made (and not withdrawn) a
bona fide
Acquisition Proposal in writing that the Company Board reasonably believes, after considering the advice of its outside legal counsel and of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation, constitutes a Superior Proposal or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal, (ii) thereafter furnish to such Third Party non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to an executed confidentiality agreement with terms not materially less favorable to the Company than those contained in the Confidential Disclosure Agreement dated as of January 2, 2007 between the Company and Parent (the "
Confidentiality Agreement
") and containing additional provisions that expressly permit the Company to comply with the terms of this Section 7.03 (a copy of which confidentiality agreement shall be promptly (in all events within 24 hours) provided for informational purposes only to Parent), (iii) following receipt of and on account of such Superior Proposal, make an Adverse Recommendation Change and/or (iv) take any non-appealable, final action that any court of competent jurisdiction orders the Company to take, but in each case referred to in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii), only if the Company Board determines in good faith by a majority vote, after considering the advice of outside legal counsel to the Company, that it is necessary or appropriate to take such action to comply with its fiduciary duties under Applicable Law. Nothing contained herein shall prevent the Company Board from complying with Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2(a) or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A under the 1934 Act with regard to an Acquisition Proposal;
provided
that nothing in this sentence shall be deemed to excuse any failure otherwise to comply with the requirements of this Section 7.03(b) .
     
(c) The Company Board shall not take any of the actions referred to in clauses (i) through (iv) of the preceding subsection unless the Company shall have delivered to Parent a prior written notice advising Parent that it intends to take such action. The Company shall notify Parent promptly (but in no event later than 24 hours) after receipt by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective Representatives) of any Acquisition Proposal or any inquiry that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal, any request for non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by any Third Party that, to the knowledge of the Company, is seeking to make, or has made after the date hereof, an Acquisition Proposal. The Company shall provide such notice orally and in writing and shall identify the Third Party making, and the material terms and conditions of, any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. The Company shall keep Parent informed, as promptly as practicable, of the status and details of any such Acquisition Proposal. The Company shall provide Parent with at least 48 hours prior notice of any meeting of the Company Board (or such lesser notice as is provided to the members of the Company Board) at which the Company Board is reasonably expected to consider any Acquisition Proposal. The Company shall promptly provide Parent with any non-public information concerning the
Company's business, present or future performance, financial condition or results of operations, provided to any Third Party that was not previously provided to Parent.
     
Section 7.04
. Access to Information.
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement, and subject to the Confidentiality Agreement, upon reasonable advance notice, the Company shall (i) give to Parent and its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to the offices, properties, books, records, Contracts, Governmental Authorizations, documents, officers and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) furnish to Parent and its Representatives such financial and operating data and other information as such Persons may reasonably request, and (iii) instruct its Representatives to cooperate with Parent and its Representatives in its investigation;
provided
that the Company may restrict the foregoing access to the extent that (A) any Applicable Law requires the Company to restrict or prohibit access to any such properties or information, (B) such disclosure would, based on the advice of outside counsel, violate any agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or (C) such disclosure would, based on the advice of outside counsel, result in a waiver of attorney-client privilege, work product doctrine or any other applicable privilege applicable to such information. Any request for access or information pursuant to this Section 7.04 shall be directed to any of the persons listed on Section 7.04 of the Company Disclosure Schedule and any investigation pursuant to this Section 7.04 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries.
     
Section 7.05
. Notice of Certain Events.
(a) In connection with the continuing operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time, subject to Applicable Law, the Company shall use good faith efforts to consult on a reasonably regular basis with Parent with respect to significant (individually or in the aggregate) operational developments, the general status of relationships with customers, partners, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material business relationships with, the general status of ongoing operations and other matters reasonably requested by Parent pursuant to procedures reasonably requested by Parent.
     
(b) Each of the Company and Parent shall promptly notify the other if it obtains knowledge of any of the following:
     
(i) any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
     
(ii) any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
     
(iii) any Proceeding commenced or, to its knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to Sections 5.12, 5.13, 5.15 or 5.16, as the case may be, or that relate to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
     
(iv) any inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement at any time during the term hereof that could reasonably be expected to cause the conditions set forth in paragraph (c) of
Annex I
not to be satisfied; and
     
(v) any failure of the Company to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder that could reasonably be expected to cause the conditions set forth in paragraph (d) of
Annex I
not to be satisfied.
     
Section 7.06
. Company Rights Agreement.
The Company Board shall take all further actions (in addition to those referred to in Section 5.26(b)) reasonably requested by Parent in order to render the Company Rights inapplicable to this Agreement, the Tender and Support Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the Offer and the Merger.
     
Section 7.07
. Termination of 401(k) Plan.
Unless otherwise directed in writing by Parent at least five Business Days prior to the initial scheduled expiration of the Offer, the Company Board will authorize the termination of any and all Employee Plans intended to qualify as a qualified cash or deferred arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Code, effective no later than the day immediately preceding the date the Company becomes a member of the same Controlled Group of Corporations (as defined in Section 414(b) of the Code) as Parent. The Company shall provide Parent evidence that such resolutions to terminate the 401(k) plan(s) of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been adopted by the Company Board or the board of directors of its Subsidiaries, as applicable. The form and substance of such resolutions shall be subject to the reasonable approval of Parent. Except as set forth on Section 7.07 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts (which shall not involve the payment of any amounts in connection therewith) to take such other actions in furtherance of terminating any such 401(k) plans as Parent may reasonably request. Immediately prior to such termination, the Company will make (or cause to be made) all necessary payments to fund the contributions (i) necessary or required to maintain the tax-qualified status of any such 401(k) Plan, (ii) for elective deferrals made pursuant to any such 401(k) Plan for the period prior to termination, and (iii) for employer matching contributions (if any) for the period prior to termination.
     
Section 7.08
. FIRPTA Certificate.
The Company shall deliver to Parent (a) a certification dated not more than 30 days prior to the date of the consummation of the Offer and (b) to the extent necessary in light of the certification delivered pursuant to clause (a), an additional certification dated not more than 30 days prior to the Effective Time, in each case signed by the Company and to the effect that the Company Shares are not "United States real property interests" within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code.
     
Section 7.09.
Product Remediation.
Prior to the scheduled expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended hereunder), the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with Parent and its Representatives with respect to their investigation of the Company Software Products and to take any actions reasonably requested by Parent with respect to the remediation of any Company Software Products;
provided
that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no failure to have satisfied this Section 7.09 prior to the scheduled expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended hereunder) shall be deemed to constitute a failure of the condition of the Offer set forth in paragraph (d) of
Annex I
to be satisfied;
provided further
that, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, no information arising out of or relating to the matters set forth in this Section 7.09 shall be deemed to constitute a failure of the condition of the Offer set forth in paragraph (c) of
Annex I
to be satisfied.
     
Section 7.10.
Company Compensation Arrangements.
Prior to the scheduled expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended hereunder), the Company (acting through its Compensation Committee) will take all such steps as may be required to cause each Company Compensation Arrangement entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries on or after the date hereof with any of its officers, directors or employees or any member of the Compensation Committee pursuant to which consideration is paid to such officer, director, employee or member to be approved as an Employment Compensation Arrangement and to satisfy the requirements of the non
exclusive safe harbor set forth in Rule
14d
10(d) of the
1934 Act. Prior to the scheduled expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended hereunder), neither the Company Board nor the Compensation Committee shall withdraw, nor permit the withdrawal of, the Company Compensation Approvals.
     
Parent agrees that:
     
Section 8.01
. Obligations of Merger Subsidiary.
Parent shall cause Merger Subsidiary to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Offer and the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Parent hereby guarantees the payment by Merger Subsidiary of any
amounts payable by Merger Subsidiary pursuant to the Offer or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement.
     
Section 8.02
. Voting of Shares.
Parent shall vote any Company Shares beneficially owned by it or any of its Subsidiaries in favor of adoption of this Agreement at the Stockholder Meeting.
     
Section 8.03
. Director and Officer Liability.
(a) All rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation from liabilities for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time now existing in favor of the current or former directors or officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries (each, an "
Indemnified Person
") as provided in the Company Certificate of Incorporation or Company Bylaws (or comparable organizational documents as in effect on the date of this Agreement, copies of which have been made available to Parent prior to the date hereof) and any indemnification or other agreements of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as in effect on the date hereof (copies of which have been made available to Parent prior to the date hereof) (the "
Indemnification Agreements
") shall be assumed by Parent and the Surviving Corporation in the Merger, without further action, at the Effective Time, and shall survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with their terms, and the Surviving Corporation shall, and Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, comply with and honor the foregoing obligations;
provided
that such obligations shall be subject to any limitation imposed from time to time under Applicable Law. Without limiting the generality or effect of the foregoing, from and after the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, (i) indemnify and hold harmless the Indemnified Persons to the fullest extent permitted (whether by Delaware Law, by any Applicable Laws, under the Company Certificate of Incorporation or Company Bylaws or in any Indemnification Agreement), (ii) fulfill and honor in all respect the obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries to the Indemnified Persons pursuant to (A) any Indemnification Agreement, and (C) indemnification, expense advancement and exculpation provisions set forth in the Company Certificate of Incorporation and Company Bylaws or other charter or organizational documents of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (copies of which have been made available to Parent prior to the date hereof).
     
(b) Prior to the Effective time, the Company shall, or, at the written request of the Company no later than five Business Days prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall, purchase a director and officer "tail" policy in respect of acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time covering each Indemnified Person currently covered by the Company's officers' and directors' liability insurance policy for six years after the Effective Time on terms with respect to coverage and amount at least as, and not materially more, favorable than those of such policy in effect on the date hereof, and with an aggregate premium not to exceed 200% of the amount per annum the Company paid in respect of its last annual policy period, which amount is set forth in Section 8.03(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;
provided
that the Company shall give Parent a
reasonable opportunity to participate in the selection of such tail policy and the Company shall give reasonable and good faith consideration to any comments made by Parent with respect thereto, or if the Company requests Parent to purchase such tail policy pursuant to this Section, Parent shall give the Company a reasonable opportunity to participate in the selection of such tail policy and Parent shall give reasonable and good faith consideration to any comments made by the Company with respect thereto.
     
(c) If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, to the extent necessary, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall assume the obligations set forth in this Section 8.03.
     
(d) The rights of each Indemnified Person under this Section 8.03 shall survive consummation of the Merger and are intended to benefit, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Person. The obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation under this Section 8.03 shall not be terminated or modified in such manner as to adversely affect any Indemnified Person to whom this Section 8.03 applies, without the consent of such Indemnified Person.
     
The parties hereto agree that:
     
Section 9.01
. Reasonable Best Efforts.
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company and Parent shall use their reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Law to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including (i) preparing and filing as promptly as practicable with any Governmental Authority or other Third Party all documentation to effect all necessary filings, notices, petitions, statements, registrations, submissions of information, applications and other documents, and (ii) obtaining and maintaining all approvals, consents, registrations, permits, authorizations and other confirmations required to be obtained from any Governmental Authority or other Third Party that are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
(b) In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each of Parent and the Company shall (i) (A) make an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as promptly as practicable and in any event within 10
Business Days of the date hereof, and (B) make an appropriate filing pursuant to any applicable Foreign Competition Law with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as promptly as practicable and in any event within 10 Business Days of the date hereof, and (ii) supply as promptly as practicable any additional information and documentary material that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act or any applicable Foreign Competition Law and take all other actions necessary to cause the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the HSR Act or any applicable Foreign Competition Law as soon as practicable.
     
(c) Each of Parent and the Company shall (i) promptly notify each other party hereto of any written or oral communication to that party or its Affiliates from any Governmental Authority and, subject to Applicable Law, permit each other party to review in advance any proposed written communication to any Governmental Authority, in each case concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) not agree to participate, or to permit its Affiliates to participate, in any substantive meeting or discussion with any Governmental Authority in respect of any filings, investigation or inquiry concerning this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby unless it consults with each other party in advance and, to the extent permitted by such Governmental Authority and consistent with the reasonably determined confidentiality obligations of each party, gives each other party the opportunity to attend and participate in such meeting,
provided
that if the Governmental Authority does not permit such participation by the other parties, or if all parties agree that such joint participation would not be advisable, each party shall allow outside counsel for the other parties to attend and participate to the extent permitted by the Governmental Authority, and (iii) furnish each other party with copies of all correspondence, filings, and communications (and memoranda setting forth the substance thereof) between them and their Affiliates and their respective Representatives, on the one hand, and any Governmental Authority or members of their respective staffs, on the other hand, concerning this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall provide Parent the opportunity to participate in the defense of any Proceeding against the Company and/or its directors relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and will obtain the prior written consent of Parent prior to settling or satisfying any such Proceeding.
     
(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall require Parent or any of its Subsidiaries to, nor shall the Company or any of its Subsidiaries without the prior written consent agree or proffer to, divest, hold separate, or enter into any license or similar agreement with respect to, or agree to restrict the ownership or operation of, any business or assets of Parent, the Company or any of their respective Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in no event shall Parent or any of its Subsidiaries be obligated to litigate or participate in the litigation of any Proceeding, whether judicial or administrative, brought by any Governmental
Authority or appeal any Order (i) challenging or seeking to make illegal, delay materially or otherwise directly or indirectly restrain or prohibit the consummation of the Offer, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or seeking to obtain from Parent or any of its Subsidiaries any damages in connection therewith, (ii) seeking to prohibit or limit in any respect, or place any conditions on, the ownership or operation by the Company, Parent or any of their respective Affiliates of all or any portion of the business, assets or any product of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or to require any such Person to dispose of, license (whether pursuant to an exclusive or nonexclusive license) or hold separate all or any portion of the business, assets or any product of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case as a result of or in connection with the Offer, the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) seeking, directly or indirectly, to impose or confirm limitations on the ability of Parent or any of its Affiliates to acquire or hold, or exercise full rights of ownership of, any Company Shares or any shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, including the right to vote the Company Shares or the shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation on all matters properly presented to the stockholders of the Company or the Surviving Corporation, respectively, (iv) seeking to require divestiture by Parent or any of its Affiliates of any Company Shares or any business or assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries or Parent or its Subsidiaries, or (v) which would reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, prevent or materially delay the Offer or the Merger or that would reasonably be expected to dilute materially the benefits to Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby.
     
Section 9.02
. Certain Filings.
The Company and Parent shall cooperate with one another (i) in connection with the preparation of the Company Disclosure Documents and the Offer Documents, (ii) in determining whether any action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is required, or any actions, consents, approvals or waivers are required to be obtained from parties to any material contracts, in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (iii) in taking such actions or making any such filings, furnishing information required in connection therewith or with the Company Disclosure Documents or the Offer Documents and seeking timely to obtain any such actions, consents, approvals or waivers.
     
Section 9.03
. Public Announcements.
Parent and the Company shall consult with each other before issuing any press release, making any other public statement, or scheduling any press conference or conference call with investors or analysts, with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and, except as may be required by Applicable Law or any listing agreement with or rule of any national securities exchange or association, shall not issue any such press release, make any such other public statement, or schedule any such press conference or conference call before such consultation.
     
Section 9.04
. Further Assurances.
At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Subsidiary, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Subsidiary, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the Merger.
     
Section 10.01
. Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party.
The obligation of each party hereto to consummate the Merger is subject to the satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing, of the following conditions:
     
(a) if required by Delaware Law, the Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained;
     
(b) no Applicable Law or Order shall prohibit the consummation of the Merger; and
     
(c) Merger Subsidiary (or Parent on Merger Subsidiary's behalf) shall have accepted for payment and paid for all of the Company Shares validly tendered pursuant to the Offer and not withdrawn,
provided, however
, that this Section 10.01(c) shall not be a condition to the obligation of Parent or Merger Subsidiary to consummate the Merger if the failure to satisfy such condition shall arise from Parent's or Merger Subsidiary's breach of any provision of this Agreement.
     
Section 11.01
. Termination.
This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Closing (notwithstanding any approval of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company):
     
(a) by mutual written agreement of the Company and Parent;
     
(b) by either the Company or Parent, if:
     
(i) the Offer has not been consummated or the Stockholder Approval has not been obtained on or before September 1, 2007 (the "
End Date
");
provided
that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 11.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose breach of any provision of this Agreement results in the failure of the Offer to be consummated by the End Date; or
     
(ii) there shall be any Applicable Law or Order that shall have become final and non-appealable that (A) makes acceptance for payment of, and payment for, the Company Shares pursuant to the Offer or consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited, or (B) enjoins Merger Subsidiary from accepting for payment of, and paying for, the Company Shares pursuant to the Offer or the Company or Parent from consummating the Merger;
     
(c) by Parent, if:
     
(i) an Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred;
     
(ii) the Company shall have entered into, or publicly announced its intention to enter into, a binding definitive agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement contemplated by Section 7.03(b)) relating to any Acquisition Proposal; or
     
(iii) the Company or any of its Representatives shall have willfully and materially breached any of its obligations under Section 7.03; or
     
(d) by the Company, if prior to the acceptance for payment of the Company Shares under the Offer, the Company Board authorizes the Company, subject to complying with the terms of this Agreement, to enter into a binding definitive agreement in respect of a Superior Proposal;
provided
that the Company shall have paid any amounts due pursuant to Section 12.04 in accordance with the terms, and at the times, specified therein; and
provided further
that in the case of any termination by the Company, (A) the Company notifies Parent, in writing and at least three Business Days prior to such termination, promptly of its intention to terminate this Agreement and to enter into a binding definitive agreement in respect of a Superior Proposal, attaching the final version of such proposed definitive agreement, and (B) Parent does not make, within two Business Days of receipt of such written notification, an offer, attaching the final version of proposed definitive agreement, that is determined by the Company Board in good faith after considering the advice of its outside counsel and of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation to be at least as favorable to the stockholders of the Company as such Superior Proposal, it being understood that the Company shall not enter into any such binding agreement during such two Business Day period; or
The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.01 (other than pursuant to Section 11.01(a)) shall give notice of such termination to each other party hereto.
     
Section 11.02
. Effect of Termination.
If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 11.01, this Agreement shall become void and of no effect without liability of any party (or any stockholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or representative of such party) to each other party hereto;
provided
that if such termination shall result from the willful and material (i) failure of any party to fulfill a condition to the performance of the obligations of any other party, or (ii) failure of any party to perform a covenant hereof, such party shall be fully liable for any and all liabilities and damages incurred or suffered by any other party as a result of such failure. The provisions of this Section 11.02 and Sections 12.04, 12.06(b), 12.07, 12.08 and 12.09 and the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination hereof pursuant to Section 11.01.
     
Section 12.01
. Notices.
All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile transmission) and shall be given,
if to Parent or Merger Subsidiary, to:
Oracle Corporation 500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, California 94065 Attention: Daniel Cooperman Facsimile No.: (650) 633-1813
with a copy to:
Davis Polk & Wardwell 1600 El Camino Real Menlo Park, California 94025 Attention: William M. Kelly Facsimile No.: (650) 752-2112
if to the Company, to:
Hyperion Solutions Corporation 5450 Great America Parkway Santa Clara, CA 95054 Attention: General Counsel Facsimile No.: (408) 588-8530
with a copy to:
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 525 University Avenue, Suite 1100 Palo Alto, California 94301 Attention: Gregory C. Smith Facsimile No.: (650) 470-4570
or to such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to each other party hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. on a Business Day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day in the place of receipt.
     
Section 12.02
. Survival of Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties contained herein and in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall not survive the Effective Time.
     
Section 12.03
. Amendments and Waivers.
(a) Except as set forth in Section 2.03(c) and Section 8.03(d), any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived prior to the Effective Time if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver is to be effective;
provided
that after the Stockholder Approval without the further approval of the Company's stockholders, no such amendment or waiver shall be made or given that requires the approval of the stockholders of the Company under Delaware Law unless the required approval is obtained.
     
(b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law.
     
Section 12.04
. Expenses.
(a) Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense;
provided
that the Company and Parent shall share equally all filing fees payable pursuant to the HSR Act or any Foreign Competition Law.
     
(b) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 11.01(c)(i), Section 11.01(c)(ii) or Section 11.01(d) then the Company shall pay to Parent (by wire transfer of immediately available funds), simultaneously with the occurrence of such termination, a fee in an amount equal to $99,000,000.
     
(c) If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 11.01(b)(i) or Section 11.01(c)(iii) and (i) prior to the acceptance for payment of Company Shares under the Offer, an Acquisition Proposal shall have been made and not withdrawn, and (ii) within 12 months following the date of such termination the Company shall have (A) consummated an Acquisition Proposal, or (B) entered into a definitive agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal which shall have been consummated within 24 months following the date of such termination, then the Company shall pay to Parent (by wire transfer of immediately available funds), within one Business Day or the consummation of such transaction, a fee in an amount equal to $99,000,000. For purposes of this Section 12.04, each reference to 15% or 85%, respectively, in the definition of "Acquisition Proposal" shall be deemed to be 50%.
     
(d) The Company acknowledges that the agreements contained in this Section 12.04 are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, Parent and Merger Subsidiary would not enter into this Agreement. Accordingly, if the Company fails to pay any amount due to Parent pursuant to this Section 12.04, when due, the Company shall pay the costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) in connection with any action taken to collect payment (including the prosecution of any lawsuit or other legal action), together with interest on the unpaid amount at the publicly announced prime rate of Citibank, N.A. in New York City from the date such amount was first payable to the date it is paid.
     
Section 12.05
. Disclosure Schedule References.
The parties hereto agree that any reference in a particular Section of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall only be deemed to be an exception to (or, as applicable, a disclosure for purposes of) (i) the representations and warranties (or covenants, as applicable) of the Company that are contained in the corresponding Section of this Agreement, and (ii) any other representations and warranties (or covenants, as applicable) of the Company that are contained in this Agreement, but only if the relevance of that reference as an exception to (or a disclosure for purposes of) such representations and warranties (or covenants, as applicable) are reasonably apparent.
     
Section 12.06
. Binding Effect; Benefit; Assignment.
(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and, except as provided in Section 8.03, shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Except as provided in Section 8.03, no provision of this Agreement is intended to confer any rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities hereunder upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
     
(b) No party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the consent of each other party hereto, except that Parent or Merger Subsidiary may transfer or assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or from time to time in part, to
one or more of its Affiliates at any time;
provided
that such transfer or assignment shall not relieve Parent or Merger Subsidiary of any of its obligations hereunder.
     
Section 12.07
. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such State.
     
Section 12.08
. Jurisdiction.
The parties hereto agree that any Proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought in any federal court located in the State of Delaware or any Delaware state court, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such Proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such Proceeding in any such court or that any such Proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such Proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such party as provided in Section 12.01 shall be deemed effective service of process on such party.
     
Section 12.09
. Waiver of Jury Trial
. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
     
Section 12.10
. Counterparts; Effectiveness.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. Until and unless each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by each other party hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication).
     
Section 12.11
. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement, together with the Tender and Support Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between the parties with respect to their subject matter.
     
Section 12.12
. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the
terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.
     
Section 12.13
. Specific Performance.
The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof in any federal court located in the State of Delaware or any Delaware state court, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.
     
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.
ANNEX I
     
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Offer, but subject to compliance with Section 2.01(a) of the Agreement, Merger Subsidiary (i) shall not be required to accept for payment or pay for any tendered Company Shares, (ii) may delay the acceptance for payment of, or the payment for, any tendered Company Shares, and (iii) may terminate or amend the Offer as to Company Shares not then paid for, in the event that at or prior to the scheduled expiration of the Offer (as it may be extended pursuant to Section 2.01(a) of the Agreement): (A) the Minimum Condition shall not have been satisfied; (B) the applicable waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (including the Offer and the Merger) under the HSR Act or any Foreign Competition Law shall not have expired or been terminated, or any affirmative approval of a Governmental Authority required under any Foreign Competition Law shall not have been obtained; or (C) any of the following conditions exists:
     
(a) there shall be instituted or pending any Proceeding by any Governmental Authority, (i) challenging or seeking to make illegal, delay materially or otherwise directly or indirectly restrain or prohibit the making of the Offer, the acceptance for payment of or payment for some or all of the Company Shares by Parent or Merger Subsidiary or the consummation of the Offer or the Merger or seeking to obtain material damages in connection therewith, (ii) seeking to restrain or prohibit Parent's ownership or operation (or that of its Affiliates) of all or any material portion of the business, assets or products of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to compel Parent or any of its Affiliates to dispose of, license (whether pursuant to an exclusive or nonexclusive license) or hold separate all or any material portion of the business, assets or products of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or of Parent and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (iii) seeking, directly or indirectly, to impose or confirm material limitations on the ability of Parent or any of its Affiliates effectively to acquire, hold or exercise full rights of ownership of any Company Shares or any shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation, including the right to vote the Company Shares or the shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation acquired or owned by Parent, Merger Subsidiary or any of Parent's other Affiliates on all matters properly presented to the Company's shareholders, (iv) seeking to require divestiture by Parent, Merger Subsidiary or any of Parent's other Affiliates of any Company Shares, or (v) which would reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, prevent or materially delay the Offer; or
     
(b) there shall have been any action taken, or any Applicable Law shall have been proposed, enacted, enforced, promulgated, issued or deemed applicable to the Offer or the Merger, by any Governmental Authority, other than the application of the waiting period provisions of the HSR Act or any Foreign Competition Law or any requirement for affirmative approval of a Governmental
Authority under any Foreign Competition Law, that, in the good faith judgment of Parent is likely, directly or indirectly, to result in any of the consequences referred to in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (a) above; or
     
(c) (i) any of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 5.05(a) and Section 5.05(c) shall not be true in all but
de minimis
respects when made or at any time prior to the consummation of the Offer as if made at and as of such time (other than any such representation or warranty that is made only as of a specified date, which need only to be true in but
de minimis
respects as of such specified date), (ii) any of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Sections 2.02(a)(i), 5.02, 5.04(i) and 5.26, disregarding any materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained in any such representation or warranty, shall not be true in all material respects when made or at any time prior to the consummation of the Offer as if made at and as of such time (other than any such representation or warranty that is made only as of a specified date, which need only to be true in all material respects as of such specified date), or (iii) any of the other representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement, disregarding any materiality or Company Material Adverse Effect qualifications contained in any such representation or warranty, shall not be true in all respects when made or at any time prior to the consummation of the Offer as if made at and as of such time (other than any such representation or warranty that is made only as of a specified date, which need only to be true in all respects as of such specified date);
provided
that the condition set forth in this paragraph (c)(iii) shall be deemed to have been satisfied unless the individual or aggregate impact of the failure to be true of the representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;
provided further
that in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect would result, any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 5.04(iii) and 5.04(iv) that would cause an adverse effect otherwise excluded by clause (A) of the definition of Company Material Adverse Effect shall be taken into account; or
     
(d) the Company shall have breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its obligations under the Agreement and such breach or failure to perform shall not have been cured to the good faith satisfaction of Parent; or
     
(e) any change or development shall have occurred following the date of this Agreement that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect; or
     
(f) (i) an Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred and not been withdrawn, or (ii) the Company shall have entered into, or publicly announced its intention to enter into, a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding or Contract (other than a confidentiality agreement contemplated by Section 7.03(b) of the Agreement) relating to any Acquisition Proposal and
such announcement shall not have been withdrawn and such letter, memorandum of understanding or Contract shall remain in effect; or
     
(g) it shall have been publicly disclosed that any Third Party shall have acquired beneficial ownership of more than 15% of any class or series of capital stock of the Company (including the Company Shares), through the acquisition of stock, the formation of a group or otherwise, or shall have been granted any option, right or warrant, conditional or otherwise, to acquire beneficial ownership of more than 15% of any class or series of capital stock of the Company (including the Company Shares), other than acquisitions for bona fide arbitrage purposes only; or
     
(h) the Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with its terms.
     
The foregoing conditions are for the sole benefit of Parent and Merger Subsidiary and, subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, may be waived by Parent or Merger Subsidiary, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time in the sole discretion of Parent or Merger Subsidiary. The failure by Parent or Merger Subsidiary at any time to exercise any of the foregoing rights shall not be deemed a waiver of any such right and each such right shall be deemed an ongoing right which may be asserted at any time and from time to time.
     
The capitalized terms that are used in this
Annex I
shall have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "
Agreement
"), dated as of February 28, 2007, by and among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("
Parent
"), Hotrod Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("
Merger Subsidiary
") and Hyperion Solutions Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "
Company
").

Exhibit 2.2
     
TENDER AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this "
Agreement
") dated as of February 28, 2007 among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("
Parent
"), Hotrod Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent ("
Merger Subsidiary
"), and each individual listed on
Annex I
(each, a "
Shareholder
"), each an owner of shares of common stock of Hyperion Solutions Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "
Company
").
     
WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Shareholder is the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of the number of shares of Company Common Stock set forth opposite such Shareholder's name under the heading "
Shares Beneficially Owned
" on
Annex I
, and no other Company Securities, (all such directly owned shares of Company Common Stock which are outstanding as of the date hereof and which may hereafter be issued pursuant to any exercise of Company Stock Options or vesting of Company Restricted Share Units, acquisition by purchase, or stock dividend, distribution, split-up, recapitalization, combination or similar transaction, being referred to herein as the "
Subject Shares
");
     
WHEREAS, as a condition to their willingness to enter into the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "
Merger Agreemen
t") dated as of the date hereof among Parent, Merger Subsidiary and the Company, Parent and Merger Subsidiary have requested that each Shareholder, and in order to induce Parent and Merger Subsidiary to enter into the Merger Agreement each Shareholder (only in such Shareholder's capacity as a shareholder of the Company) has agreed to, enter into this Agreement;
     
WHEREAS, capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Merger Agreement, and the other definitional and interpretative provisions set forth in Section 1.02 of the Merger Agreement shall apply hereto as if such provisions were set forth herein.
     
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows:
     
Section 1.01
. Agreement to Tender
. (a) Each Shareholder shall duly tender, or cause to be tendered, in the Offer, all of the Subject Shares (other than (x) any Subject Shares representing Company Restricted Shares or unvested Company Restricted Share Units or (y) any Subject Shares subject to any plan
pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 in existence as of the date hereof) (collectively, the "
Tender Shares
") pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Offer. Promptly, but in any event no later than ten Business Days after the commencement of the Offer, each Shareholder shall (i) deliver to the depositary designated in the Offer (the "") (A) a letter of transmittal with respect to such Subject Shares complying with the terms of the Offer, (B) a certificate or certificates representing such Subject Shares or an "agent's message" (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Depositary may reasonably request) in the case of a book-entry transfer of any uncertificated Subject Shares and (C) all other documents or instruments required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of the Offer, and/or (ii) instruct his or her broker or such other Person that is the holder of record of any Subject Shares beneficially owned by such Shareholder to tender such Subject Shares pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Offer.
Depositary
     
(b) Each Shareholder agrees that once his or her Subject Shares are tendered by him or her, such Shareholder will not withdraw, nor permit the withdrawal of, any tender of such Subject Shares, unless and until (i) the Offer shall have been terminated by Merger Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, or (ii) this Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with Section 3.03.
     
Subject to Section 3.15, each Shareholder hereby covenants and agrees, severally and not jointly, that:
     
Section 2.01
. Voting Of Subject Shares.
At every meeting of the shareholders of the Company called for such purpose, and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, such Shareholder shall, or shall cause the holder of record on any applicable record date to, vote his or her Subject Shares (to the extent that any of such Shareholder's Subject Shares are not purchased in the Offer) (i) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) against (A) any agreement or arrangement related to any Acquisition Proposal, or (B) any liquidation, dissolution, recapitalization, extraordinary dividend or other significant corporate reorganization of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) in favor of any other matter necessary for consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement which is considered at any such meeting of shareholders, and in connection therewith to execute any documents which are necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate the foregoing. In the event that any meeting of the shareholders of the Company is held, such Shareholder shall, or shall cause the holder of record on any applicable record date to, appear at such meeting or otherwise cause his or her Subject Shares (to the extent that any of such
Shareholder's Subject Shares are not purchased in the Offer) to be counted as present thereat for purposes of establishing a quorum.
     
Section 2.02
. No Transfers; No Inconsistent Arrangements
. (a) Except as provided hereunder or under the Merger Agreement, such Shareholder shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) transfer (which term shall include any sale, assignment, gift, pledge, hypothecation or other disposition), or consent to or permit any such transfer of, any or all of his or her Subject Shares or any interest therein, or create or permit to exist any Lien, other than any restrictions imposed by Applicable Law or pursuant to this Agreement, on any such Subject Shares, (ii) enter into any Contract with respect to any transfer of such Subject Shares or any interest therein, (iii) grant or permit the grant of any proxy, power of attorney or other authorization in or with respect to such Subject Shares relating to the subject matter hereof, (iv) deposit or permit the deposit of such Subject Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to such Subject Shares, or (v) take or permit any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere with the performance of its obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise make any representation or warranty of each Shareholder herein untrue or incorrect;
.rovided
that the actions described in clauses (i) and (ii) above shall be permitted hereunder as a result of any donative transfer to any immediate family member of any Shareholder, or a trust for the exclusive benefit of any Shareholders and/or any immediate family members of such Shareholder;
.rovided further
that prior to such transfer, the transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms hereof (a copy of which written agreement shall promptly be provided to Parent) and such transfer shall not relieve any Shareholder of any of his or her obligations hereunder.
     
(b) Any attempted transfer of Subject Shares or any interest therein in violation of this Section 2.02 shall be null and void. In furtherance of this Agreement, such Shareholder shall and hereby does authorize the Company and Merger Subsidiary's counsel to notify the Company's transfer agent that there is a stop transfer restriction with respect to all of his or her Subject Shares (and that this Agreement places limits on the voting and transfer of his or her Subject Shares);
provided
that any such stop transfer restriction shall terminate upon the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms and, upon such event, Parent shall notify the Company's transfer agent of such termination.
     
Section 2.03
. Dissenter's Rights
. Such Shareholder agrees not to exercise any dissenter's rights in respect of his or her Subject Shares which may arise with respect to the Merger.
     
Section 2.04
. Documentation and Information.
Such Shareholder (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent of his or her identity and holding of Subject Shares, and the nature of his or her commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement, and any other information that Parent reasonably determines to be necessary or desirable in any press release, the Offer Documents, or any other disclosure document in
connection with the Offer, the Merger and any transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and (ii) agrees as promptly as practicable to give to Parent any information it may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. Such Shareholder agrees as promptly as practicable to notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such disclosure document, if and to the extent such Shareholder become aware that any shall have become false or misleading in any material respect.
     
Section 3.01
. Notices.
All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile transmission) and shall be given,
if to Parent or Merger Subsidiary, to:
Oracle Corporation 500 Oracle Parkway Redwood City, California 94065 Attention: Daniel Cooperman Facsimile No.: (650) 633-1813
with a copy to:
Davis Polk & Wardwell 1600 El Camino Real Menlo Park, California 94025 Attention: William M. Kelly Facsimile No.: (650) 752-2112
if to any Shareholder, to:
Hyperion Solutions Corporation 5450 Great America Parkway Santa Clara, CA 95054 Attention: General Counsel Facsimile No.: (408) 588-8530
with a copy to:
Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 525 University Avenue, Suite 1100 Palo Alto, California 94301 Attention: Gregory C. Smith Facsimile No.: (650) 470-4570
or to such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to each other party hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. on a Business Day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day in the place of receipt.
     
Section 3.02
. Further Assurances
. Each Shareholder will, from time to time, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional or further transfers, assignments, endorsements, consents and other instruments as Parent or Merger Subsidiary may reasonably request for the purpose of effectively carrying out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to vest the power to vote his or her Subject Shares as contemplated by Section 2.01.
     
Section 3.03
. Termination.
This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, or (ii) the Effective Time.
     
Section 3.04
. Survival of Representations and Warranties.
The representations and warranties contained herein and in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall not survive the Effective Time.
     
Section 3.05.
. Amendments and Waivers.
(a) Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived if such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver is to be effective.
     
(b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Applicable Law.
     
Section 3.06
. Expenses.
Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense.
     
Section 3.07
. Binding Effect; Benefit; Assignment.
(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. No provision of this Agreement is intended to confer any rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities hereunder upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
     
(b) No party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the consent of each other party hereto, except that each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary may transfer or assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or from time to time in part, to one or more of its Affiliates at any time;
provided
that such transfer or assignment shall not relieve Parent or Merger Subsidiary of any of its obligations hereunder.
     
Section 3.08
. Governing Law.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such State.
     
Section 3.09
. Jurisdiction.
The parties hereto agree that any Proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought in any federal court located in the State of California or any California state court, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such Proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such party as provided in Section 3.01 shall be deemed effective service of process on such party.
     
Section 3.10
. Waiver of Jury Trial
. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
     
Section 3.11
. Counterparts; Effectiveness.
This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. Until and unless each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by each other party hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have any right or
obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication).
     
Section 3.12
. Entire Agreement.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written, between the parties with respect to its subject matter.
     
Section 3.13
. Severability.
If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.
     
Section 3.14
. Specific Performance.
The parties hereto agree that each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary would be irreparably damaged if for any reason any Shareholder fails to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, and that each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary would not have an adequate remedy at law for money damages in such event. Accordingly, each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall be entitled to specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief to prevent breaches of this Agreement or to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions hereof in any federal court located in the State of California or any California state court, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity.
     
Section 3.15
. Shareholder Capacity.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall (or shall require any Shareholder to attempt to) limit or restrict any Shareholder who is a director or officer of the Company from acting in such capacity (it being understood that this Agreement shall apply to each Shareholder solely in each Shareholder's capacity as a shareholder of the Company).
     
Section 3.16
. Shareholder Obligations Several and Not Joint.
The obligations of each Shareholder hereunder shall be several and not joint and no Shareholder shall be liable for any breach of the terms of this Agreement by any other Shareholder.
     
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written.

Exhibit 99.1
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 1, 2007
 Oracle today announced that it has agreed to buy Hyperion Solutions Corporation (Nasdaq: HYSL), a leading global provider of performance management software solutions, through a cash tender offer for $52.00 per share, or approximately $3.3 billion.
     
"The acquisition of Hyperion makes Oracle the category leader in the high growth enterprise performance management market," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "Hyperion's EPM software coupled with Oracle's Business Intelligence (BI) tools and analytic applications form an end-to-end performance management system that includes planning, budgeting, consolidation, operational analytics and compliance reporting. "
     
"Requirements for Performance Management and Business Intelligence solutions are increasingly converging," said Hyperion Chief Executive Officer Godfrey Sullivan. "Given the critical need for managers across the enterprise to align operational decisions with strategy, now is the right time for Hyperion to combine with a strategic partner like Oracle to deliver the first, integrated end-to-end Enterprise Performance Management System."
     
"Hyperion is the latest move in our strategy to expand Oracle's offerings to SAP customers," said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "Thousands of SAP customers rely on Hyperion as their financial consolidation, analysis and reporting system of record. Oracle already has PeopleSoft HR, Siebel CRM, G-Log, Demantra, i-flex, Oracle Retail, and Oracle Fusion Middleware installed at SAP's largest ERP customers. Now Oracle's Hyperion software will be
the lens through which SAP's most important customers view and analyze their underlying SAP ERP data."
     
"We expect this transaction to be accretive to Oracle's earnings on a non-GAAP basis by at least one cent per share in fiscal year 2008 and by at least four cents per share in fiscal 2009," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "Given the size of our global organization and the complementary nature of our businesses, we should recognize substantial revenue synergies and significant economies of scale."
     
The transaction is subject to customary conditions and is expected to close in April 2007. More information is available at http://www.oracle.com/hyperion.
     
Oracle will host a conference call today, Thursday, March 1, at 5:30 a.m. (PST) / 8:30 a.m. (EST) to discuss the acquisition. A live audio webcast of the call will be made available on the Oracle Investor Relations website at www.oracle.com/investor. Interested parties may participate live via telephone by calling +1.913.312.1303 (no passcode needed). The webcast will be available for replay for seven days following the conference call. The replay number is (719) 457-0820, passcode 1946731.
Q3 Earnings Announcement
     
Oracle will release its fiscal third quarter results on Tuesday, March 20, and will hold a conference call and web broadcast to discuss the results at 2:00pm (PDT) / 5:00pm (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor.
About Oracle
Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL) is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, visit our Web site at http://www.oracle.com.
Trademarks
Oracle, JD Edwards, PeopleSoft, and Siebel are registered trademarks of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Important Information
THIS DOCUMENT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT AN OFFER TO BUY OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO SELL ANY SECURITIES. THE SOLICITATION AND THE OFFER TO BUY SHARES OF HYPERION'S COMMON STOCK WILL ONLY BE MADE PURSUANT TO AN OFFER TO PURCHASE AND RELATED MATERIALS THAT ORACLE INTENDS TO FILE WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. ONCE FILED, HYPERION STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD READ THESE MATERIALS CAREFULLY PRIOR TO MAKING ANY DECISIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION, INCLUDING THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER. ONCE FILED, HYPERION STOCKHOLDERS WILL BE ABLE TO OBTAIN THE OFFER TO PURCHASE AND RELATED MATERIALS WITH RESPECT TO THE OFFER FREE OF CHARGE AT THE SEC'S WEBSITE AT WWW.SEC.GOV, FROM THE INFORMATION AGENT NAMED IN THE TENDER OFFER MATERIALS OR FROM ORACLE.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Hyperion. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "may", "can", "believes", "expects", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts, in each case as they relate to Oracle and Hyperion, the management of either such company or the transaction are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. In making any such statements, the person making them believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions. However, any such statement may be influenced by factors that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected or anticipated. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. There are various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle and Hyperion, including: the impact of general economic conditions in regions in which either such company currently does business, industry conditions, including competition, fluctuations in exchange rates and currency values, capital expenditure requirements, legislative or regulatory requirements, changes in the tax laws, interest rates and access to capital markets. The actual results or performance by Oracle or Hyperion could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Hyperion.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070314130533.txt.gz
TIME:20070314130533
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5 - Corporate Governance and Management
 
Appointment of Chief Accounting Officer
On March 12, 2007, William Corey West accepted our offer to become Oracle Corporation's Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer starting April 2, 2007. Corey West, age 44, served as Intuit Inc.'s Director of Accounting from August 2005 to the present, where he was responsible for financial and SEC reporting, revenue recognition, technical accounting, merger and acquisition financial due diligence and stock administration, among other duties. Prior to joining Intuit, Mr. West served as The Gap, Inc.'s Assistant Controller from April 2005 to August 2005, and as Vice President Finance for Cadence Design Systems, Inc.'s product business from June 2001 to April 2005. From January 2001 to June 2001, he was Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller at Adecco, Inc. and from October 1998 to November 2000 he served at various positions with Resource Phoenix.com, most recently as its President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. West spent 14 years, from December 1984 to October 1998, with Arthur Andersen LLP, most recently as a partner.
Mr. West's employment with us will be at-will. His starting annual base salary will be $325,000, and he will be eligible to participate in our Global Performance Bonus Plan. Mr. West's target bonus under this program for fiscal year 2007 will be $100,000, which will be awarded based on corporate and individual performance. At the next meeting of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors after Mr. West's start date, a proposal will be submitted to grant Mr. West an option to purchase 100,000 shares of our common stock under our Amended and Restated 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan. When Mr. West joins us in April, we also expect to enter into our standard form of indemnification agreement with him pursuant to which we will indemnify him for certain actions he takes in his capacity as our chief accounting officer.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070320161152.txt.gz
TIME:20070320161152
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
Section 2Financial Information
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
 
On March 20, 2007, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 28, 2007. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
 
 
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
For Immediate Release
 
 
 
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 20, 2007  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ-GS: ORCL) today announced that fiscal 2007 Q3 GAAP earnings per share were up 36% to $0.20, compared with the same quarter last year. Third quarter GAAP revenues were up 27% to $4.4 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 35% to $1.03 billion. Total GAAP software revenues were up 25% to $3.5 billion with GAAP database and middleware new license revenues up 17% and GAAP applications new license revenues up 57%. GAAP services revenues were $916 million, up 36% compared to the same quarter last year.
 
Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 31% to $0.25, and non-GAAP net income was up 30% to $1.3 billion compared to Q3 last year.
 
"Both revenue and earnings growth accelerated sharply in the third quarter," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "We exceeded guidance on every metric with strong revenue growth across all product lines and in all geographies. We've now completed eleven quarters of our five year EPS growth plan of 20% per year, and we are delivering earnings growth comfortably ahead of that target."
 
"Our middleware new license sales grew 82% in the third quarter and 62% over the last twelve months," said CEO, Larry Ellison. "This compares to BEA's growth rate of 8% in their most recently reported quarter and 12% over their last year. Not only are we growing faster than BEA, we're now larger than they are in the middleware business."
 
"Our applications new license sales grew 57% in the third quarter and 61% over the last twelve months," said President, Charles Phillips. "This compares to SAP's growth rate of 7% in their most recently reported quarter and 10% over their last year. Although SAP is still larger than Oracle in the applications business, we are closing the gap consistently and rapidly."
 
Q3 Earnings Announcement
 
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the weblink is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit Oracle on the web at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing products. (4) We have an active acquisition program (including our recently announced proposed acquisition of Hyperion Solutions Corporation) and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of March 20, 2007. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
SEC Filings
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
 
 
 
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effect:
 
 
 
 
 
For the nine months ended February 28, 2007, acquisition related charges also included a benefit related to the settlement of a lawsuit filed against PeopleSoft, Inc. on behalf of the U.S. government. This lawsuit was filed in October 2003, prior to our acquisition of PeopleSoft. The lawsuit alleged PeopleSoft made defective pricing disclosures to the General Services Administration. This lawsuit represented a pre-acquisition contingency that we identified and assumed in connection with the PeopleSoft acquisition. On October 10, 2006, we agreed to pay the U.S. government $98.5 million to settle this lawsuit. Business combination accounting standards require that after the end of the purchase price allocation period, any adjustment that results from a pre-acquisition contingency should be included as an element of net income in the period of settlement, versus an adjustment to the original purchase price allocation. Since the purchase price allocation period for PeopleSoft ended in the third quarter of our fiscal year 2006, the favorable difference of $51.5 million between the estimated exposure recorded for this lawsuit during the purchase price allocation period and the actual settlement amount has been included in our consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended February 28, 2007 as a component of acquisition related charges.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070417142258.txt.gz
TIME:20070417142258
EVENTS:	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
Section 2  Financial Information
 
$3,000,000,000 Commercial Paper Program
On April 11 and 12, 2007, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") issued a total $1,700,000,000 of short-term promissory notes ("CP Notes") under its $3,000,000,000 Commercial Paper Program. The maturities of the CP Notes are between two weeks and three months, with approximately 93% of the CP Notes having maturities of one month, two months or three months. The weighted average yield of the CP Notes, including issuance costs, is 5.328%. Oracle has $1,300,000,000 of capacity remaining under its Commercial Paper Program.
The CP Notes are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are unsecured and rank with all of Oracle's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The CP Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity and are not subject to voluntary prepayment.
pari passu
We expect to use these funds, along with our internally available cash and cash from operations, to pay for our acquisition of Hyperion Solutions Corporation ("Hyperion"). The initial offering period of the tender offer for Hyperion shares of common stock closed on April 13, 2007, and a subsequent offering period will expire on April 18, 2007.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070423181332.txt.gz
TIME:20070423181332
EVENTS:	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
TEXT:
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
 Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
 Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
Section 2 - Financial Information
 
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
 
On April 19, 2007, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 28, 2007 (the Merger Agreement) by and among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Oracle), Hotrod Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle (Merger Subsidiary), and Hyperion Solutions Corporation, a Delaware corporation (Hyperion), Oracle completed its acquisition of all the outstanding shares of common stock of Hyperion (the Hyperion Shares). Oracles acquisition of the Hyperion Shares was structured as a two-step transaction, with a cash tender offer by Merger Subsidiary for the Hyperion Shares (the Offer) followed by the merger of Merger Subsidiary with and into Hyperion (the Merger), with Hyperion becoming the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle.
The initial offering period of the Offer expired at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on Friday, April 13, 2007 (the Initial Expiration Date). On the Initial Expiration Date, Oracle and Merger Subsidiary announced a subsequent offering period expiring at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on Wednesday, April 18, 2007 (the Subsequent Expiration Date). According to Citibank, N.A., the depositary for the Offer, as of the Subsequent Expiration Date, a total of 55,703,835 Hyperion Shares were validly tendered in the Offer and not withdrawn, which represented approximately 91.3% of all the outstanding Hyperion Shares. Oracle accepted for payment and promptly paid the offer price of $52.00 per share in cash, without interest, less any required withholding taxes to all Hyperion stockholders who validly tendered and did not withdraw Hyperion Shares pursuant to the Offer.
Following the Initial Expiration Date, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Oracle designated six representatives to serve on Hyperions Board of Directors, replacing Hyperion Board members who resigned at that time and giving Oracle majority representation on Hyperions Board of Directors. Two of the previously elected Hyperion Board members remained on the Hyperion Board until the Merger was completed.
On April 19, 2007, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Subsidiary was merged with and into Hyperion, and each outstanding Hyperion Share not tendered in the Offer (other than restricted shares, shares held by Oracle, Hyperion or any of their respective subsidiaries, or shares held by stockholders who properly perfect appraisal rights under Delaware law) were converted into the right to receive $52.00 per share in cash, without interest, less any required withholding taxes. Upon the consummation of the Merger, Hyperion survived and became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070503170133.txt.gz
TIME:20070503170133
EVENTS:	Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
TEXT:
ITEM: Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2  Financial Information
 
On April 30, 2007, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") delivered an irrevocable notice to Citibank, N.A., as Trustee, that Oracle will redeem all of Oracle's outstanding Floating Rate Notes due 2009 (the "Notes") in accordance with the terms of the Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006, between Oracle and the Trustee. As of April 30, 2007, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Notes was $1.5 billion.
The redemption date will be May 30, 2007, and the redemption price will be the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. On and after the redemption date, interest on the Notes will cease to accrue, and all rights of the holders of the Notes will cease, except for the right to receive the redemption price and accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. The notice of redemption was sent to registered holders of the Notes on April 30, 2007.
The Indenture is listed as Exhibit 4.03 and the form of Floating Rate Notes due 2009 is listed as Exhibit 4.05, in each case to Oracle's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070515060727.txt.gz
TIME:20070515060727
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Section 8  Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Issuance of $2.00 Billion of Notes
On May 15, 2007, Oracle Corporation (the "Issuer") expects to consummate the sale of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2009 (the "May 2009 Notes"), and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2010 (the "May 2010 Notes" and together with the May 2009 Notes, the "Notes"), pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated May 10, 2007 between the Issuer and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A. (the "Original Trustee"), as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 among the Issuer, the Original Trustee and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee for any and all securities issued thereunder subsequent to the date of such amendment (the "Trustee"), and an officers' certificate (the "Officers' Certificate") issued pursuant thereto.
The material terms and conditions of the Notes are set forth in the Officers' Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.01 and incorporated by reference herein, and in the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.01 to the Issuer's Registration Statement filed on May 10, 2007 (Reg. No. 333-142796).
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 4.01
Pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among Oracle Corporation (the "," formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A. (the ""), as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, the Original Trustee and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee for any and all securities issued thereunder subsequent to the date of such amendment (the ""), the undersigned officers do hereby certify, in connection with the issuance of (i) $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2009 ("") and (ii) $1,000,000,000 aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2010 ("," and, together with the Notes due May 14, 2009, the ""), that the terms of the Notes are as follows:
Base Indenture
Issuer
Original Trustee
Indenture
Trustee
Notes due May 14, 2009
Notes due May 14, 2010
Notes
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture.
 
 
Subject to the representations, warranties and covenants described in the Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Issuer shall be entitled, subject to authorization by the Board of Directors of the Issuer and an Officers' Certificate, to issue additional notes from time to time under each series of notes issued hereby. Any such additional notes of a series shall have identical terms as the Notes due May 14, 2009 or the Notes due May 14, 2010, as the case may be, issued on the issue date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and the issue price (together the ""). Any Additional Notes will be issued in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Indenture.
Additional Notes
Each such officer has read and understands the provisions of the Indenture and the definitions relating thereto. The statements made in this Officers' Certificate are based upon the examination of the provisions of the Indenture and upon the relevant books and records of the Issuer. In such officers' opinion, they have made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such officers to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions of such Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. In such officers' opinion, such covenants and conditions have been complied with.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officers of the Issuer have duly executed this certificate as of May 15, 2007.
 
EXHIBIT A
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on May 14, 2009.
Issuer
                    
Interest Payment Dates: February 14, May 14, August 14 and November 14 (each, an ""), commencing August 14, 2007.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: the Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date (the "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: May 15, 2007
 
 
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from May 15, 2007, or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which payment has been paid or provided for; provided, that if an Interest Payment Date for this Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, unless such next succeeding Business Day would be in the following month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 14, 2007. Interest will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in an interest period and a 360-day year.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
The interest rate for each interest period will be determined by the calculation agent. Initially, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. will act as calculation agent. The Issuer may change any calculation agent without notice to the Holders. The interest rate for a particular interest period will be a per annum rate equal to three-month USD LIBOR as determined on the interest determination date plus 0.02%. The interest determination date for an interest period will be the second London business day preceding such interest period.
A London business day is a day on which dealings in deposits in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market.
On any interest determination date, USD LIBOR will be equal to the offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars having an index maturity of three months, in amounts of at least $1,000,000, as such rate appears on "Reuters Page LIBOR01" at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such interest determination date. If, on an interest determination date, such rate does not appear on the "Reuters Page LIBOR01" as of 11:00 a.m. (London time), or if the "Reuters Page LIBOR01" is not available on such date, the calculation agent will obtain such rate from Bloomberg L.P.'s page "BBAM."
If no offered rate appears on "Reuters Page LIBOR01" or Bloomberg L.P. page "BBAM" on an interest determination date at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, then the calculation agent (after consultation with the Issuer) will select four major banks in the London interbank market and shall request each of their principal London offices to provide a quotation of the rate at which three-month deposits in U.S. dollars in amounts of at least $1,000,000 are offered by it to prime banks in the London interbank market, on that date and at that time, that is representative of single transactions at that time. If at least two quotations are provided, USD LIBOR will be the arithmetic average of the quotations provided. Otherwise, the calculation agent will select three major banks in New York City and shall request each of them to provide a quotation of the rate offered by them at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the interest determination date for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks having an index maturity of three months for the applicable interest period in an amount of at least $1,000,000 that is representative of single transactions at that time. If three quotations are provided, USD LIBOR will be the arithmetic average of the quotations provided. Otherwise, the rate of USD LIBOR for the next interest period will be set equal to the rate of USD LIBOR for the then current interest period.
Upon request from any Holder, the calculation agent will provide the interest rate in effect on the Notes for the current interest period and, if it has been determined, the interest rate to be in effect for the next interest period.
Dollar amounts resulting from such calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2009 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A. (the ""), as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, the Original Trustee and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated May 15, 2007, issued pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 2.03 of the Indenture. This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Original Trustee
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture.
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will
automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
 
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
and irrevocably appoint                                      agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
EXHIBIT B
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on May 14, 2010.
Issuer
                    
Interest Payment Dates: February 14, May 14, August 14 and November 14 (each, an ""), commencing August 14, 2007.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: the Business Day preceding the Interest Payment Date (the "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: May 15, 2007
 
 
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from May 15, 2007, or the most recent Interest Payment Date to which payment has been paid or provided for; provided, that if an Interest Payment Date for this Note falls on a day that is not a Business Day the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day, unless such next succeeding Business Day would be in the following month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest quarterly in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing August 14, 2007. Interest will be computed on the basis of the actual number of days in an interest period and a 360-day year.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
The interest rate for each interest period will be determined by the calculation agent. Initially, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. will act as calculation agent. The Issuer may change any calculation agent without notice to the Holders. The interest rate for a particular interest period will be a per annum rate equal to three-month USD LIBOR as determined on the interest determination date plus 0.06%. The interest determination date for an interest period will be the second London business day preceding such interest period.
A London business day is a day on which dealings in deposits in U.S. dollars are transacted in the London interbank market.
On any interest determination date, USD LIBOR will be equal to the offered rate for deposits in U.S. dollars having an index maturity of three months, in amounts of at least $1,000,000, as such rate appears on "Reuters Page LIBOR01" at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such interest determination date. If, on an interest determination date, such rate does not appear on the "Reuters Page LIBOR01" as of 11:00 a.m. (London time), or if the "Reuters Page LIBOR01" is not available on such date, the calculation agent will obtain such rate from Bloomberg L.P.'s page "BBAM."
If no offered rate appears on "Reuters Page LIBOR01" or Bloomberg L.P. page "BBAM" on an interest determination date at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, then the calculation agent (after consultation with the Issuer) will select four major banks in the London interbank market and shall request each of their principal London offices to provide a quotation of the rate at which three-month deposits in U.S. dollars in amounts of at least $1,000,000 are offered by it to prime banks in the London interbank market, on that date and at that time, that is representative of single transactions at that time. If at least two quotations are provided, USD LIBOR will be the arithmetic average of the quotations provided. Otherwise, the calculation agent will select three major banks in New York City and shall request each of them to provide a quotation of the rate offered by them at approximately 11:00 a.m., New York City time, on the interest determination date for loans in U.S. dollars to leading European banks having an index maturity of three months for the applicable interest period in an amount of at least $1,000,000 that is representative of single transactions at that time. If three quotations are provided, USD LIBOR will be the arithmetic average of the quotations provided. Otherwise, the rate of USD LIBOR for the next interest period will be set equal to the rate of USD LIBOR for the then current interest period.
Upon request from any Holder, the calculation agent will provide the interest rate in effect on the Notes for the current interest period and, if it has been determined, the interest rate to be in effect for the next interest period.
Dollar amounts resulting from such calculation will be rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2010 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A. (the ""), as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, the Original Trustee and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated May 15, 2007, issued pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 2.03 of the Indenture. This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Original Trustee
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture.
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will
automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
 
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
and irrevocably appoint                                      agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 

Exhibit 5.01
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, CA 94065
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as counsel for Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), in connection with the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (the "," Registration No. 333-142796) filed on May 10, 2007 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "") pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the ""), for the registration of the sale of securities of the Company, including debt securities, which Registration Statement became automatically effective upon filing.
Company
Registration Statement
Commission
Securities Act
We have also acted as counsel to the Company in connection with the Company's offering of $1,000,000,000 principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2009 and $1,000,000,000 principal amount of Floating Rate Notes due May 14, 2010 (collectively, the "") in an underwritten public offering pursuant to an underwriting agreement (the "") dated May 10, 2007 between the Company and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. (the ""). The Notes are to be issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Company (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A. (the ""), as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Company, the Original Trustee and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee for any and all securities issued under the Indenture subsequent to the date of such amendment (the "").
Notes
Underwriting Agreement
Underwriter
Base Indenture
Original Trustee
Indenture
Trustee
We, as your counsel, have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of rendering this opinion.
On the basis of the foregoing, we advise you that, in our opinion, the Notes have been duly authorized in accordance with the Indenture, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriter in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and equitable principles of general applicability.
We are members of the Bars of the States of New York and California and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (including the statutory provisions, all applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting the foregoing).
 
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on May 15, 2007. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by or furnished to any other person without our prior written consent.
Very truly yours,
/s/ Davis Polk & Wardwell


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070626161208.txt.gz
TIME:20070626161208
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code (650) 506-7000
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2  Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On June 26, 2007, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year ended May 31, 2007. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (d) Exhibits
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
               
For Immediate Release
     REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 26, 2007Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that fiscal 2007 Q4 GAAP earnings per share were up 27% to $0.31, compared to the same quarter last year. Fourth quarter GAAP revenues were up 20% to $5.8 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 23% to $1.6 billion. Total GAAP software revenues were up 19% to $4.8 billion. GAAP new license revenues were up 17% with GAAP database and middleware new license revenues up 18% and GAAP applications new license revenues up 13%. GAAP services revenues were up 26% to $1.1 billion compared to the same quarter last year.
     Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 28% to $0.37, and non-GAAP net income was up 24% to $1.9 billion compared to Q4 last year.
     For fiscal year 2007, GAAP earnings per share were up 27% to $0.81. Fiscal year 2007 GAAP revenues were up 25% to $18.0 billion, while annual GAAP net income was up 26% to $4.3 billion. Total GAAP software revenues for the year were up 23% to $14.2 billion with GAAP database and middleware new license revenues up 16% and GAAP applications new license revenues up 32%. Annual GAAP services revenues were $3.8 billion, up 33% compared to the year ago period.
     Fiscal year 2007 non-GAAP earnings per share were up 25% year over year to $1.01. Annual non-GAAP net income was up 25% to $5.3 billion compared to fiscal year 2006.
     "If you have the right strategy and the best technology it will show up in your results", said Oracle President and CFO Safra Catz. "The numbers speak for themselves. Annual revenue
 
increased $3.6 billion to $18 billion, operating income increased $1.2 billion to $6 billion, and cash flow from operations increased $1 billion to $5.5 billion. It was a great year."
     "Over the last twelve months Oracle's application new software license revenues grew at a rate of 32% while SAP's growth slowed to 10% in their most recent fiscal year", said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "Our strategy of combining innovation with acquisitions is clearly beating SAP's strategy of trying to build everything themselves using a 1970s-era proprietary programming language."
     "Oracle's unique database grid architecture has enabled us to take market share from IBM", said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "Gartner's just published database research report confirms that Oracle's database market share has now increased to 47% while IBM's share declined to 21%. IBM has been unable to match the performance and reliability of Oracle database grids."
     
Q4 Earnings Announcement
     Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the weblink is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
     
About Oracle
     Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
     
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
     Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing or acquired products. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of June 26, 2007. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
: Business combination accounting rules require us to account for the fair value of support contracts assumed in connection with our acquisitions. Because these are typically one-year contracts, our GAAP revenues for the one-year period subsequent to our acquisitions do not reflect the full amount of software license updates and product support revenues on assumed support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired entities. The non-GAAP adjustment is intended to reflect the full amount of such revenues. We believe this adjustment is useful to investors as a measure of the ongoing performance of our business because we have historically experienced high renewal rates on support contracts, although we cannot be certain that customers will renew these contracts.
 - 
Support deferred revenue
: We adopted FASB Statement No. 123R, , on June 1, 2006 under the modified prospective method. Statement 123R requires us to record non-cash operating expenses associated with stock option awards at their estimated fair values. Prior to our Statement 123R adoption, we were required to record stock-based compensation expenses at intrinsic values, which were substantially related to options assumed from acquisitions. In accordance with the modified prospective method, our financial statements for prior periods have not been restated to reflect, and do not include, the changes in methodology to expense options at fair values in accordance with Statement 123R. Although stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to our employees, and we believe such compensation contributed to the revenues earned during the periods presented and also believe it will contribute to the generation of future period revenues, we continue to evaluate our business performance excluding stock-based compensation expenses. Stock-based compensation expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Stock-based compensation expenses
Share-Based Payments
: We have excluded the effect of amortization of intangibles from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income. Amortization of intangible assets expense is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. Investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to future period revenues as well. Amortization expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Amortization of intangible assets expenses
: We incurred significant expenses in connection with acquisitions, which we would not have otherwise incurred in the periods presented. Acquisition related charges primarily consist of in-process research and development expenses, integration-related professional services, stock-based compensation expenses (in addition to the stock-based compensation expenses described above) and personnel related expenses for transitional employees. Stock-based compensation expenses included in acquisition related charges resulted from unvested options assumed in acquisitions whose vesting was fully accelerated upon termination of the employees pursuant to the terms of the options. Restructuring expenses consist of Oracle employee severance and Oracle duplicate facility closures in connection with acquisitions. We believe it is useful for investors to understand the effect of these expenses on our cost structure. Although acquisition related charges and restructuring costs are not recurring with respect to past acquisitions, we will incur these expenses in connection with future acquisitions.
 - 
Acquisition related charges and restructuring expenses
For the year ended May 31, 2007, acquisition related charges also included a benefit related to the settlement of a lawsuit filed against PeopleSoft, Inc. on behalf of the U.S. government. This lawsuit was filed in October 2003, prior to our acquisition of PeopleSoft. The lawsuit alleged PeopleSoft made defective pricing disclosures to the General Services Administration. This lawsuit represented a pre-acquisition contingency that we identified and assumed in connection with the PeopleSoft acquisition. On October 10, 2006, we agreed to pay the U.S. government $98.5 million to settle this lawsuit. Business combination accounting standards require that after the end of the purchase price allocation period, any adjustment that results from a pre-acquisition contingency should be included as an element of net income in the period of settlement, versus an adjustment to the original purchase price allocation. Since the purchase price allocation period for PeopleSoft ended in the third quarter of our fiscal year 2006, the favorable difference of $51.5 million between the estimated exposure recorded for this lawsuit during the purchase price allocation period and the actual settlement amount has been included in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended May 31, 2007 as a component of acquisition related charges.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20070920165444.txt.gz
TIME:20070920165444
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code (650) 506-7000
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
      Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
      Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
      Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
      Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2  Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On September 20, 2007, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended August 31, 2007. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
     REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Sept. 20, 2007  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2008 Q1 GAAP earnings per share were up 28% to $0.16, compared to the same quarter last year. First quarter total GAAP revenues were up 26% to $4.5 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 25% to $840 million. Total GAAP software revenues were up 26% to $3.5 billion with GAAP new software license revenues up 35% to $1.1 billion. Database and middleware new license revenues were up 23% and applications new license revenues were up 65%. Services revenues were up 25% to $1.1 billion, compared to the same quarter last year.
     First quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 27% to $0.22, and non-GAAP net income was up 25% to $1.2 billion, compared to the same quarter last year.
     "We reported new software license revenues up 35%, the strongest growth of any quarter in ten years," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz, "and that software sales growth is translating nicely into EPS growth. We've now completed thirteen quarters of our five year EPS growth plan of 20% per year, and we are delivering earnings growth well ahead of that target."
     "We continue to take applications market share from SAP," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "In Q1 Oracle's applications new license sales grew 65% compared to SAP's new license sales growth rate of 18% in their most recently completed quarter. We like our growth strategy of expanding into high-end industry specific vertical
 
software as opposed to SAP's growth strategy of moving down market to sell software to small companies."
     "Our Q1 database and middleware new license sales growth rate of 23% was the highest in seven years," said CEO, Larry Ellison. "Oracle passed IBM to become the number one database company a long time ago. If we continue to grow our middleware software business at the same rate we grew it this quarter, Oracle will challenge IBM for the number one position in middleware by the end of this year."
Q1 Earnings Announcement
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the weblink is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2)
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing or acquired products. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of September 20, 2007. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
    : Business combination accounting rules require us to account for the fair value of support contracts assumed in connection with our acquisitions. Because these are typically one-year contracts, our GAAP revenues for the one-year period subsequent to our acquisitions do not reflect the full amount of software license updates and product support revenues on assumed support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired entities. The non-GAAP adjustment is intended to reflect the full amount of such revenues. We believe this adjustment is useful to investors as a measure of the ongoing performance of our business because we have historically experienced high renewal rates on support contracts, although we cannot be certain that customers will renew these contracts.
 - 
Support deferred revenue
   : We have excluded the effect of stock-based compensation expenses from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income. Although stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to our employees, and we believe such compensation contributed to the revenues earned during the periods presented and also believe it will contribute to the generation of future period revenues, we continue to evaluate our business performance excluding stock-based compensation expenses. Stock-based compensation expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Stock-based compensation expenses
    : We have excluded the effect of amortization of intangibles from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income. Amortization of intangible assets expense is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. Investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to future period revenues as well. Amortization expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Amortization of intangible assets expenses
   : We incurred significant expenses in connection with acquisitions, which we would not have otherwise incurred in the periods presented. Acquisition related charges primarily consist of in-process research and development expenses, integration-related professional services, stock-based compensation expenses (in addition to the stock-based compensation expenses described above) and personnel related expenses for transitional employees. Stock-based compensation expenses included in acquisition related charges resulted from unvested options assumed in acquisitions whose vesting was fully accelerated upon termination of the employees pursuant to the terms of the options. Restructuring expenses consist of Oracle employee severance and Oracle duplicate facility closures in connection with acquisitions. We believe it is useful for investors to understand the effect of these expenses on our cost structure. Although acquisition related charges and restructuring costs are not recurring with respect to past acquisitions, we will incur these expenses in connection with future acquisitions.
 - 
Acquisition related charges and restructuring expenses


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20071219162352.txt.gz
TIME:20071219162352
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code (650) 506-7000
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2  Financial Information
Item 2.02    Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On December 19, 2007, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended November 30, 2007. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
     REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 19, 2007  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2008 Q2 GAAP earnings per share were up 36% to $0.25, compared to the same quarter last year. Second quarter total GAAP revenues were up 28% to $5.3 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 35% to $1.3 billion. Total GAAP software revenues were up 29% to $4.2 billion with GAAP new software license revenues up 38% to $1.7 billion. Database and middleware new license revenues were up 28% and applications new license revenues were up 63%. Services revenues were up 22% to $1.2 billion, compared to the same quarter last year.
     Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 40% to $0.31, and non-GAAP net income was up 38% to $1.6 billion, compared to the same quarter last year.
     "In Q1 we reported new software license revenues up 35%, the strongest growth of any quarter in ten years," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "In Q2 we did even better with new software license sales up 38%. GAAP EPS were up 36%; non-GAAP EPS were up 40%. We exceeded our guidance and our best case forecast with strong revenue growth across all product lines and geographies."
     "In Q2 Oracle's applications new license sales grew 63% compared to SAP's new license sales growth rate of 15% in their most recently completed quarter," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "We like our growth strategy of expanding beyond ERP into high-end industry specific vertical software in contrast to SAP's strategy of moving down market to sell ERP systems to small companies."
     "Our database and middleware new license sales grew 28% in Q2," said CEO, Larry Ellison. "We continue to take market share from IBM in both product categories."
 
Q2 Earnings Announcement
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PST) / 5:00 p.m. (EST). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the weblink is visible.
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit http://www.oracle.com/investor or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing or acquired products. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this release is current as of December 19, 2007. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 -  : Business combination accounting rules require us to account for the fair value of support contracts assumed in connection with our acquisitions. Because these are typically one-year contracts, our GAAP revenues for the one-year period subsequent to our acquisitions do not reflect the full amount of software license updates and product support revenues on assumed support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired entities. The non-GAAP adjustment is intended to reflect the full amount of such revenues. We believe this adjustment is useful to investors as a measure of the ongoing performance of our business because we have historically experienced high renewal rates on support contracts, although we cannot be certain that customers will renew these contracts.
Support deferred revenue
 -  : We have excluded the effect of stock-based compensation expenses from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income. Although stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to our employees, and we believe such compensation contributed to the revenues earned during the periods presented and also believe it will contribute to the generation of future period revenues, we continue to evaluate our business performance excluding stock-based compensation expenses. Stock-based compensation expenses will recur in future periods.
Stock-based compensation expenses
 -  : We have excluded the effect of amortization of intangibles from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income. Amortization of intangible assets expense is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. Investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to future period revenues as well. Amortization expenses will recur in future periods.
Amortization of intangible assets expenses
 -  : We incurred significant expenses in connection with acquisitions, which we would not have otherwise incurred in the periods presented. Acquisition related charges primarily consist of in-process research and development expenses, integration-related professional services, stock-based compensation expenses (in addition to the stock-based compensation expenses described above) and personnel related expenses for transitional employees. Stock-based compensation expenses included in acquisition related charges primarily resulted from unvested options assumed in acquisitions whose vesting was fully accelerated upon termination of the employees pursuant to the terms of the options. Restructuring expenses consist of Oracle employee severance and other exit costs, generally in connection with our acquisitions. We believe it is useful for investors to understand the effect of these expenses on our cost structure. Although acquisition related charges and restructuring costs are not recurring with respect to past acquisitions, we will incur these expenses in connection with future acquisitions.
Acquisition related charges and restructuring expenses
For the three and six months ended November 30, 2006, acquisition related charges also included a benefit related to the settlement of a lawsuit filed against PeopleSoft, Inc. on behalf of the U.S. government. This lawsuit was filed in October 2003, prior to our acquisition of PeopleSoft and represented a pre-acquisition contingency that we identified and assumed in connection with our acquisition of PeopleSoft. In October 2006, we agreed to pay the U.S. government $98 million to settle this lawsuit. Business combination accounting standards require that after the end of the purchase price allocation period, any adjustment that results from a pre-acquisition contingency should be included as an element of net income in the period of settlement, versus an adjustment to the original purchase price allocation. Since the purchase price allocation period for PeopleSoft ended in the third quarter of fiscal 2006, the favorable difference of $52 million between the estimated exposure recorded for this lawsuit during the purchase price allocation period and the actual settlement amount has been included in our consolidated statement of operations for the three and six months ended November 30, 2006 as a component of acquisition related charges.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080118111411.txt.gz
TIME:20080118111411
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
On January 16, 2008, Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Oracle"), BEA Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("BEA") and Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle ("Merger Subsidiary") entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") pursuant to which Merger Subsidiary will, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions therein, merge with and into BEA, the separate corporate existence of Merger Subsidiary shall cease and BEA shall be the successor or surviving corporation of the merger (the "Merger").
Upon the consummation of the Merger, (i) BEA will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle and (ii) each share of BEA common stock will be converted into the right to receive $19.375 in cash, without interest. In addition, options to acquire BEA common stock, BEA restricted stock unit awards, BEA restricted stock awards and other equity-based awards denominated in shares of BEA common stock outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger will be converted into options, restricted stock unit award, restricted stock awards or other equity-based award, as the case may be, denominated in shares of Oracle common stock based on formulas contained in the Merger Agreement, except for equity-based awards held by a person who is not an employee of, or a consultant to, BEA or any of its subsidiaries, which equity-based awards shall be converted into the right to receive cash based on formulas contained in the Merger Agreement.
The transaction is subject to BEA stockholder approval, regulatory clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the applicable merger control laws of the European Commission and other jurisdictions, and other customary closing conditions.
The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both BEA and Oracle and further provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, (i) BEA may be obligated to pay Oracle a termination fee of $250,000,000 and (ii) Oracle may be obligated to pay to BEA a reverse termination fee of $500,000,000.
In connection with the Merger, Oracle entered into voting agreements with Alfred Chuang, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of BEA and certain stockholders of BEA affiliated with Carl C. Icahn that beneficially own approximately 13% of BEA's common stock, pursuant to which they have agreed to vote their shares of BEA stock in favor of the Merger (the "Voting Agreements").
The Merger Agreement and the Voting Agreements have been filed as exhibits to this Form 8-K to provide information regarding the terms of the agreements and are not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about Oracle or BEA in Oracle's public reports filed with the SEC. In particular, the Merger Agreement and the Voting Agreements are not intended to be, and should not be relied upon as, disclosures regarding any facts and circumstances relating to Oracle and BEA.
The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Voting Agreements does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such agreements. A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the Voting Agreements with the stockholders affiliated with Carl C. Icahn and Alfred Chuang are filed, respectively, as Exhibit 2.2 and 2.3, hereto, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 8.01 Other Events
On January 16, 2008, Oracle and BEA issued a joint press release announcing that they had entered into the Merger Agreement.
A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and BEA including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of BEA. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or BEA. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, general economic conditions, industry specific conditions and the possibility that Oracle or BEA may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and BEA, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and BEA's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or BEA. Oracle and BEA are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform to actual results.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find it
In connection with the proposed merger, BEA will file a proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") Additionally, BEA and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of BEA by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and BEA. The materials to be filed by BEA with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of BEA are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, BEA and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of BEA stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and in other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of BEA's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of BEA stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and will be set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger when it becomes available.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: January 18, 2008
 
Exhibit
 

Exhibit 2.3
This VOTING AGREEMENT (this ""), dated as of January 16, 2008, is entered into by and among each of the individuals listed as "Stockholder" on the signature pages hereof (" and, collectively, the "") and Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("").
Agreement
Stockholder
Stockholders
Parent
WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and BEA Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the ""), providing, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the ""); and
Merger Sub
Company
Merger Agreement
Merger
WHEREAS, Parent and Merger Sub, as a condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, have required assurances from the Stockholders regarding such Stockholder's support for the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and agreement as to the other matters set forth in this Agreement, and the Stockholders have agreed to provide such assurances by entering into this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Company has approved the entry by Parent, Merger Sub and Stockholders into this Agreement for purposes of Section 203 of the Delaware Law and has amended its Company Rights Agreement so that this Agreement does not cause a "Shares Acquisition Date" or "Distribution Date" to occur under the Company Rights Agreement.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and in the Merger Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. . For the purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this Section 1. Other capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.
Certain Definitions
"" means all shares of Company Common Stock and any other equity securities of the Company which are Beneficially Owned by such Stockholder or any of its Affiliates and are acquired after the date hereof and prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Additional Owned Shares
"" has the meaning set forth in the Merger Agreement; , , that the Company shall be deemed not to be an Affiliate of Stockholder.
Affiliate
provided
however
"," "" and "" have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Act.
Beneficially Owned
Beneficial Owner
Beneficial Ownership
"" means the Owned Shares and Additional Owned Shares.
Covered Shares
"" means all shares of Company Common Stock and any other equity securities of the Company which are Beneficially Owned by such Stockholder or any of its Affiliates as of the date hereof.
Owned Shares
"" has the meaning assigned thereto in hereof.
Term
Section 6
"" means the earlier of (x) the date of the Stockholder Meeting to approve the Merger or the Merger Agreement and (y) May 30, 2008.
Termination Date
"" means, with respect to a security, the transfer, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition (whether by sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution, dividend, distribution or otherwise) of such security or the Beneficial Ownership thereof, the offer to make such a transfer or other disposition, and each option, agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing; , that "Transfer" shall not include the holding or transfer by the Stockholder of Covered Shares in or to margin accounts or its prime brokerage accounts or holdings or transfers to its other brokerage accounts or custody arrangements. As a verb, "" shall have a correlative meaning.
Transfer
provided
Transfer
2. .
Stockholder Vote
(a) . The parties understand that the Company will call a stockholders meeting to be held on or after April 4, 2008, and the Stockholders agree that at any meeting of the stockholders of the Company held on or after April 4, 2008, however called, or at any adjournment thereof, or in any other circumstance in which the vote, consent or other approval of the stockholders of the Company is sought with respect to the Merger Agreement or any Acquisition Proposal or any proposal relating to the Merger Agreement or any Acquisition Proposal, each Stockholder shall, and shall cause any other holder of record of any Covered Shares to (i) appear at each such meeting or otherwise cause all Covered Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating a quorum and (ii) vote (or cause to be voted), or execute and deliver a written consent (or cause a written consent to be executed and delivered) covering, all Covered Shares (A) in favor of the Merger, the execution and delivery by the Company of the Merger Agreement and the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the terms thereof, in favor of each of the other actions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and in favor of any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; (B) against (i) any Acquisition Proposal or any proposal relating to an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) any merger agreement or merger (other than the Merger Agreement and the Merger), consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company, or (iii) any amendment of the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws that, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) would (1) impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify any provision of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the Merger, (2) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement, or (3) change in any manner the voting rights of the Covered Shares. No Stockholder shall commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.
Voting Agreement
 
(b) . Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, each Stockholder agrees to deliver to Parent an irrevocable proxy in the form attached as hereto (the ""), which shall be irrevocable to the extent permitted by applicable law, covering all Covered Shares. Each Stockholder hereby represents to Parent that any proxies heretofore given in respect of the Covered Shares are not irrevocable and that any such proxies are hereby revoked, and each Stockholder agrees to promptly notify the Company of such revocation. Each Stockholder hereby affirms that the Proxy is given in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of Stockholder under this Agreement. Each Stockholder hereby further affirms that the Proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. If for any reason the proxy granted herein is not irrevocable, each Stockholder agrees to vote the Covered Shares in accordance with hereof.
Irrevocable Proxy
Exhibit A
Proxy
Section 2(a)
3. . Each Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees that between the date hereof and earlier of: (x) the first record date (the "Record Date") established (in compliance with Section 6.02 of the Merger Agreement) after the date hereof by the Company with respect to the Stockholder Meeting to approve the Merger or the Merger Agreement and (y) the Termination Date, except as contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, such Stockholder shall not (a) offer to Transfer, Transfer or consent to any Transfer of any or all of the Covered Shares or any interest therein without the prior written consent of Parent and (b) enter into any contract, option or other agreement or understanding with respect to any Transfer of any or all Covered Shares or any interest therein. Each Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees that from the date hereof until the date of the Stockholder Meeting, such Stockholder shall not (a) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent in or with respect to any or all of the Covered Shares, (b) deposit any or all of the Covered Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any or all of the Covered Shares or (c) take any other action that would make any representation or warranty of such Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect in any material respect or in any way restrict, limit or interfere in any material respect with the performance of such Stockholder's obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement. Any attempted Transfer of Covered Shares or any interest therein in violation of this Section 3 shall be null and void. This Section 3 shall not prohibit a Transfer of the Covered Shares by Stockholder (A) if such Stockholder is an individual (i) to any member of such Stockholder's immediate family, or to a trust for the benefit of such Stockholder or any member of such Stockholder's immediate family, or (ii) upon the death of such Stockholder, or (B) if such Stockholder is a partnership or limited liability company, to one or more partners or members of such Stockholder or to an affiliated entity under common control with such Stockholder; providedthat a Transfer referred to in this sentence shall be permitted only if, as a precondition to such Transfer, the transferee agrees in a writing, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Parent, to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement.
No Disposition
,
4. .
Additional Agreements
(a) . In the event of any stock split, stock dividend, merger, reorganization, recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of the Company affecting
Certain Events
 
the Covered Shares or the acquisition of Additional Owned Shares or other securities or rights of the Company by Stockholder or any of its Affiliates, (i) the type and number of Covered Shares shall be adjusted appropriately and (ii) this Agreement and the obligations hereunder shall automatically attach to any additional Covered Shares or other securities or rights of the Company issued to or acquired by Stockholder or any of its Affiliates.
(b) . Each Stockholder hereby (i) waives and agrees not to exercise any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent from the Merger that such Stockholder may have and (ii) agrees not to commence or participate in, and to take all actions necessary to opt out of any class in any class action with respect to, any claim, derivative or otherwise, against Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any of their respective successors relating to the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or the consummation of the Merger, including any claim (x) challenging the validity of, seeking to enjoin the operation of, any provision of this Agreement or (y) alleging a breach of any fiduciary duty of the Board of Directors of the Company in connection with the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.
Waiver of Appraisal and Dissenters' Rights and Actions
(c) . Unless required by applicable law, each Stockholder shall not, and shall cause its Representatives not to, make any press release, public announcement or other public communication that criticizes or disparages this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, without the prior written consent of Parent. Each Stockholder hereby (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent of such Stockholder's identity and holding of Covered Shares, and the nature of such Stockholder's commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement, and any other information that Parent reasonably determines to be necessary in any SEC disclosure document in connection with the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) agrees as promptly as practicable to notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such disclosure document.
Communications
(d) . Each Stockholder hereby agrees, while this Agreement is in effect, to notify Parent promptly in writing of the number and description of any Additional Owned Shares.
Additional Owned Shares
5. . Each Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:
Representations and Warranties of Stockholder
(a) . Subject to normal margin and prime brokerage accounts, such Stockholder is the Beneficial Owner of the shares of Company Common Stock set forth on (the ""). The Disclosed Owned Shares constitute all of the capital stock and any other equity securities of the Company Beneficially Owned by such Stockholder and its Affiliates on the date hereof and neither such Stockholder nor any of its Affiliates is the Beneficial Owner of, or has any right to acquire (whether currently, upon lapse of time, following the satisfaction of any conditions, upon the occurrence of any event or any combination of the foregoing) any shares of Company Common Stock or any other equity securities of the Company or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock or such other equity securities, in each case other than the
Title
Schedule I
Disclosed Owned Shares
 
Disclosed Owned Shares. Such Stockholder has all necessary voting power, power of disposition and power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth in and hereof and all other the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the Owned Shares with no limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to applicable securities laws and the terms of this Agreement.
Sections 3
4
(b) . Such Stockholder has all necessary power and authority and legal capacity to execute, deliver and perform all of such Stockholder's obligations under this Agreement, and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and no other proceedings or actions on the part of such Stockholder are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
Authority
(c) . This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such Stockholder and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Parent, constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of Stockholder, enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance with its terms. If Stockholder is married, and any of the Covered Shares constitute community property or spousal approval is otherwise necessary for this Agreement to be legal, binding and enforceable, this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of, Stockholder's spouse, enforceable in accordance with its terms. None of the Covered Shares is subject to any voting trust or other agreement or arrangement with respect to the voting of such Covered Shares.
Due Execution and Delivery
(d) . None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Stockholder, the consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby or compliance by such Stockholder with any of the provisions hereof will conflict with or result in a breach, or constitute a default (with or without notice of lapse of time or both) under any provision of, any trust agreement, loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, notice, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to such Stockholder or to such Stockholder's property or assets.
No Conflict or Default
(e) . There is no suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of such Stockholder, threatened against such Stockholder at law or in equity before or by any Governmental Entity that could reasonably be expected to impair the ability of such Stockholder to perform its obligations hereunder or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
No Litigation
6. . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term (the "") of this Agreement, the Proxy granted pursuant hereto and the obligations of the parties hereto shall commence on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the earliest of (i) the mutual agreement of Parent and Stockholder, (ii) the Effective Time; (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms; and (iv) any decrease in the Merger Consideration, change in the form of such consideration or any other change in the Merger Agreement that is material and adverse to the Stockholder; that nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement occurring during the Term of this Agreement.
Termination
Term
provided
 
7. . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit any Stockholder who is an officer or member of the Board of Directors of the Company from taking any action solely in his or her capacity as an officer or member of the Board of Directors of the Company or from taking any action with respect to any Acquisition Proposal as an officer or member of such Board of Directors.
No Limitation
8. .
Miscellaneous
(a) . This Agreement (together with and ) and the Proxy constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Entire Agreement
Schedule I
Exhibit A
(b) . Each Stockholder agrees to take any other actions reasonably requested by Parent in order to vest, perfect, confirm or record the rights granted to Parent hereunder.
Further Assurances
(c) . This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of the Stockholders (in the case of any assignment by Parent) or Parent (in the case of an assignment by a Stockholder); that Parent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to Merger Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall relieve Parent of its obligations hereunder.
No Assignment
provided
(d) . The parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
Binding Successors
(i) subject to Section 8(d)(iii), prior to the Record Date, each Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the Proxy and the obligations hereunder and thereunder shall attach to the Covered Shares Beneficially Owned by such Stockholder and its Affiliates and shall be binding upon any person to which legal or Beneficial Ownership of such Covered Shares shall pass prior to the Record Date, whether by operation of law or otherwise, including, without limitation, Stockholder's heirs, guardians, administrators or successors;
(ii) between the Record Date and the Termination Date, each Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the Proxy and the obligations hereunder and thereunder shall attach to the Covered Shares Beneficially Owned by such Stockholder and its Affiliates. In the event that any Stockholder shall Transfer any Covered Shares between the Record Date and the Termination Date, which Transfers are made through privately negotiated transaction, by operation of law or otherwise (including, without limitation, Transfers to such Stockholder's heirs, guardians, administrators or successors), it shall be a condition of such Transfer that such person agrees to be a party to this Agreement and shall be bound by the terms of this Agreement; provided, however, that any Transfer occurring through the NASDAQ shall be free and clear of this Agreement and the obligations arising hereunder (and the transferee thereof shall take such Covered Shares free and clear of all such obligations arising hereunder) and that Parent shall have no right with regard to such Covered Shares; and
(iii) anything to the contrary in this Agreement notwithstanding, following the Termination Date, each Stockholder may Transfer Covered Shares by any means and such Transfers shall be free and clear of this Agreement and the Proxy and the obligations arising
 
hereunder and thereunder (and the transferee thereof shall take such Covered Shares free and clear of this Agreement and the Proxy and the obligations arising hereunder and thereunder) and that Parent shall have no right with regard to such Covered Shares.
(e) . This Agreement may not be amended, changed, supplemented or otherwise modified except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of Parent and Stockholder.
Amendments
(f) . All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly received) (i) upon receipt, if delivered personally or by first class mail, postage pre-paid, (ii) on the date of transmission, if sent by facsimile transmission (with confirmation of receipt), or (iii) on the Business Day after dispatch, if sent by nationally recognized, documented overnight delivery service, as follows:
Notice
:
If to Stockholder
At the address and facsimile number set forth on hereto.
Schedule I
:
Copy to
Icahn Enterprises Limited Partnership
Icahn Associates Corp. and Affiliated Companies
767 5th Avenue
New York, NY 10153
Attention: Keith L. Schaitkin, Deputy General Counsel
Facsimile: (212) 688-1158
:
If to Parent
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, CA 94065
Attention: General Counsel
Facsimile No.: (650) 633-1813
:
Copy to
Latham & Watkins LLP
505 Montgomery Street Suite #2000
San Francisco, CA 94111
Attention: John M. Newell, Esq.
Facsimile No.: (415) 395-8095
or to such other address or facsimile number as the person to whom notice is given may have previously furnished to the other parties hereto in writing in the manner set forth above.
 
(g) . This Agreement shall be deemed severable; the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the balance of this Agreement or of any other term hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. If any of the provisions hereof are determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible.
Severability
(h) . All rights, powers and remedies provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity shall be cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise of any such right, power or remedy by any party hereto shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power or remedy by such party.
Remedies
(i) . The failure of any party hereto to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any other party hereto with such party's obligations hereunder, and any custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof, shall not constitute a waiver by such party of such party's right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to demand such compliance.
No Waiver
(j) . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.
No Third Party Beneficiaries
(k) . This Agreement, and all matters arising hereunder or in connection herewith, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
Governing Law
(l) . Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) consents to the submission to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware sitting in Wilmington, Delaware for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby, (ii) agrees not to commence any action, suit or proceeding relating thereto except in such court and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (iii) agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail, or otherwise in the manner provided for notices in hereof, shall be effective service of process for any such action, suit or proceeding brought against it in any such court, (iv) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action, suit or proceeding in such courts and (v) agrees not to plead or claim in any court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Submission to Jurisdiction
Section 8(f)
(m) . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
Waiver of Jury Trial
 
RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS .
SECTION 8(M)
(n) . The parties hereto hereby agree that irreparable damage to Parent would occur, damages would be difficult to determine and would be an insufficient remedy and no other adequate remedy would exist at law or in equity, in each case in the event that any provision of this Agreement were not fully performed by each Stockholder in accordance with its specific terms or were otherwise breached. Each Stockholder hereby waives any defenses based on the adequacy of any other remedy, whether at law or in equity, that might be asserted as a bar to the remedy of specific performance of any of the terms or provisions hereof or injunctive relief in any action brought therefor by Parent. Accordingly, the parties hereto acknowledge and hereby agree that in the event of any breach or threatened breach by a Stockholder of any of its covenants or obligations set forth in this Agreement, Parent shall be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, including monetary damages) to seek and obtain (i) a decree or order of specific performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation, and (ii) an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach.
Specific Performance
(o) . The descriptive headings used herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The words "include," "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by "without limitation" whether or not they are in fact followed by such words or words of like import. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted for or against any party hereto because that party or its legal representatives drafted the provision. The words "hereof," "hereto," "hereby," "herein," "hereunder" and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not any particular section in which such words appear.
Interpretation
(p) . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Counterparts
(q) . Except as otherwise provided herein, each party hereto shall pay such party's own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement.
Expenses
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent and the Stockholders have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The undersigned stockholder ("") of BEA Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), hereby (i) irrevocably grants to, and appoints, Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and any person designated in writing by Parent, and each of them individually, Stockholder's proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of Stockholder, to vote all of the Covered Shares or grant a consent or approval in respect of the Covered Shares, in accordance with the terms of this Proxy and (ii) revokes any and all proxies heretofore given in respect of the Covered Shares.
Stockholder
Company
Parent
This Proxy is granted pursuant to that certain Voting Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2008, by and between Parent and Stockholder (the ""). For the purposes of this Proxy, "" has the meaning set forth in the Voting Agreement.
Voting Agreement
Covered Shares
Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Proxy is given in connection with the execution of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ""), dated as of the date hereof, by and among Parent, Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and the Company, providing, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of Stockholder under the Voting Agreement. Stockholder hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Merger Agreement
Merger Sub
The attorneys-in-fact and proxies named above are hereby authorized and empowered by the undersigned at any time after the date hereof and prior to the termination of the Voting Agreement to act as the undersigned's attorney-in-fact and proxy to vote the Covered Shares, and to exercise all voting, consent and similar rights of the undersigned with respect to the Covered Shares (including, without limitation, the power to execute and deliver written consents), at every annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of the stockholders of the Company and in every written consent in lieu of such a meeting, solely in the manner set forth in Section 2(a) of the Voting Agreement. No Stockholder shall commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.
Any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the undersigned, except as set forth in Section 8(d) of the Voting Agreement.
This Proxy will terminate and become null and void and of no further effect upon the termination of the Voting Agreement pursuant to Section 6 thereof.
Dated: January 16, 2008
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080122162051.txt.gz
TIME:20080122162051
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
Section 5  Corporate Governance and Management
Election of Director
On January 15, 2008, George H. Conrades accepted an offer to join the Board of Directors of Oracle Corporation. Mr. Conrades will not join any committees of the Board at this time.
Mr. Conrades has served as executive chairman of Akamai Technologies, Inc. since May 2005. Akamai provides services for accelerating and improving the delivery of content and applications over the Internet. Since the beginning of fiscal year 2007, we purchased approximately $145,000 in services from Akamai, and Akamai purchased approximately $2,271,000 in software and services from us. As of December 31, 2007, we have contracted to provide approximately $444,000 of future services to Akamai.
Mr. Conrades' will receive an annual retainer of $52,500 and will receive $3,000 for each regular meeting he attends and $2,000 for each special meeting he attends. He is eligible to participate in our Amended and Restated 1993 Directors' Stock Plan (the "Directors' Plan"), which provides for option grants, restricted stock or other equity-based awards to directors for their services. Pursuant to the Directors' Plan, Mr. Conrades was automatically granted on the date he became a director, January 15, 2008, a stock option to purchase 60,000 shares of our common stock. This stock option will vest 25% per year over four years on each anniversary of the grant date. Commencing May 31, 2009, he will also automatically be granted a stock option to purchase 45,000 shares of our common stock, granted on May 31st of each year. If he is appointed to any committees of the Board, he may be eligible to receive additional fees and equity grants. Mr. Conrades has also entered into our standard form of indemnification agreement pursuant to which we will indemnify him for certain actions he takes in his capacity as a director.
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080227215758.txt.gz
TIME:20080227215758
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01 Other Events
On February 27, 2008, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") issued a press release announcing that the U.S. Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission have granted early termination of the review period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, with respect to the proposed acquisition of BEA Systems, Inc. ("BEA") by Oracle.
As previously announced, BEA has scheduled a special meeting of its stockholders, to be held at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time on Friday, April 4, 2008 to consider and vote on the proposed merger. The transaction still requires BEA stockholder approval and regulatory clearance from the European Commission and is subject to other closing conditions.
A copy of the press release issued by Oracle announcing the termination of the review period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, is filed as an exhibit hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and BEA including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of BEA. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or BEA. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, general economic conditions, industry specific conditions and the possibility that Oracle or BEA may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and BEA, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and BEA's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or BEA. Oracle and BEA are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform to actual results.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find it
In connection with the proposed merger, BEA has filed a preliminary proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Additionally, BEA and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of BEA by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and BEA. The materials filed by BEA with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of BEA are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, BEA and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of BEA stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and in other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of BEA's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of BEA stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and in the proxy statement.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: February 27, 2008
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Contacts:
Deborah Hellinger
Oracle Corporate Communications
650.506.5158
deborah.hellinger@oracle.com
Roy Lobo
Oracle Investor Relations
650.506.4073
investor_us@oracle.com
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that the U.S. Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission have granted early termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino (HSR) review period for Oracle's proposed acquisition of BEA Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: BEAS). As previously announced, BEA has scheduled a special meeting of its stockholders, to be held at 10:00 a.m. Pacific time on Friday, April 4, 2008 to consider and vote on the proposed merger. The transaction still requires BEA stockholder approval and regulatory clearance from the European Commission and is subject to other closing conditions.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif.- Feb. 27, 2008
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at .
http://www.oracle.com
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and BEA including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed
acquisition of BEA. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or BEA. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, general economic conditions, industry specific conditions and the possibility that Oracle or BEA may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and BEA, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and BEA's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or BEA. Oracle and BEA are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform to actual results.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find it
In connection with the proposed merger, BEA has filed a preliminary proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Additionally, BEA and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of BEA by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and BEA. The materials filed by BEA with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at . Investors and security holders of BEA are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
www.sec.gov
Oracle, BEA and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of BEA stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and in other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of BEA's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of BEA stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and in the proxy statement.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080312191419.txt.gz
TIME:20080312191419
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 10, 2008, BEA Systems, Inc. ("BEA") hosted a town hall meeting to discuss the proposed acquisition of BEA by Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") pursuant to the previously disclosed Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 16, 2008, by and among BEA, Oracle and Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle. A copy of the presentation slides prepared by Oracle for BEA employees in connection with the meeting but which were not used at the meeting and which are now available on BEA's intranet is filed as an exhibit hereto and is incorporated herein by reference.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and BEA including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of BEA. Actual events or results may differ materially from those described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or BEA. The potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, general economic conditions, industry specific conditions and the possibility that Oracle or BEA may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and BEA, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and BEA's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or BEA. Oracle and BEA are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform to actual results.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find it
In connection with the proposed acquisition of BEA by Oracle, on March 3, 2008, BEA filed a definitive proxy statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Additionally, BEA and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of BEA by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and BEA. The materials filed by BEA with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of BEA are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, BEA and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of BEA stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and in other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of BEA's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of BEA stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and in the proxy statement.
 
(d) Exhibits
99.1     Presentation slides of Oracle Corporation, dated March 10, 2008.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: March 12, 2008
 
 



</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080321152030.txt.gz
TIME:20080321152030
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1  Registrant's Business and Operations
 
$2,000,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement
On March 18, 2008, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") entered into a $2,000,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") among Oracle; the lenders named therein; Wachovia Bank, National Association ("Wachovia"), as administrative agent; Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent; the documentation agents named therein; and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, as joint lead arranger and sole bookrunner and Banc of America Securities LLC, as joint lead arranger.
The Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured $2,000,000,000 364-day revolving credit facility (the "Facility") to Oracle in order to backstop any commercial paper that Oracle may issue and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Subject to certain conditions stated in the Credit Agreement, Oracle may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the Facility at any time during the term of the Credit Agreement. All amounts under the Credit Agreement are due on March 17, 2009, unless (i) the commitments are terminated earlier either at the request of Oracle or, if an event of default occurs, by the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events) or (ii) the Facility is extended as described below. Interest is based on either (a) a LIBOR-based formula or (b) a formula based on Wachovia's prime rate or on the federal funds effective rate. Oracle may, upon the agreement of either then existing lenders or of additional banks not currently party to the Credit Agreement, extend the termination date of the Facility by an additional 364 days. The Facility may be extended in this manner up to two times in succession.
The Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default, including the requirement that the total net debt to total capitalization ratio of Oracle not exceed 45%. If any of the events of default occur and are not cured within applicable grace periods or waived, any unpaid amounts under the Credit Agreement may be declared immediately due and payable and the commitments may be terminated.
At this time, Oracle has not borrowed any funds under the Credit Agreement.
The description above is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the Credit Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.29 to this report. Certain lenders under the Credit Agreement, or one or more of their affiliates or branches, have provided investment banking and trustee/paying agency services to Oracle, are lenders or agents under other credit facilities of Oracle or provide Oracle and its subsidiaries with cash management services, foreign exchange services, global custody agent services and fixed income brokerage services.
Section 2  Financial Information
 
Increase of Commercial Paper Program Capacity to $5,000,000,000
On March 18, 2008, Oracle increased the size of its commercial paper program ("CP Program") capacity from $3,000,000,000 to $5,000,000,000. The dealer agreements with each of Banc of America Securities LLC, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Lehman Brothers Inc., Merrill Lynch Money Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, remain in effect and are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Oracle Corporation previously filed with the SEC on February 9, 2006.
No commercial paper notes are currently outstanding under the CP Program.
$2,000,000,000 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement
Please see Item 1.01, above.
On pages 79 and 80 of the Annual Report on Form 10K of Oracle for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2007, filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2007, Oracle disclosed that it had engaged an independent valuation firm to assist in management's determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired and support obligations assumed in Oracle's acquisition of Hyperion Solutions Corporation. The name of this independent valuation firm is Duff & Phelps, LLC. Management is responsible for Oracle's consolidated financial statements.
A copy of the consent of Duff & Phelps, LLC to be named in this Current Report and for such reference to Duff & Phelps, LLC in this Current Report to be incorporated by reference into the registration statements of Oracle filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 10.29
EXECUTION COPY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and the banks, financial institutions, other institutional lenders (the "") listed on the signature pages hereof, Wachovia Bank, National Association ("") as administrative agent (in such capacity, the ""), Bank of America, N.A. (""), as syndication agent, and ABN Amro Bank, N.V., BNP Paribas, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Citicorp USA, Inc., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Bank, as documentation agents, Banc of America Securities LLC, as a joint lead arranger and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, as a joint lead arranger and sole bookrunner, agree as follows:
Borrower
Initial Lenders
Wachovia
Agent
Bank of America
Section 1.01. . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
Certain Defined Terms
"" means Liens on the assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, not otherwise permitted hereunder, consisting solely of real property interests, cash and cash equivalents and any proceeds thereof; that the aggregate value of all assets subject to such Liens shall not exceed $500,000,000 at any time, based upon the book value of such assets determined at the time such Lien attaches.
Additional Permitted Liens
provided
"" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
"" means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as part of a Borrowing under the Commitments and refers to a Base Rate Advance or a Eurodollar Rate Advance (each of which shall be a "" of Advance).
Advance
Type
"" means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
Affiliate
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Agent
"" means an account at Wachovia designated in writing to the Borrower.
Agent's Account
"" means this Agreement.
Agreement
"", "" and "" means a rate per annum, determined by reference to the Public Debt Rating in effect from time to time as set forth in the grid below:
Applicable Facility Fee
Applicable Margin
Applicable Utilization Fee
 
For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if both of Moody's and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Public Debt Rating, then the Level shall be determined by reference to such Public Debt Ratings and the Public Debt Rating of Fitch shall be disregarded, (ii) if only one of Moody's and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Public Debt Rating, then the Level shall be determined by reference to such Public Debt Rating and the Public Debt Rating of Fitch, (iii) if fewer than two of Moody's, S&P and Fitch shall have in effect a Public Debt Rating, then each rating agency that does not have in effect a Public Debt Rating shall be deemed to have established a rating in Level V; and (iv) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody's and S&P (or, subject to the foregoing clauses of this paragraph, Fitch) for the Public Debt Rating shall fall within different Levels, the applicable Level shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more Levels lower than the other, in which case the applicable Level shall be determined by reference to the Level next below that of the higher of the two ratings.
"" means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance and such Lender's Eurodollar Lending Office in the case of a Eurodollar Rate Advance.
Applicable Lending Office
"" means at any time and with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender's Commitment at such time. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments.
Applicable Percentage
"" means (a) a CLO and (b) with respect to any Lender that is a Fund, any other Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor.
Approved Fund
 
"" means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.07), and accepted by the Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto or any other form approved by the Agent.
Assignment and Acceptance
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Bank of America
"" means, at any time, the higher of (x) the Prime Rate or (y) the rate which is 1/2 of 1% in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate.
Base Rate
"" means an Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(i).
Base Rate Advance
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Borrower
"" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same Type (or, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Advances, having the same Interest Period) made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.
Borrowing
"" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City or Charlotte, North Carolina; that, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurodollar Rate Advances, "Business Day" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market.
Business Day
provided
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (i) Total Consolidated Net Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date to (ii) Total Capitalization of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date.
Capitalization Ratio
"" means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority.
Change in Law
"" means any entity (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and is administered or managed by a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender.
CLO
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.
Commitment
 
"" means the period from and including the Effective Date to the Termination Date.
Commitment Period
"" refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated
"" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "" and "" have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
Controlling
Controlled
"" of any Person means Debt of such Person and its Subsidiaries on such date, as would be shown as debt or indebtedness of such Person on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and all guarantees of Debt of other Persons as would be shown as debt or indebtedness of such Person on a balance sheet of such other Persons prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, determined on a Consolidated basis.
Covenant Debt
"", "", and "" each refers to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.08, 2.09 or 2.12.
Convert
Conversion
Converted
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Current Termination Date
"" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business for which collection proceedings have not been commenced, that trade payables for which collection proceedings have commenced shall not be included in the term "Debt" so long as the payment of such trade payables is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and for which appropriate reserves are being maintained) to the extent included on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other similar title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property) to the extent included on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (f) all obligations of such Person in respect of acceptances, letters of credit with respect to which to such Person is the account party or similar extensions of credit to such Person, (g) the aggregate net obligations of such Person in respect of Hedge Agreements; that, for purposes of this clause (g), Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall only include net obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Hedge Agreements in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000 as set forth on the
Debt
provided
provided
 
Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as of the date of determination, in accordance with GAAP, (h) all Debt of others referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above or clause (i) below guaranteed, by such Person, or in effect guaranteed by such Person, directly or indirectly, through a written agreement either (1) to pay or purchase such Debt or to advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such Debt or (2) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor) property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of such Debt or to assure the holder of such Debt against loss and (i) all Debt referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Debt. In determining the amount of Debt of any Person of the type referred to in clause (h) or (i) above, the amount thereof shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the amount of the guarantee provided or the fair market value of collateral pledged (as applicable) and (ii) the amount of the underlying Debt of such other Person so guaranteed or secured.
"" means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.
Default
"" and the sign "" means the lawful money of the United States of America.
Dollars
$
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule 1A hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.
Domestic Lending Office
"" means the date that all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 shall have been satisfied or waived.
Effective Date
"" means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, (d) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; (e) a savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; (f) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country that is a member of the OECD or has concluded special lending arrangements with the International Monetary Fund associated with its General Arrangements to Borrow or a political subdivision of any such country, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000, so long as such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States; (g) a finance company, insurance company or other financial institution or fund (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity) that is engaged in making, purchasing or otherwise holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000 or an Approved Fund thereof and (h) any other Person (other than a natural person)
Eligible Assignee
 
approved by (i) the Agent, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and such approval to be deemed to have been given if a response is not received within fifteen Business Days from the date on which request for approval was received by the applicable Person); that notwithstanding the foregoing, "Eligible Assignee" shall not include the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries.
provided
"" means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any Governmental Authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any Governmental Authority or any third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
Environmental Action
"" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Law
"" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
ERISA
"" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the Borrower's controlled group, or under common control with the Borrower, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code.
ERISA Affiliate
"" means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC; (b) the application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the imposition of a lien under Section 302(f)
ERISA Event
 
of ERISA with respect to any Plan; (g) the adoption of an amendment to a Plan requiring the provision of security to such Plan pursuant to Section 307 of ERISA; or (h) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that is reasonably expected to result in the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan.
"" has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Eurocurrency Liabilities
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Eurodollar Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule 1A hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.
Eurodollar Lending Office
"" means the rate per annum determined by the Agent at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest Period (as specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing) by reference to the British Bankers' Association Interest Settlement Rates for deposits in Dollars (as set forth by any service selected by the Agent which has been nominated by the British Bankers' Association as an authorized information vendor for the purpose of displaying such rates), for a period equal to such Interest Period; that, to the extent that an interest rate is not ascertainable pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this definition, the "Eurodollar Rate" shall be the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent to be the average of the rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars are offered for such relevant Interest Period to major banks in the London interbank market in London, England by the Reference Lenders at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period. If any of the Reference Lenders shall be unable or shall otherwise fail to supply such rates to the Agent upon its request, the rate of interest shall be determined on the basis of the quotations of the remaining Reference Lender.
Eurodollar Rate
provided
"" means an Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(ii).
Eurodollar Rate Advance
"" has the meaning specified in Section 7.01.
Event of Default
"" means, with respect to the Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its Applicable Lending Office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes
Excluded Taxes
 
imposed by the United States of America or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located and (c) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.15(b)), any withholding tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Foreign Lender's failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 2.14(e), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.14(a).
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Extending Lender
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Extension Consent Date
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Extension Notice
"" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent.
Federal Funds Effective Rate
"" means Fitch Ratings Ltd.
Fitch
"" means any Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States of America, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction.
Foreign Lender
"" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.
Fund
"" has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.
GAAP
"" means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
Governmental Authority
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(g).
Granting Lender
 
"" means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any environmental law, statute or regulation.
Hazardous Materials
"" means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other similar interest rate or currency exchange rate hedging agreements.
Hedge Agreements
"" means any Subsidiary of the Borrower (determined, solely for purposes of this definition, without regard to the last sentence of the definition thereof), designated by the Borrower in writing to the Agent (a) the assets of which do not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (b) the net income of which does not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (c) the revenues of which do not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case as determined as of, or (as applicable) for the four fiscal quarters most recently ended on, the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower and in accordance with GAAP.
Immaterial Subsidiary
"" means Taxes other than Excluded Taxes.
Indemnified Taxes
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(b).
Indemnitee
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Initial Lenders
"" means all trademarks, service marks, trade names, Internet domain names (as defined under 15 U.S.C.  1127), designs, logos, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature, together with all goodwill, registrations and applications related to the foregoing; all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice); patents and industrial designs (including any continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part, renewals, reissues, and applications for any of the foregoing); copyrights (including any registrations and applications for any of the foregoing); Software; "mask works" (as defined under 17 U.S.C.  901) and any registrations and applications for "mask works"; technology, trade secrets, know-how, processes, formulae, algorithms, models, methodologies, discoveries, improvements, specifications and other proprietary or confidential information; database and data rights; drawings, records, books or other indicia, however evidenced, of the foregoing; rights of publicity and privacy relating to the use of the names, likenesses, voices, signatures and biographical information of real persons; lists or other information relating to customers, competitors, suppliers or any other Person; in each case the right to claims against another Person relating to the Intellectual Property; and in each case owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on or after the Effective Date.
Intellectual Property
 
"" means, for each Eurodollar Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurodollar Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into such Eurodollar Rate Advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, two, three or six months, as the Borrower may, upon notice received by the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; , , that:
Interest Period
provided
however
(a) the Borrower may not select any Interest Period that ends after the Termination Date;
(b) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration;
(c) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, , that, if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and
provided
however
(d) whenever the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
Internal Revenue Code
"" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05.
Joinder Agreement
"" means the Initial Lenders as set forth on Schedule 2.01 and each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.05 or 9.07.
Lenders
"" means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind.
Lien
"" shall mean the result of one or more events, changes or effects which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (a) the results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the rights, remedies and benefits available to the parties hereunder.
Material Adverse Effect
 
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
Moody's
"" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
"" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
Multiple Employer Plan
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.01.
Non-Consenting Lender
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Non-Extending Lender
"" means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to the order of any Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under Section 2.19 in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Advances made by such Lender.
Note
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).
Notice of Borrowing
"" means all present or future stamp or documentary taxes or any other excise or property taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement.
Other Taxes
"" has the meaning specified Section 9.07(d).
Participant
"" means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001.
Patriot Act
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
PBGC
"" means, with respect to any Person, (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies to the extent not required to be paid under Section 6.01(b) hereof; (b) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers' compensation, unemployment, insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation; (c) pledges or deposits to secure performance in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money) or leases to which such Person is a party; (d) deposits to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person; (e) materialmen's, mechanics', carriers', workers', repairmen's and other like Liens in the ordinary course of business, or deposits to obtain the release of such Liens to the extent
Permitted Liens
 
such Liens, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect; (f) deposits to secure surety and appeal bonds to which such Person is a party; (g) other pledges or deposits for similar purposes in the ordinary course of business, including pledges and deposits to secure indemnity, performance or other similar bonds and in connection with insurance; (h) Liens created by or resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding which at the time is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (i) leases made, or existing on property acquired, in the ordinary course of business; (j) landlords' Liens under leases to which such Person is a party; (k) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, and restrictions on the use of real property or minor irregularities in title thereto, which, with respect to property that is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of such Person or the value of such property for the purpose of such business; (l) Liens consisting of leases or subleases and licenses or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and any interest or title of a lessor or licensor under any lease or license, as applicable; (m) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; and (n) Liens which constitute a lender's rights of set-off of a customary nature.
"" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental authority or other entity.
Person
"" means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.
Plan
"" means the rate of interest per annum announced or established from time to time by Wachovia as its prime rate for dollars loaned in the United States in effect at its principal office in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer. Wachovia or any other Lender may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Prime Rate.
Prime Rate
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Prior Termination Date
"" means, as of any date, the lowest rating that has been most recently announced by any of S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be, for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the Borrower. For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if any rating established by S&P, Moody's or Fitch shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (b) if S&P, Moody's or Fitch shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be.
Public Debt Rating
"" means initially, Wachovia and Bank of America or, if Wachovia and Bank of America are unable to furnish timely information in accordance with Section 2.08, then any other commercial bank of recognized national standing designated by the Agent as constituting a "Reference Lender" to replace Wachovia and/or Bank of America, as relevant.
Reference Lenders
 
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(c).
Register
"" means, with respect to any Person, such Person's Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person's Affiliates.
Related Parties
"" means at any time Lenders owed at least a majority in interest of the then aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures or, if no Advances are then outstanding, Lenders having at least a majority in interest of the Commitments.
Required Lenders
"" has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(d).
Requisite Amount
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of such Lender's Advances at such time.
Revolving Credit Exposure
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
S&P
"" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SEC
"" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
Single Employer Plan
"" means any and all (a) computer programs, including any and all software implementation of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether in source code or object code form, (b) databases and compilations, including any and all data and collections of data, and (c) all documentation, including user manuals and training materials, relating to any of the foregoing.
Software
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(g).
SPC
"" means, at any date, stockholders' equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis, on such date.
Stockholders' Equity
"" of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of
Subsidiary
 
such limited liability company, partnership or joint venture or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate, is at the time directly or indirectly owned or Controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, references to "Subsidiary" in this Agreement shall not include (i) Miracle Linux Kabushikigaisha (also known as Miracle Linux Corporation), a Japanese Kabushikigaisha or (ii) any other Person that would otherwise be a Subsidiary of the Borrower pursuant to the foregoing portion of this definition and that the Borrower does not directly or indirectly Control; that, in the case of any such Person in clause (i) or (ii), such Person is also an Immaterial Subsidiary.
provided
"" means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
Taxes
"" means, subject to the provisions of Section 2.05, the earlier of March 17, 2009 and the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04 or 7.01.
Termination Date
"" of any Person on any date, means the sum of (i) Total Consolidated Net Debt of such Person on such date and (ii) shareholders' equity of such Person on such date, determined on a Consolidated basis.
Total Capitalization
"" of any Person on any date, means (a) all Covenant Debt of such Person (b) cash, cash equivalents and short term investments reflected on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such date.
Total Consolidated Net Debt
minus
"" means at any date total assets, other than intangible assets, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined on a Consolidated basis as of such date.
Total Consolidated Tangible Assets
"" means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
Voting Stock
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Wachovia
Section 1.02. . In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding".
Computation of Time Periods
 
Section 1.03. . All terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (""), as in effect in the United States from time to time, that, if the Borrower notifies the Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change, occurring after the date hereof, in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment of any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be applied on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall". Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words "asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
Accounting Terms; Terms Generally
GAAP
provided
Section 2.01. . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Advances to the Borrower in Dollars from time to time on any Business Day during the Commitment Period in an aggregate amount that will not result in such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding at any time the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 2.01 hereto or, if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and Acceptance or Joinder Agreement, as set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(c), as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.04 (such Lender's ""). Each Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and shall consist of Advances of the same Type made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of this Section 2.01, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.
The Advances
Commitment
 
Section 2.02. . (a) The Borrower may borrow under the Commitments during the Commitment Period on any Business Day, that each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances or the Business Day of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the Borrower to the Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a "") shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing or by telecopier in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing, (iii) aggregate amount of such Borrowing (iv) remittance instructions and (v) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurodollar Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each Lender shall, before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on the date of such Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent's Account, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable portion of such Borrowing. After the Agent's receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, the Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at the Agent's address referred to in Section 9.02.
Making the Advances
provided
Notice of Borrowing
(b) [RESERVED].
(c) [RESERVED].
(d) [RESERVED].
(e) Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Borrower may not select Eurodollar Rate Advances for any Borrowing if the aggregate obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.08 or 2.12 and (ii) Eurodollar Rate Advances may not be outstanding at any time as part of more than ten separate Borrowings.
(f) Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.
 
(g) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed time of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender's share of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Agent, then such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Advances. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays such amount to the Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender's Advance included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Agent.
(h) The failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.
Section 2.03. . (a) . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee on the amount of such Lender's Commitment in effect from time to time, whether used or unused (or, if any Advances remain outstanding after the Termination Date, on the outstanding principal amount of such Lender's Advances thereafter), to accrue from the Effective Date, in the case of each Initial Lender, and from the later of the Effective Date and the effective date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance or Joinder Agreement pursuant to which it became a Lender, in the case of each other Lender, in each case, until the Termination Date (or, if later, the date that all Advances have been paid in full), at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Facility Fee in effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December before the Termination Date (or such later date, if any, of payment), commencing with June, 2008, and on the Termination Date or, if later, the date that all Advances have been paid in full.
Fees
Facility Fee
(b) . The Borrower agrees to pay the Agent for the account of each Lender a utilization fee on the aggregate amount of such Lender's Advances for any day on or after the Effective Date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances shall be greater than 50% of the aggregate Commitments at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Utilization Fee in effect from time to time. The utilization fees, if any, in respect of any fiscal quarter shall be payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December before the Termination Date, commencing with June, 2008, and on the Termination Date.
Utilization Fee
 
(c) . The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed in writing between the Borrower and the Agent.
Agent's Fees
Section 2.04. . The Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of the respective Commitments of the Lenders, that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures then outstanding and that once terminated, a Commitment may not be reinstated.
Termination or Reduction of the Commitments
provided
provided
further
provided
further
Section 2.05. .(a) The Borrower may, not more than sixty (60) days and not less than thirty (30) days prior to the Termination Date then in effect (the ""), request through written notice to the Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto (the ""), that the Lenders extend the Current Termination Date for an additional three hundred sixty-four (364) day period; , that in no event shall the Termination Date be extended beyond March 15, 2011. The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of such Extension Notice. Each Lender, acting in its sole discretion, shall, by notice to the Agent given not earlier than the 45
Optional Extension of the Termination Date
Current Termination Date
Extension Notice
provided
th
day before the Current Termination Date and not later than the later of (x) the 3
rd
Business Day after such 45
th
day or (y) the 10
th
Business Day following the date such Extension Notice is delivered to the Agent (such later date, the ""), advise the Agent in writing of its desire to extend (any such Lender, an "") or not to so extend (any such Lender, a "") the Current Termination Date. Any Lender that does not advise the Agent by the Extension Consent Date shall be deemed to be a Non-Extending Lender. No Lender shall be under any obligation or commitment to extend the Current Termination Date. The election of any Lender to agree to such extension shall not obligate any other Lender to agree to such extension.
Extension Consent Date
Extending Lender
Non-Extending Lender
(b) If (and only if) Lenders holding in the aggregate more than fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate Commitments on the Extension Consent Date have agreed to such extension, then the Current Termination Date applicable to the Extending Lenders shall be extended to the date that is three hundred sixty-four days (364) after the Current Termination Date with respect to such Extending Lenders. All Advances of each Non-Extending Lender shall be subject to the Current Termination Date, without giving effect to such extension (such date, the ""). In the event of an extension of the Current Termination Date pursuant to this Section 2.05, the Borrower shall have the right, at its own expense, to solicit commitments from existing Lenders and/or additional Eligible Assignees which meet the requirements set forth in Section 9.07(b) to replace the Commitment of any Non-Extending Lenders for the remaining
Prior Termination Date
 
duration of this Agreement. Any such financial institution (if not already a Lender hereunder) shall become a party to this Agreement as a Lender pursuant to a joinder agreement (a "") in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the Borrower. The Commitment of each Non-Extending Lender shall terminate on the Prior Termination Date, all Advances and other amounts payable hereunder to such Non-Extending Lender shall be subject to the Prior Termination Date and, to the extent such Non-Extending Lender's Commitment is not replaced as provided above, the aggregate Commitments shall be reduced by the amount of the Commitments of each such Non-Extending Lender so terminated on the Prior Termination Date.
Joinder Agreement
Section 2.06. . The Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding.
Repayment of Advances
Section 2.07. . (a) . The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each Lender from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:
Interest
Scheduled Interest
(i) . During such periods as such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December during such periods, commencing with June, 2008, for the period beginning on the Effective Date and then ended.
Base Rate Advances
(ii) . During such periods as such Advance is a Eurodollar Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (x) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period for such Advance (y) the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each Business Day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day of such Interest Period and on the date such Eurodollar Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.
Eurodollar Rate Advances
plus
(b) . The Agent may with the consent, or shall at the direction, of the Required Lenders require that the Borrower pay interest ("") on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each overdue Advance owing to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to in clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant to clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate
Default Interest
Default Interest
 
per annum required to be paid on Base Rate Advances pursuant to clause (a)(i) above, , , that following acceleration of the Advances pursuant to Section 7.01, Default Interest shall accrue and be payable hereunder whether or not previously required by the Agent.
provided
however
Section 2.08. . (a) Each Reference Lender agrees, if requested by the Agent, to furnish to the Agent timely information for the purpose of determining the Eurodollar Rate. If any of the Reference Lenders shall not furnish such timely information to the Agent for the purpose of determining any such interest rate, the Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information furnished by the remaining Reference Lenders. The Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the Lenders of the (i) applicable interest rate determined by the Agent for purposes of Section 2.07(a)(i) or (ii), and the rate, if any, furnished by each Reference Lender for the purpose of determining the interest rate under Section 2.07(a)(ii).
Interest Rate Determination
(b) If, with respect to any Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Agent that the Eurodollar Rate for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Required Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurodollar Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
(c) If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.01, the Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders and such Advances (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, continue for a new Interest Period with the same duration as the Interest Period then ending, subject to the definition of "Interest Period".
(d) On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Eurodollar Rate Advances comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than $10,000,000 such Advances shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.
(e) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended.
 
(f) If no Reference Lender determines and furnishes timely information to the Agent for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any Eurodollar Rate Advances after the Agent has requested such information:
(i) the Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such Eurodollar Rate Advances,
(ii) each such Advance (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance (or if such Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will continue as a Base Rate Advance), and
(iii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or to Convert Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
Section 2.09. . The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Convert all or a portion of all (comprising, in the case of any portion, a ratable portion of the respective Advances of each Lender and in an aggregate amount not less than $10,000,000) Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing made to the Borrower into Advances of the other Type; , , any Conversion of Eurodollar Rate Advances into Base Rate Advances shall be made only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Advances and any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than $10,000,000. Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the Advances (or portions thereof) to be Converted and (iii) if such Conversion is into Eurodollar Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.
Optional Conversion of Advances
provided
however
Section 2.10. . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed prepayment date for Base Rate Advances, and upon at least three Business Days' notice for Eurodollar Rate Advances, in each case stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay in whole or ratably in part the outstanding principal amount of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing made to the Borrower together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid; , , that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and (y) in the event of any such prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Advances, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.17.
Optional Prepayments of Advances
provided
however
 
Section 2.11. . (a) If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement referred to in clause (e) of this Section 2.11); (ii) subject any Lender to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or any Eurodollar Rate Advance made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 2.14 and changes in the rate of any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender); or (iii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Advances made by such Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Rate Advance (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance) or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then upon request of such Lender the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
Increased Costs; Additional Reserve Requirements
(b) If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the Applicable Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender's holding company, if any, regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Advances made by such Lender or its obligations hereunder, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's policies and the policies of such Lender's holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender's holding company for any such reduction suffered.
(c) A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.11 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof.
(d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's right to demand such compensation, that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.11 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).
provided
 
(e) The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, so long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves (including, without limitation, reserves in respect of Eurocurrency Liabilities) with respect to Eurodollar Rate Advances, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of any such Eurodollar Rate Advance equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Advance by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance, the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days' prior notice (with a copy to the Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant interest payment date, such additional interest costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice.
provided
Section 2.12. . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental authority having relevant jurisdiction asserts that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurodollar Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or to fund or maintain Eurodollar Rate Advances hereunder, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Advance will Convert into a Base Rate Advance either (x) on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Eurodollar Rate Advance if such Lender may lawfully maintain and fund such Eurodollar Rate Advance to such date, or (y) immediately and automatically if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully maintain and fund such Eurodollar Rate Advance to such date; and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurodollar Rate Advances or to Convert Advances into Eurodollar Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
Illegality
Section 2.13. . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under the Notes not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day when due in Dollars to the Agent at the Agent's Account in same day funds, without set-off, counterclaim or deduction, in each case as expressly provided herein. The Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or facility fees or utilization fees ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11, 2.14 or 2.17) to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Payments and Computations
(b) All computations of interest based on the Base Rate (except when calculated by reference to the Federal Funds Effective Rate) shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and all computations of interest based on the Eurodollar Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate and of facility fees and utilization fees shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 360
 
days, in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, facility fees or utilization fees are payable. Each determination by the Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent error in the calculation of such interest rate.
(c) Except as otherwise set forth herein, whenever any payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest, facility fee or utilization fee, as the case may be; , , that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurodollar Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.
provided
however
(d) Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
Section 2.14. . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, that if the Borrower shall be required by applicable law to deduct any Indemnified Taxes (including any Other Taxes) from such payments, then (i) the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.14) the Agent or Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions and (iii) the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
Taxes
provided
(b) Without limiting the provisions of paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
(c) The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent and each Lender within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.14) paid by the Agent or such
 
Lender, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Agent), or by the Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
(d) As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.
(e) Any Foreign Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax under the law of the jurisdiction in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes, or any treaty to which such jurisdiction is a party, with respect to payments hereunder shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if requested by the Borrower or the Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States of America, any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: (i) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN claiming eligibility for benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States of America is a party, (ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, (iii) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a "bank" within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a "10 percent shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a "controlled foreign corporation" described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, or (iv) any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax duly completed together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made.
 
(f) If the Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.14, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.14 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), that the Borrower, upon the request of the Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Agent or such Lender in the event the Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. This paragraph shall not be construed to require the Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person.
provided
Section 2.15. . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.11, or requires the Borrower to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Advances hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11 or 2.14, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
(b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.11, or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, or if any Lender defaults in its obligation to fund Advances hereunder, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 9.07), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Notes to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), that (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 9.07, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder (including any amounts under Section 2.17) from such Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.11 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.14, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter, and (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
provided
 
Section 2.16. . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Advances or other obligations of the Borrower hereunder resulting in such Lender's receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Advances and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Agent of such fact and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Advances and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, to the end that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Advances and other amounts owing them, that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Advances to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
Sharing of Payments, Etc
pro rata
provided
Section 2.17. . If any payment of principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurodollar Rate Advance is made by the Borrower to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment, prepayment or Conversion pursuant to this Agreement or acceleration of the maturity of the Advances pursuant to Section 7.01, the Borrower shall, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses that it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment or Conversion, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance.
Compensation for Breakage Costs
Section 2.18. . The proceeds of the Advances shall be available (and the Borrower agrees that it shall use such proceeds) in order to "back-stop" commercial paper, for working capital purposes and for other general corporate purposes, that such proceeds shall not be used in any manner that would result in violation of Regulation U or X, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.
Use of Proceeds
provided
 
Section 2.19. . (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance owing to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder in respect of Advances. The Borrower agrees that upon notice by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the Agent) to the effect that a Note is required or appropriate in order for such Lender to evidence (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Advances owing to, or to be made by, such Lender, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to the order of such Lender in a principal amount up to the Commitment of such Lender.
Evidence of Debt
(b) The Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(c) shall include a control account, and a subsidiary account for each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder, the Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by the Agent, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the Agent from the Borrower hereunder and each Lender's share thereof.
(c) Entries made in good faith by the Agent in the Register pursuant to subsection (b) above, and by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) above, shall be evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to, in the case of the Register, each Lender and, in the case of such account or accounts, such Lender, under this Agreement, absent manifest error; , , that the failure of the Agent or such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in the Register or such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
prima
facie
provided
however
 
Section 4.01. . The Effective Date shall occur upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions Precedent to Effective Date
(a) Since May 31, 2007 there shall not have occurred and be continuing any Material Adverse Effect.
(b) All governmental and third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained (without the imposition of any conditions that are not acceptable to the Lenders in their reasonable discretion) and shall remain in effect, and no law or regulation shall be applicable in the reasonable judgment of the Lenders that restrains, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon the transactions contemplated hereby.
(c) The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable invoiced fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent and the Lenders (including the reasonable invoiced fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent required by this Agreement), to the extent invoices therefor have been received at least one Business Day before such Effective Date.
(d) On the Effective Date, the following statements shall be true and the Agent shall have received on behalf of the Lenders a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, stating that:
(i) The representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 are true and correct on and as of the Effective Date, and
(ii) No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default.
(e) [RESERVED].
(f) The Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each dated the Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:
(i) A Note to the order of each Lender (if any) that has requested one pursuant to Section 2.19.
(ii) Certified copies of the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower, and of all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and such Notes.
(iii) A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.
 
(iv) A favorable opinion of (i) in-house counsel for the Borrower in the form of Exhibit D-1 and (ii) Davis Polk & Wardwell, counsel for the Borrower, in the form of Exhibit D-2.
(v) A certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower dated the Effective Date demonstrating compliance with the financial covenant contained in Section 6.02(c) as of the end of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to the Effective Date as to which financial statements are referred to in Section 5.01(e) or, if later, for which financial statements have been delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01(g).
Section 4.02. . The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing shall be subject to the conditions precedent (without limitation of the conditions precedent to the Effective Date set forth in Section 4.01) that on the date of such Borrowing the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing such statements are true):
Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing
(a) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 made by the Borrower (other than the representations and warranties contained in clauses (f)(i) and (g) of Section 5.01) are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing before and after giving effect to such Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific earlier date in which case it was true as of such earlier date), and
(b) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.
Section 4.03. . For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower of the anticipated Effective Date. The Agent shall notify all parties promptly of the occurrence of the Effective Date, which notice shall be conclusive once given.
Determinations Under Section 4.01
 
Section 5.01. . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows:
Representations and Warranties of the Borrower
(a) The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation.
(b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by it, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, are within the Borrower's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Borrower's charter or by-laws (or other equivalent organizational documents), (ii) applicable law or (iii) any contract or instrument binding on the Borrower or any of its properties or assets that is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
(c) No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, to be delivered by it.
(d) This Agreement has been, and each of the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. Assuming that this Agreement has been duly executed by the Agent and each of the Initial Lenders, this Agreement is, and each of the Notes of the Borrower when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its respective terms, subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether applied in proceedings in equity or at law.
(e) The Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at May 31, 2007, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by the opinion(s) of one or more firms of independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K with respect to its year ended May 31, 2007, and the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at November 30, 2007, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the six months then ended, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q with respect to its fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2007, fairly present, subject, in the case of said balance sheet at November 30, 2007, and said statements of income and cash flows for the six months then ended, to absence of footnotes and to year-end audit adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the Consolidated results of the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such dates, all in accordance with GAAP consistently applied.
 
(f) There is no pending or (to the knowledge of the Borrower) threatened action, investigation or proceeding, including, without limitation, any Environmental Action, affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that is initiated by any Person other than a Lender in its capacity as a Lender (i) that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Note or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
(g) Since May 31, 2007, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect which is continuing.
(h) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an Investment Company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
(i) No part of the proceeds of any Advances will be used in any manner that would result in a violation of Regulation U or X, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect at any time this representation is made or deemed made.
(j) The proceeds of the Advances shall be used by the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18.
(k) No report, financial statement or other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Agent or any Lender pursuant to subsection 6.01(g) (as modified or supplemented by any other information provided to the Agent or any Lender) contains or will contain any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were, are or will be made, not misleading, except to the extent that the facts (whether misstated or omitted) do not result in a Material Adverse Effect; that with respect to any projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information has been (or will be) prepared in good faith based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
provided
(l) The Borrower is in compliance with all material provisions of ERISA, except to the extent that all failures to be in compliance could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m) The claims of the Agent and the Lenders against the Borrower under this Agreement rank at least with the claims of all its unsecured creditors, save those whose claims are preferred solely by the laws of general application having effect in relation to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar events.
pari
passu
 
(n) The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal tax returns and all other tax returns that are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which are required to be filed and have paid all United States federal taxes and all other taxes that are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case, that are due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any material assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except in respect of such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
Section 6.01. . So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder the Borrower will (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to):
Affirmative Covenants
(a) Comply in all material respects, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders (such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with ERISA, Environmental Laws and the Patriot Act) except where the failure to so comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws, Etc.
(b) Pay and discharge before the same shall become delinquent, (i) all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property and (ii) all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might by law become a Lien upon its property; , , that none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or claim that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained, unless and until any Lien resulting therefrom attaches to its property and becomes enforceable against its other creditors and the aggregate of such Liens would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Payment of Taxes, Etc.
provided
however
(c) Preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights (charter and statutory) and franchises; , , that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may consummate any transaction permitted under Section 6.02(b) and that none of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right or franchise, and no Subsidiary shall be required to preserve and maintain its corporate existence, if the senior management of the Borrower or of such Subsidiary (or any Person authorized by the Borrower or such Subsidiary) shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
provided
however
provided
further
 
(d) . During normal business hours and upon not less than five days' notice, permit the Agent or any of the Lenders or any agents or representatives thereof, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of (excluding any confidential information), and visit the properties of, the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries with the appropriate representatives of the Borrower and together with the appropriate representatives of the Borrower's independent certified public accountants, , , that examination of the records of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries shall occur only at times when an Advance or Advances shall be outstanding to the Borrower and , , that the Agent and the Lenders may make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account only at times when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
Visitation Rights
provided
however
provided
further
(e) . Keep proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Borrower and each Subsidiary in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time.
Keeping of Books
(f) . Conduct all transactions otherwise permitted under this Agreement with any of its Affiliates (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries than it would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate except where the failure to do so, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Transactions with Affiliates
(g) . Furnish to the Lenders:
Reporting Requirements
(i) as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such shorter period as required by the SEC), the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, duly certified (subject to year-end audit adjustments) by the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP;
(ii) as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such shorter period as required by the SEC), a copy of the annual audit report for such year for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, containing the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, in each case accompanied by the opinion(s) of Ernst & Young LLP or one or more other firms of independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Agent;
 
(iii) concurrently with subsections (g)(i) and (g)(ii) of this Section 6.01, a certificate of the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower certifying that to the best of his or her knowledge no Event of Default is continuing at such date or specifying any Event of Default that is continuing at such date and specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto;
(iv) as soon as possible and in any event within five Business Days after a Board-appointed officer of the Borrower becomes aware of the occurrence of each Default continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower setting forth details of such Default and the action that the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;
(v) promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all quarterly and annual reports and proxy solicitations that the Borrower sends to any of its security holders, and copies of all reports on Form 8-K that the Borrower files with the SEC) (other than reports on Form 8-K filed solely for the purpose of incorporating exhibits into a registration statement previously filed with the SEC);
(vi) prompt notice of all actions and proceedings before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in Section 5.01(f); and
(vii) such other information respecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as any Lender through the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.
Reports required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above for the Borrower shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Borrower posts such reports on the Borrower's website on the Internet at the website address listed for the Borrower on the signature pages hereof or when such report is posted on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and such posting shall be deemed to satisfy the reporting requirements of clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above; that the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of the reports referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above to the Agent or any Lender who requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until written notice to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent or such Lender and , that in every instance the Borrower shall provide paper copies of the certificate required by clauses (iii) and (iv) above to the Agent and each of the Lenders until such time as the Agent shall have provided the Borrower written notice otherwise.
provided
provided
further
 
(h) . Use the proceeds of the Advances in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18.
Use of Proceeds
Section 6.02. . So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder:
Negative Covenants
(a) None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries will create or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or on any of the income or profits therefrom unless it shall have made effective provision whereby the Advances shall be secured by such Lien equally and ratably with any and all obligations and Debt so secured so long as such obligations and Debt are so secured; that nothing in this Section 6.02 shall be construed to prevent or restrict the following:
Liens, Etc.
provided
(i) Permitted Liens,
(ii) purchase money Liens upon or in any real property or equipment acquired or held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to secure the purchase price of such property or equipment or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property or equipment, or Liens existing on such property or equipment at the time of its acquisition or conditional sales or other similar title retention agreements with respect to property hereafter acquired or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount, , , that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any properties of any character other than the real property or equipment being acquired and any improvements thereto or proceeds thereof, and no such extension, renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any properties not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced,
provided
however
(iii) the Liens existing on the Effective Date,
(iv) Liens on property of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; that (A) to the extent such Liens were created at a time when such Person was a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of the Borrower, such Liens attach solely to the properties or assets subject to such Liens immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or acquisition and (B) any such Liens that were created during the period immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or acquisition were not created in contemplation of the merger, consolidation or acquisition,
provided
 
(v) Liens to secure Debt issued by the Borrower in connection with a consolidation or merger of the Borrower with or into any of its Affiliates in exchange for or otherwise in substitution for long-term senior secured Debt of such Affiliate (without increase in the amount or extension of the final maturity date of the Debt of such Affiliate),
(vi) Liens on margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System),
(vii) the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clauses (iii) and (iv) above upon or in the same property theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount) of the Debt secured thereby,
(viii) Liens to secure intercompany Debt obligations among Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
(ix) Additional Permitted Liens,
(x) Liens arising from any receivables financing accounted for under GAAP as a sale by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to a Person other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, that (a) such financing shall be limited recourse or non-recourse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries except to the extent customary for such transactions, and (b) such Liens do not encumber any assets other than the receivables being financed, the property securing or otherwise relating to such receivables, and the proceeds thereof, and
provided
(xi) Liens, not otherwise subject to any of clauses (i) through (x) above, on assets, other than Intellectual Property, granted to secure Debt or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount that, together with any Covenant Debt of a Subsidiary of the Borrower outstanding pursuant to Section 6.02(d)(iii), shall not exceed the amount specified in Section 6.02(d)(iii).
(b) The Borrower will not merge or consolidate with or into, and will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person, except that (i) any Person may merge with or into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the survivor; (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may dispose of assets to any other Subsidiary of the Borrower; (iii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may dispose of assets to the Borrower; (iv) the Borrower may merge into any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of effecting a change in its state of incorporation from Delaware to any other state in the United States if (A) such Subsidiary is incorporated in such other state solely for the purposes of such merger and, immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger, has positive stockholders' equity, and (B) such merger would not reasonably be expected to result in a
Mergers, Etc.
 
Material Adverse Effect; (v) any Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower may dispose of assets to Persons other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, so long as, after giving effect to such transaction, such Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, taken as a consolidated whole, has not disposed of, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, more than 10% of the Consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (vi) any Person may sell margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System).
(c) . The Borrower shall not permit the Capitalization Ratio to exceed 45%.
Financial Covenant
(d) . The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to incur or permit to remain outstanding any Covenant Debt other than (i) Debt of a Subsidiary outstanding on the Effective Date and refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof, (ii) Debt owed to the Borrower or another Subsidiary of the Borrower and (iii) Covenant Debt not referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above in an aggregate outstanding principal amount that, together with any Debt or other obligations secured by Liens referred to in Section 6.02(a)(xi), shall not exceed the greater of (x) $1,500,000,000 and (y) 25% of Stockholders' Equity determined at such time.
Subsidiary Indebtedness
Section 7.01. . If any of the following events ("") shall occur and be continuing with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries:
Events of Default
Event of Default
(a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance when the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance within three Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any fees payable hereunder within ten Business Days after the same become due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any other amount payable under this Agreement or any Note within ten Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of written demand therefor; or
(b) Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made; or
(c)(i) The Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01(c),(f),(g)(iii),(g)(iv), (g)(vi) or (h) or 6.02, (ii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01(g) (other than clauses (iv) and (vi) thereof) if such failure shall remain unremedied for fifteen (15) Business Days after written notice thereof shall have
 
been given to the Borrower by the Agent or any Lender or (iii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent or any Lender; or
(d) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any Debt that is outstanding in a principal or, in the case of Hedge Agreements, net amount, of at least $200,000,000 in the aggregate (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) (the ""), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the later of five (5) Business Days and the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt; or any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount shall be declared due and payable or any other breach or default with respect to any other material term shall occur or shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument if the effect of such breach or default is to accelerate the maturity of such Debt; or any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount shall be required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof where the cause of such prepayment, redemption, purchase or defeasance is the occurrence of an event or condition that is premised on a material adverse deterioration of the financial condition, results of operations or properties of the Borrower or such Subsidiary; that with respect to Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount of the types described in clauses (h) or (i) of the definition of "Debt" and to the extent such Debt relates to the obligations of any Person other than a Subsidiary, no Event of Default shall occur so long as the payment of such Debt is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained; or
Requisite Amount
provided
(e) The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall generally not pay its respective debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth in this subsection (e) under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; or
 
(f) Any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) and such judgment shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days and enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order; , , that any such judgment or order shall not be an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(f) if and for so long as and to the extent that (i) the amount of such judgment or order is covered (subject to standard deductibles) by a valid and binding policy of insurance between the defendant and the insurer or insurers covering payment thereof, (ii) such insurer shall be rated, or, if more than one insurer, at least 90% of such insurers as measured by the amount of risk insured shall be rated, at least "A-" by A.M. Best Company or its successor or its successors and (iii) such insurer(s) has been notified of, and has not refused to defend the claim made for payment of, the amount of such judgment or order; or
provided
however
(g)(i) Any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock of the Borrower (or other securities convertible into such Voting Stock) representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of all Voting Stock of the Borrower; or (ii) during any period of up to twenty-four (24) consecutive months, commencing after the date of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such 24-month period were directors of the Borrower shall cease for any reason (other than solely as a result of (A) death or disability or (B) voluntary retirement or resignation of any individual in the ordinary course and not for reasons related to an actual or proposed change of control of the Borrower) to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower; or
(h) The Borrower or its ERISA Affiliates shall incur, or shall be reasonably likely to incur, liability that would have a Material Adverse Effect as a result of one or more of the following: (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (ii) the partial or complete withdrawal of the Borrower or its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan; or (iii) the reorganization or termination of a Multiemployer Plan; or
(i) This Agreement ceases to be in full force and effect or shall be declared null and void or the Borrower shall contest the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in writing or deny in writing that it has any further liability, including with respect to future Advances by Lenders, under this Agreement;
then, and in any such event, the Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to the Borrower to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare all or a portion of the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement by the Borrower to be forthwith due
 
and payable, whereupon such Advances, all such interest and all such other amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable by the Borrower, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; , , that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to the Borrower shall automatically be terminated and (B) the Advances, all such interest and all such other amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable by the Borrower without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.
provided
however
Section 8.01. . Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Wachovia as its agent hereunder and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
Appointment and Authority
Section 8.02. . The Person serving as the Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Agent and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
Rights as a Lender
Section 8.03. . The Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the relevant Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.01), that the Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Agent to liability or that is contrary to any applicable law, and (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein
Exculpatory Provisions
provided
 
have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the person serving as the Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.01) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice thereof is given to the Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. The Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agent.
Section 8.04. . The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, posting to an Internet or intranet website or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
Reliance by Agent
Section 8.05. . The Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Agent. The Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent.
Delegation of Duties
Section 8.06. . The Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, or
Resignation of Agent
 
an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in New York. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, that if the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no such successor is willing to accept such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent's resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 8.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent.
provided
Section 8.07. . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any Note or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder.
Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders
Section 8.08. . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the joint lead arrangers, bookrunner, syndication agent or documentation agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Agent or a Lender hereunder.
No Other Duties, etc
 
Section 9.01. No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any Notes, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; , , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, do any of the following: (A) waive any of the conditions specified in Section 4.01, (B) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the Revolving Credit Exposures or the number of Lenders that shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder, or (C) amend this Section 9.01; and (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Required Lenders and each Lender that has a Commitment or has or is owed obligations under this Agreement or the Notes that is or are modified by such amendment, waiver or consent, (A) increase the Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional obligations, (B) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (C) postpone any date fixed for any payment of interest on the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (D) extend the Termination Date (except pursuant to Section 2.05) or (E) amend or waive the application of Section 2.16.
Amendments, Etc.
provided
however
Each Lender grants (x) to the Agent the right to purchase all (but not less than all) of such Lender's Commitments and Advances owing to it and the Notes held by it and all of its rights and obligations hereunder, and (y) to the Borrower the right to cause an assignment of all (but not less than all) of such Lender's Commitments and Advances owing to it, its participations in the Notes held by it and all of its rights and obligations hereunder to Eligible Assignees, which right may be exercised by the Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be, if such Lender (a "") refuses to execute any amendment, waiver or consent which requires the written consent of all or all affected Lenders under clause (i) or (ii) in paragraph (a) above or, alternatively, is unable to execute and/or deliver such amendment, waiver or consent which requires the written consent of all or all affected Lenders under clause (i) or (ii) in paragraph (a) above within the time period specified by the Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower and to which the Required Lenders, and the Borrower have otherwise agreed; that such Non-Consenting Lender shall receive, in connection with such assignments, payment equal to the aggregate amount of outstanding Advances owed to such Lender (together with all accrued and unpaid interest, fees and other amounts owed to such Lender, including any amounts under Section 2.17). Each Lender agrees that if the Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be, exercises their option hereunder, it shall promptly execute and deliver all agreements and documentation reasonably necessary to effectuate such assignment, without recourse, as set forth in Section 9.07 at the Borrower's expense. If the Borrower has requested that a Lender execute such agreement or documentation and the Non-Consenting Lender does not comply with the request within two Business Days after such request is made to execute and deliver such assignment, then the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such agreement and documentation on such Non-Consenting Lender's behalf and any such agreement and/or documentation so executed by the Borrower (in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto) shall be effective for purposes of effectuating an assignment pursuant to Section 9.07; , all amounts due and owing to the Non-Consenting Lender have been paid and the Borrower shall not be permitted to add any obligations or liabilities to such Non-Consenting Lender.
Non-Consenting Lender
provided
provided
 
Section 9.02. . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows: (i) if to the Borrower, to it at Oracle Corporation, 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065, Attention of the Treasurer (Telecopier No. (650) 633-0171; Telephone No. (650) 506-4118), with a copy to the General Counsel at Oracle Corporation (Telecopier No. (650) 506-7114; Telephone No. (650) 506-5500); (ii) if to the Agent, to Wachovia at 301 South College Street, TW15, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, Attention: Mark Felker (Telecopier No. (704) 383-7611; Telephone No. (704) 374-7074), with a copy to Syndications (Telecopier No. (704) 590-3481; Telephone No. (704) 590-2702; and (iii) if to a Lender, to it at its address (or telecopier number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when receipt thereof is confirmed electronically (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).
Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Consent
(b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agent, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Section 2.02 if such Lender has notified the Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. Electronic mail and Internet and intranet websites may be used by the Agent to distribute communications, such as financial statements and other information as provided in this Agreement, and to distribute documents for execution by the parties thereto, and the Agent shall not be responsible for any losses, costs, expenses and liabilities that may arise by reason of the use thereof, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act in good faith upon any notices (including telephonic notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower.
provided
provided
provided
 
(c) Any party hereto may change its address or telecopier number or email address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
Section 9.03. . No failure on the part of any Lender or the Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
No Waiver; Remedies
Section 9.04. . (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Agent (and reasonable, documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent or any Lender, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Agent or any Lender (and reasonable and documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and the Notes, including its rights under this Section 9.04, or in connection with the Advances made, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances.
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
(b) The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (and reasonable fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent or any Lender), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Action related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought
Indemnitee
 
by the Borrower, any of its shareholders or creditors, an Indemnitee or any other Person, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or to the extent that, in any action brought by the Borrower, the Borrower prevails.
provided
(c) To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.04 to be paid by it to the Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender's Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this paragraph (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.02(h).
provided
(d) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in paragraph (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
(e) All amounts due under this Section 9.04 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
(f) Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Borrower contained in Sections 2.11, 2.14 and this Section 9.04 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes.
Section 9.05. . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the
Right of Set-off
 
Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section 9.05 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Agent after any such setoff and application, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
provided
Section 9.06. . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Agent and when the Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
Binding Effect
Section 9.07. . (a) No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07 or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (f) of this Section 9.07 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Assignments and Participations
(b) Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it); that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Advances outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Advance of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Agent or, if "Trade Date" is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, unless each of the Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and such approval to be deemed to have been given if a response is not received within fifteen Business Days from the date on which request for approval
provided
 
was received by the applicable Person); (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Advance or the Commitment assigned; (iii) any assignment must be approved with the prior written consent of (A) the Agent and (B) the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (iv) the parties to each assignment shall (1) electronically execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance via an electronic settlement system acceptable to the Agent or (2) manually execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; that only one such fee shall be payable in connection with simultaneous assignments to or by two or more Approved Funds; and (v) the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and if required, applicable tax forms.
provided
provided
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 9.07, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.11, 2.14 and 9.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07.
(c) The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Advances owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee's completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07 and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07, the Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
Register
 
(d) Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a "") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or Revolving Credit Exposure owing to it); that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to (A) reducing the principal of, or interest on, the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (B) postponing any date fixed for any payment of interest on the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender that affects such Participant or (c) extending the Termination Date. Subject to paragraph (e) of this Section 9.07, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.11 and 2.14 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.05 as though it were a Lender, such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.16 as though it were a Lender.
Participant
provided
provided
provided
(e) A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.11 and 2.14 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower's prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.14 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.14(e) as though it were a Lender.
(f) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank; that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the
provided
 
Advances owing to it and the Notes, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities, that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 9.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under this Agreement and the Notes even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise.
provided
(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a "") may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (a ""), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Advance that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Advance and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Advance, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Advance pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of an Advance by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Advance were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.07, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Agent and without paying any processing fee therefore, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Advances to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower and Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Advances and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Advances to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. This Section 9.07 may not be amended without the written consent of each SPC that holds any Advances at the time of the proposed amendment.
Granting Lender
SPC
provided
that
(h) Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Lender and the Agent.
 
Section 9.08. . This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
Section 9.09. . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement or such other document or instrument, as applicable.
Counterparts; Integration; Electronic Execution
(b) The words "execution," "signed," "signature," and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 9.10. (a) The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York City and of the United States District Court sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or the Notes or in any shall affect any right that the Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Notes against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction, Etc.
(b) The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 9.10. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(c) Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.02. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.
 
Section 9.11. . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Waiver of Jury Trial
Section 9.12. . Each of the Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to it, its Affiliates' and their respective partners, directors, officers, employees, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under the Notes or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Notes or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.12, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.12 or (y) becomes available to the Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.
Confidentiality
For purposes of this Section 9.12, "" means all information received from (or on behalf of) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.12 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
Information
provided
 
Section 9.13. . Each Lender and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lenders in order to assist the Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act.
Patriot Act Notice
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.
 
 
EXHIBIT A
FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the order of (the "") for the account of its Applicable Lending Office on the Termination Date (as defined in the Credit Agreement referred to below) the aggregate principal amount of the Advances made by the Lender to the Borrower pursuant to the 364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 18, 2008 (as amended or modified from time to time, the ""; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among the Borrower and the Lender and certain other lenders parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, ABN Amro Bank, N.V., BNP Paribas, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Citicorp USA, Inc., Mizuho Corporate Bank, Ltd. and Morgan Stanley Bank, as documentation agents, Wachovia Bank, National Association (""), as administrative agent (in such capacity, the ""), Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, as a joint lead arranger and sole bookrunner and Banc of America Securities LLC, as a joint lead arranger, outstanding on the Termination Date.
Borrower
                                    
Lender
Credit Agreement
Wachovia
Agent
The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates, and payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement.
Both principal and interest are payable in Dollars to Wachovia, as the Agent, at 301 South College Street, Charlotte, North Carolina 28288, in same day funds. Each Advance owing to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and all payments made on account of principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto which is part of this Promissory Note.
This Promissory Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of Advances by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Advance being evidenced by this Promissory Note, and (ii) contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
March 7, 2008
Mr. William Corey West
Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and
  Chief Accounting Officer
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood Shores, CA 94065
 
We hereby consent to (i) the inclusion in the Current Report on Form 8K of Oracle Corporation (the "Company") related to its Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended May 31, 2007 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on June 29, 2007, of references to our final report relating to the estimation of the fair value of intangible assets acquired and support obligations assumed by Oracle in its acquisition of Hyperion Solutions Corporation and to references to our firm's name therein; and (ii) the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of the Company (Nos. 333147400, 333145162, 333142776, 333142225, 333139901, 333139875, 333138694, 333136275, 333131988 and 333131427) on Form S8 and in the Registration Statement of the Company (No. 333142796) on Form S3, filed with the SEC referencing our final report relating to the estimation of the fair value of intangible assets acquired and support obligations assumed by Oracle in its acquisition of Hyperion Solutions Corporation and to references to our firm's name therein.
In giving such consent, we do not hereby admit that we come within the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 or Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations adopted by the SEC thereunder, nor do we admit that we are experts with respect to any part of such Forms 8K and 10K within the meaning of the term "experts" as used in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080326163602.txt.gz
TIME:20080326163602
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Registrant's telephone number, including area code (650) 506-7000
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2  Financial Information
Item 2.02    Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On March 26, 2008, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 29, 2008. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

 
Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
     REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 26, 2008  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2008 Q3 GAAP earnings per share were up 30% to $0.26, compared to the same quarter last year. Third quarter total GAAP revenues were up 21% to $5.3 billion, while quarterly GAAP operating income was up 35% to $1.9 billion and GAAP net income was up 30% to $1.3 billion. Total GAAP software revenues were up 21% to $4.2 billion with GAAP new software license revenues up 16% to $1.6 billion. Database and middleware new license revenues were up 20% and applications new license revenues were up 7%. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 25% to $2.6 billion. Service revenues were up 21% to $1.1 billion, compared to the same quarter last year.
     Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 23% to $0.30, and non-GAAP net income was up 22% to $1.6 billion, compared to the same quarter last year.
     "Oracle delivered another quarter of strong financial results and earnings growth. In Q3, we once again exceeded our non-GAAP EPS growth target of 20%," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "For the first three quarters of this year we have grown our operating cash flow 55%, 3 times faster than at this point in the past five years."
     "Database and middleware new software license revenues growth accelerated to 20% in the third quarter," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "We continue to grow faster and take market share from IBM."
     "Software license updates and product support revenues were up 23% on a non-GAAP basis to $2.6 billion. By next quarter we will pass $10 billion for the year," said
 
Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "Our non-GAAP operating income grew to $2.2 billion with our margins increasing nearly 200 basis points to 41% up from 39% in Q3 of last year. Our operating margins are now substantially higher than our competitors, including Microsoft, reflecting the unique leverage in our business."
Q3 Earnings Announcement
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the weblink is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing or acquired products. (4) We have an active acquisition program (including our recently announced proposed acquisition of BEA
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
Systems, Inc.) and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of March 26, 2008. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the table, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures, and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
: Business combination accounting rules require us to account for the fair value of support contracts assumed in connection with our acquisitions. Because these are typically one-year contracts, our GAAP revenues for the one-year period subsequent to our acquisitions do not reflect the full amount of software license updates and product support revenues on assumed support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired entities. The non-GAAP adjustment is intended to reflect the full amount of such revenues. We believe this adjustment is useful to investors as a measure of the ongoing performance of our business because we have historically experienced high renewal rates on support contracts, although we cannot be certain that customers will renew these contracts.
 - 
Support deferred revenue
: We have excluded the effect of stock-based compensation expenses from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income. Although stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to our employees, and we believe such compensation contributed to the revenues earned during the periods presented and also believe it will contribute to the generation of future period revenues, we continue to evaluate our business performance excluding stock-based compensation expenses. Stock-based compensation expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Stock-based compensation expenses
: We have excluded the effect of amortization of intangibles from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income. Amortization of intangible assets expense is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. Investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to future period revenues as well. Amortization expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Amortization of intangible assets expenses
: We incurred significant expenses in connection with our acquisitions and also incurred certain other operating expenses or income, which we would not have otherwise incurred in the periods presented. Acquisition related and other expenses primarily consist of in-process research and development expenses, integration related professional services, stock-based compensation expenses (in addition to the stock-based compensation expenses described above), personnel related expenses for transitional employees, certain business combination contingency adjustments after the purchase price allocation period has ended, and certain other operating expenses or income. Stock-based compensation expenses included in acquisition related and other expenses primarily resulted from unvested options assumed in acquisitions whose vesting was fully accelerated upon termination of the employees pursuant to the terms of those options. Restructuring expenses consist of Oracle employee severance and other exit costs. We believe it is useful for investors to understand the effect of these items on our total operating expenses. Although acquisition related expenses and restructuring expenses are not recurring with respect to past acquisitions, we will incur these expenses in connection with future acquisitions.
 - 
Acquisition related and other expenses, and restructuring expenses
For the three and nine months ended February 29, 2008, acquisition related and other expenses include a gain on property sale of $57 million. For the nine months ended February 28, 2007, acquisition related and other expenses included a $52 million benefit related to the settlement of a lawsuit filed against PeopleSoft, Inc. on behalf of the U.S. government. This lawsuit was filed in October 2003, prior to our acquisition of PeopleSoft and represented a pre-acquisition contingency that we identified and assumed in connection with our acquisition of PeopleSoft. In October 2006, we agreed to pay the U.S. government $98 million to settle this lawsuit. Business combination accounting standards require that after the end of the purchase price allocation period, any adjustment that results from a pre-acquisition contingency should be included as an element of net income in the period of settlement, versus an adjustment to the original purchase price allocation. Since the purchase price allocation period for PeopleSoft ended in the third quarter of fiscal 2006, the favorable difference of $52 million between the estimated exposure recorded for this lawsuit during the purchase price allocation period and the actual settlement amount has been included in our consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended February 28, 2007 as a component of acquisition related and other expenses.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080408153054.txt.gz
TIME:20080408153054
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 8  Other Events
 
Issuance of $5.00 Billion of Notes
On April 9, 2008, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") expects to consummate the issuance and sale of $1,250,000,000 principal amount of its 4.950% Notes due 2013, $2,500,000,000 principal amount of its 5.750% Notes due 2018 and $1,250,000,000 principal amount of its 6.500% Notes due 2038 (collectively, the "Notes"), pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated April 2, 2008 among Oracle and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "Indenture") among the Oracle (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (the "First Supplemental Indenture") among Oracle , Citibank N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, and an officers' certificate issued pursuant thereto.
The Notes are being offered pursuant to Oracle's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on May 10, 2007 (Reg. No. 333-142796), including the prospectus contained therein (the "Registration Statement"), and a related preliminary prospectus supplement dated April 2, 2008 and a prospectus supplement dated April 3, 2008.
The material terms and conditions of the Notes are set forth in the Form of Officers' Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.09 and incorporated by reference herein and in the Indenture filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Systems Corporation on January 20, 2006, and the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 4.09
Reference is made to the Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among Oracle Corporation (the "," formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. On June 29, 2007, Citibank, N.A. resigned as the original trustee under the indenture and the Issuer appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee (the ""). The Trustee is the trustee for any and all securities issued under the Indenture. Pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Indenture the undersigned officers do hereby certify, in connection with the issuance of (i) $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 4.950% Notes due 2013 (""), (ii) $2,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Notes due 2018 ("") and (iii) $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.500% Notes due 2038 ("," and, together with the 2013 Notes and the 2018 Notes, the ""), that the terms of the Notes are as follows:
Base Indenture
Issuer
Indenture
Trustee
2013 Notes
2018 Notes
2038 Notes
Notes
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture.
2013 Notes
 
Subject to the representations, warranties and covenants described in the Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Issuer shall be entitled, subject to authorization by the Board of Directors of the Issuer and an Officers' Certificate, to issue additional notes from time to time under each series of notes issued hereby. Any such additional notes of a series shall have identical terms as the 2013 Notes, the 2018 Notes or the 2038 Notes, as the case may be, issued on the issue date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and the issue price (together the ""). Any Additional Notes will be issued in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Indenture.
Additional Notes
Each such officer has read and understands the provisions of the Indenture and the definitions relating thereto. The statements made in this Officers' Certificate are based upon the examination of the provisions of the Indenture and upon the relevant books and records of the Issuer. In such officers' opinion, they have made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such officers to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions of such Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. In such officers' opinion, such covenants and conditions have been complied with.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officers of the Issuer have duly executed this certificate as of April 9, 2008.
 
EXHIBIT A
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
$[]
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on April 15, 2013.
Issuer
                    
Interest Payment Dates: April 15 and October 15 (each, an ""), commencing on October 15, 2008.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: April 9, 2008
 
 
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from April 9, 2008. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing October 15, 2008. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the 4.950% Notes due 2013 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated April 9, 2008, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
 
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 35 basis points,
plus in each case accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC or Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided
however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
 
and irrevocably appoint                             agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
EXHIBIT B
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
$[]
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on April 15, 2018.
Issuer
                    
Interest Payment Dates: April 15 and October 15 (each, an ""), commencing on October 15, 2008.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: April 9, 2008
 
 
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from April 9, 2008. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing October 15, 2008. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the 5.750% Notes due 2018 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated April 9, 2008, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
 
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 35 basis points,
plus in each case accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC or Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided
however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
 
and irrevocably appoint                             agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
EXHIBIT C
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
$[]
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of DOLLARS on April 15, 2038.
Issuer
                    
Interest Payment Dates: April 15 and October 15 (each, an ""), commencing on October 15, 2008.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: April 9, 2008
 
 
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid from April 9, 2008. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing October 15, 2008. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the 6.500% Notes due 2038 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated April 9, 2008, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
 
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 35 basis points, plus in each case accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC or Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided
however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
 
and irrevocably appoint                             agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 

Exhibit 5.01
April 8, 2008
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, CA 94065
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as special counsel for Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), in connection with the Company's offering of $1,250,000,000 principal amount of its 4.950% Notes due 2013, $2,500,000,000 principal amount of its 5.750% Notes due 2018 and $1,250,000,000 principal amount of its 6.500% Notes due 2038 (collectively, the "") in an underwritten public offering pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated April 2, 2008 (the "") between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (the ""), as representatives of the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 thereto (the ""). The Notes are to be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Company (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Company, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., and an Officers' Certificate to be issued pursuant thereto on or about April 9, 2008. On June 29, 2007, Citibank, N.A. resigned as the original trustee under the Indenture and the Company appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee (the ).
Company
Notes
Underwriting Agreement
Representatives
Underwriters
Base Indenture
Indenture
"Trustee"
We, as your counsel, have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of rendering this opinion.
On the basis of the foregoing, we advise you that, in our opinion, the Notes have been duly authorized in accordance with the Indenture, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and equitable principles of general applicability.
We are members of the Bars of the States of New York and California and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (including the statutory provisions, all applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting the foregoing).
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by or furnished to any other person without our prior written consent.
Very truly yours,
/s/ Davis Polk & Wardwell


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080429104659.txt.gz
TIME:20080429104659
EVENTS:	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2  Financial Information
 
On April 29, 2008, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of January 16, 2008 (the "Merger Agreement") by and among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Oracle"), BEA Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("BEA") and Bronco Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle ("Merger Subsidiary"), Merger Subsidiary was merged with and into BEA, with BEA surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle (the "Merger"). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of BEA common stock (other than shares held in BEA's treasury or owned directly or indirectly by Parent or Merger Subsidiary) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive $19.375 in cash, without interest.
Section 8  Other Events
 
On April 29, 2008, Oracle issued a press release relating to the completion of the acquisition of BEA. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
(a)
Financial Statements of Business Acquired
The financial statements required by Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K will be filed by amendment within 71 calendar days after the date this report on Form 8-K must be filed.
(b)
Pro Forma Financial Information
The pro forma financial statements required by Item 9.01(b) of Form 8-K will be filed by amendment within 71 calendar days after the date this report on Form 8-K must be filed.
(d)
Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: April 29, 2008
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Contact:
Deborah Hellinger
Oracle
1.650.506.5158
deborah.hellinger@oracle.com
Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) announced today that it had received approval of the European Commission and subsequently completed its acquisition of BEA Systems, Inc.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., APRIL 29, 2008 -
"The addition of BEA will accelerate innovation by bringing together two companies with a common vision of a modern service-oriented architecture (SOA) infrastructure," said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "Together, Oracle and BEA will provide a series of complementary and well-engineered middleware products, allowing customers to more easily build, deploy, and manage applications in a secure environment."
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at .
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and BEA. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "may", "can", "believes", "expects", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts, in each case as they relate to Oracle and BEA, the management of either such company or the transaction are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. In making any such statements, the person making them believes that its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions. However, any such statement may be influenced by factors that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected or anticipated. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. There are various important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any such forward-looking statements, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle and BEA, including: the impact of general economic conditions in regions in which either such company currently does business, industry conditions, including competition, fluctuations in exchange rates and currency values, capital expenditure
requirements, legislative or regulatory requirements, changes in the tax laws, interest rates, access to capital markets and our ability to quickly and efficiently integrate our acquisitions with our existing business. The actual results or performance by Oracle or BEA could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or BEA.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080604154704.txt.gz
TIME:20080604154704
EVENTS:	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o 
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o 
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o 
This Form 8-K/A is filed as an amendment (Amendment No. 1) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Corporation under Items 2.01, 8.01 and 9.01 on April 29, 2008. Amendment No. 1 is being filed to include the financial information required under Item 9.01.
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
     
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 23.1
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-142776, 333-142225, 333-139901, 333-139875, 333-138694, 333-136275, 333-131988, 333-131427, 333-145162, 333-147400, and 333-151045 and Form S-3 No. 333-142796) of Oracle Corporation of our report dated March 26, 2008, related to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of BEA Systems, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of BEA Systems, Inc. appearing in BEA Systems Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2008 and incorporated by reference in this Current Report on Form 8-K/A of Oracle Corporation.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
San Jose, California May 30, 2008

Exhibit 99.2
The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are based on the historical financial statements of Oracle Corporation and BEA Systems, Inc. after giving effect to Oracle's acquisition of BEA on April 29, 2008, debt issued to finance the BEA acquisition and for general corporate purposes (the Debt Issuance), and the assumptions, reclassifications and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of February 29, 2008 is presented as if our acquisition of BEA and the Debt Issuance had occurred on February 29, 2008.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the nine months ended February 29, 2008, and year ended May 31, 2007, are presented as if the BEA acquisition and the Debt Issuance had occurred on June 1, 2006 and were carried forward through each of the aforementioned respective periods.
The preliminary allocation of the purchase price used in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements is based upon preliminary estimates. These preliminary estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the purchase price allocation period (generally one year from the acquisition date) as we finalize the valuations of the net tangible assets, intangible assets and in-process research and development acquired.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not include the effects of any future restructuring activities that pertain to our Oracle-based operations pursuant to our Fiscal 2008 Oracle Restructuring Plan. These future restructuring expenses may be material and may include costs for severance, costs of vacating facilities and costs to exit or terminate other duplicative activities. Future restructuring expenses pertaining to our Oracle-based operations are expected to be incurred over the remainder of calendar 2008 and are recorded to our operating expenses in the period that these expenses are incurred.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results of operations or financial position that we would have reported had the BEA acquisition and the Debt Issuance been completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as a representation of our future consolidated results of operations or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect any operating efficiencies and/or cost savings that we may achieve with respect to the combined companies.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Oracle and BEA included in the respective annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
 
     See notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 
     See notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 
     See notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 
1. BASIS OF PRO FORMA PRESENTATION
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of February 29, 2008, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the nine months ended February 29, 2008, and for the year ended May 31, 2007, are based on the historical financial statements of Oracle Corporation and BEA Systems, Inc. after giving effect to Oracle's acquisition of BEA on April 29, 2008, the Debt Issuance, and the assumptions, reclassifications and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
We account for business combinations pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 141, . In accordance with Statement 141, we allocate the purchase price of an acquired company to the net tangible assets and intangible assets, as well as to in-process research and development, acquired based upon their estimated fair values. We have made significant assumptions and estimates in determining the preliminary estimated purchase price and the preliminary allocation of the estimated purchase price in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. These preliminary estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the purchase price allocation period (generally one year from the acquisition date) as we finalize the valuations of the net tangible assets, intangible assets and in-process research and development acquired. In particular, the final valuations of identifiable intangible assets, restructuring activities and property values and associated tax effects may change significantly from our preliminary estimates. These changes could result in material variances between our future financial results and the amounts presented in these unaudited condensed combined financial statements, including variances in fair values recorded, as well as expenses and cash flows associated with these items.
Business Combinations
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not include the effects of any future restructuring activities that pertain to our Oracle-based operations pursuant to our Fiscal 2008 Oracle Restructuring Plan. These future restructuring expenses may be material and may include costs for severance, costs of vacating facilities and costs to exit or terminate other duplicative activities. Future restructuring expenses pertaining to our Oracle-based operations are expected to be incurred over the remainder of calendar 2008 and are recorded to our operating expenses in the period that these expenses are incurred.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results of operations or financial position that would have been reported had the BEA acquisition and the Debt Issuance been completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as a representation of our future consolidated results of operations or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect any operating efficiencies and associated cost savings that we may achieve with respect to the combined companies.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with Oracle's and BEA's historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in each company's respective annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
Accounting Periods Presented
BEA's historical fiscal year ended on January 31 and, for purposes of these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, its historical results have been aligned to more closely conform to Oracle's May 31 fiscal year end as explained below. No pro forma adjustments were made to conform BEA's accounting policies to Oracle's accounting policies as the impact of policy differences on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements was not significant.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of February 29, 2008 is presented as if the BEA acquisition and the Debt Issuance had occurred on February 29, 2008, and due to different fiscal period ends, combines the historical balance sheet of Oracle at February 29, 2008 and the historical balance sheet of BEA at January 31, 2008.
 
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations of Oracle and BEA for the nine months ended February 29, 2008 and year ended May 31, 2007 are presented as if the BEA acquisition and the Debt Issuance had taken place on June 1, 2006. Due to different fiscal period ends, the pro forma statement of operations for the nine months ended February 29, 2008 combines the historical results of Oracle for the nine months ended February 29, 2008 and the historical results of BEA for the nine months ended January 31, 2008. The historical results of BEA for the nine months ended January 31, 2008 were derived by taking the historical results of operations of BEA for the year ended January 31, 2008 and subtracting BEA's results of operations for the three months ended April 30, 2007.
The pro forma statement of operations of Oracle and BEA for the year ended May 31, 2007, due to different fiscal period ends, combines the historical results of Oracle for the year ended May 31, 2007 and the historical results of BEA for the year ended April 30, 2007. The historical results of BEA for the year ended April 30, 2007 were derived by taking the historical results of operations of BEA for the year ended January 31, 2007, subtracting BEA's results of operations for the three months ended April 30, 2006 and adding BEA's results of operations for the three months ended April 30, 2007.
Reclassifications
The following reclassifications have been made to the presentation of BEA's historical statements of operations in order to conform to Oracle's presentation:
We acquired BEA Systems, Inc. on April 29, 2008, by means of a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with and into BEA such that BEA became a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle. We acquired BEA to, among other things, expand our offering of middleware products.
The estimated purchase price of and purchase price allocation for BEA, as presented below, represents our best estimates. These estimates are preliminary as we are still in the process of finalizing the majority of the amounts presented.
Preliminary Purchase Price
The total preliminary purchase price was $8.6 billion, including estimated fair values of vested BEA stock awards assumed as well as acquisition related transaction costs, and was comprised of:
 
Fair Value Estimate of Stock Awards Assumed
As of April 29, 2008, BEA had approximately 39 million stock awards outstanding. In accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated January 16, 2008 (Merger Agreement), the conversion ratio of the number of shares to be issued for each stock award assumed was based upon a conversion ratio of 0.8904, which was calculated as the consideration price of $19.375 paid by Oracle for each BEA share of common stock outstanding divided by the average Oracle stock price for five trading days prior to the closing date of April 29, 2008.
The fair values of stock awards assumed were determined using a Black-Scholes valuation model with the following assumptions: weighted average expected life of 3.68 years, weighted average risk-free interest rate of 2.82%, expected volatility of 36% and no dividend yield. The fair values of unvested BEA stock awards will be recorded as operating expenses on a straight-line basis over the remaining service periods, while the fair values of vested options are included in the total purchase price.
Acquisition Related Transaction Costs
Acquisition related transaction costs include estimated legal and accounting fees and other external costs directly related to the acquisition.
Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation
Pursuant to our business combinations accounting policy, the total purchase price for BEA was allocated to the net tangible assets, intangible assets and in-process research and development acquired based upon their estimated fair values as of April 29, 2008, as set forth below. The excess of the purchase price over the net tangible assets, intangible assets, and in-process research and development acquired was recorded as goodwill. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price was based upon a preliminary valuation and our estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the purchase price allocation period (generally one year from the acquisition date). The primary areas of the purchase price allocation that are not yet finalized relate to restructuring costs, property values, the valuation of intangible assets acquired, certain legal matters, income and non-income based taxes and residual goodwill. Our preliminary purchase price allocation for BEA is as follows:
Intangible Assets
In performing our preliminary purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, our intention for future use of acquired assets, analyses of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of BEA's products. The fair values of intangible assets were calculated using an income approach and estimates and assumptions provided by both BEA and Oracle management. The rates utilized to discount net cash flows to their present values were based on our weighted average cost of capital of 9%. This discount rate was determined after consideration of our rate of return on debt capital and equity and the weighted average return on invested capital. The following table sets forth the preliminary components of intangible assets associated with the BEA acquisition:
 
Customer relationships and software support agreements and related relationships represent the underlying relationships and agreements with BEA's customers. Developed technology is comprised of products that have reached technological feasibility and are a part of BEA's product lines. Core technology represents a combination of BEA processes, patents and trade secrets related to the design and development of BEA's software products. This proprietary know-how can be leveraged to develop new technology and improve our existing software products. Trademarks represent the fair value of brand and name recognition associated with the marketing of BEA's products and services.
In-Process Research and Development
We expense in-process research and development (IPR&D) upon acquisition as it represents incomplete BEA research and development projects that had not reached technological feasibility and had no alternative future use as of the date of our acquisition. Technological feasibility is established when an enterprise has completed all planning, designing, coding, and testing activities that are necessary to establish that a product can be produced to meet its design specifications including functions, features, and technical performance requirements. The value assigned to IPR&D of $17 million was determined by considering the importance of each project to our overall development plan, estimating costs to develop the purchased IPR&D into commercially viable products, estimating the resulting net cash flows from the projects when completed and discounting the net cash flows to their present values based on the percentage of completion of the IPR&D projects.
Deferred Revenues
In connection with the preliminary purchase price allocation, we have estimated the fair value of the support obligations assumed from BEA in connection with the acquisition. The estimated fair value of the support obligations was determined using a cost build-up approach. The cost build-up approach determines fair value by estimating the costs relating to fulfilling the obligations plus a normal profit margin. The sum of the costs and operating profit approximates, in theory, the amount that we would be required to pay a third party to assume the support obligations. The estimated costs to fulfill the support obligations were based on the historical direct costs related to providing the support services and to correct any errors in BEA software products. We did not include any costs associated with selling efforts or research and development or the related fulfillment margins on these costs. Profit associated with selling efforts was excluded because BEA had concluded the selling efforts on the support contracts prior to the date of our acquisition. The estimated research and development costs have not been included in the fair value determination, as these costs were not deemed to represent a legal obligation at the time of acquisition. As a result, in allocating the purchase price we recorded an adjustment to reduce the carrying value of BEA's April 29, 2008 deferred support revenue by $252 million to reflect our estimate of the fair value of BEA's support obligations assumed.
Pre-Acquisition Contingencies
We have evaluated and continue to evaluate pre-acquisition contingencies relating to BEA that existed as of the acquisition date. If these pre-acquisition contingencies that existed as of the acquisition date become probable in nature and estimable during the remainder of the purchase price allocation period (generally one year from the acquisition date), amounts recorded for such matters will be made in the purchase price allocation period and, subsequent to the purchase price allocation period, in our results of operations.
Short-Term Borrowings
Commercial Paper Program
In March 2008, we increased our commercial paper program to $5.0 billion from $3.0 billion (the CP Program). The original dealer agreements entered into in February 2006 with each of Banc of America Securities LLC, JP Morgan Securities Inc., Lehman Brothers Inc., Merrill Lynch Money Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement entered into in February 2006 with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, remain in effect and were not changed. Under the CP Program, we may issue and sell unsecured short-term promissory notes (Commercial Paper Notes) pursuant to a private placement exemption from the registration requirements under federal and state securities laws. In connection with the BEA acquisition, we originally issued $1.2 billion of Commercial Paper Notes.
 
As of the original issuance date, the maturities of the Commercial Paper Notes ranged between 7 days and 32 days and the weighted average yield of the Commercial Paper Notes was 2.25%.
Long-Term Borrowings
Senior Notes
In April 2008, we issued $5.0 billion of fixed rate senior notes, of which $1.25 billion of 4.95% senior notes are due April 2013 (2013 Notes), $2.5 billion of 5.75% senior notes are due April 2018 (2018 Notes), and $1.25 billion of 6.50% senior notes are due April 2038 (2038 Notes). We issued these senior notes to finance the acquisition of BEA and for general corporate purposes. Some or all of the 2013 Notes, 2018 Notes and 2038 Notes may be redeemed at any time, subject to payment of a make-whole premium. The 2013 Notes, 2018 Notes and 2038 Notes pay interest semi-annually.
The effective interest yields of the 2013 Notes, 2018 Notes and 2038 Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes) at the date of issuance were 4.96%, 5.76% and 6.52%, respectively. The Senior Notes rank pari passu with the Commercial Paper Notes and all existing and future senior indebtedness of Oracle Corporation.
The following pro forma adjustments are included in our unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements:
 
 
 
 
 
 
The pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share amounts presented in our unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations are based upon the weighted average number of our common shares outstanding and are adjusted for additional stock awards assumed from BEA stock award plans pursuant to the treasury stock method as if those awards had been assumed as they stood at the acquisition date as of the beginning of each period presented without consideration for any subsequent award activity such as exercises and cancellations. Our acquisition of BEA had no impact to our basic weighted average common shares outstanding calculations for the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations periods presented.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080625161416.txt.gz
TIME:20080625161416
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
     Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
     Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
     
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On June 25, 2008, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year ended May 31, 2008. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
     
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (d) Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

     
Exhibit 99.1
     
For Immediate Release
     REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 25, 2008  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that fiscal 2008 Q4 GAAP earnings per share were up 27% to $0.39, compared to the same quarter last year. Fourth quarter GAAP revenues were up 24% to $7.2 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 27% to $2.0 billion. Total GAAP software revenues were up 26% to $6.0 billion. GAAP new software license revenues were up 27% with database and middleware new license revenues up 23% and applications new license revenues up 36%. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 25% to $2.8 billion. GAAP service revenues were up 18% to $1.3 billion.
     Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 27% to $0.47, and non-GAAP net income was up 27% to $2.4 billion.
     For fiscal year 2008, GAAP earnings per share were up 30% to $1.06. Fiscal year 2008 GAAP revenues were up 25% to $22.4 billion, while annual GAAP net income was up 29% to $5.5 billion. Total GAAP new software license revenues for the year were up 28% to $7.5 billion with database and middleware new license revenues up 24% and applications new license revenues up 38%. For the year, GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 24% to $10.3 billion. Annual GAAP service revenues were up 21% to $4.6 billion. GAAP operating margins were up nearly 200 basis points to 35% in FY08.
 
     Fiscal year 2008 non-GAAP earnings per share were up 29% year over year to $1.30. Annual non-GAAP net income was up 28% to $6.8 billion compared to fiscal year 2007.
     "Non-GAAP operating margins were up 200 basis points in FY08 to a record 43.0%," said President and CFO Safra Catz. "Non-GAAP earnings per share were up 29% for the year and non-GAAP EPS has tripled over the last five years. Oracle has delivered solid results year-after-year."
     "Oracle's application new software license revenues grew 38% in FY08, while SAP's new software license revenues grew only 13% in their most recent fiscal year," said President Charles Phillips. "This is the third consecutive year we've taken applications market share from SAP."
     "Four years ago we publicly announced a five year plan to deliver non-GAAP earnings per share at a compound annual growth rate of 20%," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "During the past four years we exceeded our plan and delivered a non-GAAP EPS CAGR of over 26%."
     
Q4 Earnings Announcement
     Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today, June 25, to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the weblink is visible.
th
http://www.oracle.com/investor
     
About Oracle
     Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
     
Trademarks
     Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
 
     Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or services or new versions of existing or acquired products or services. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of June 25, 2008. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
: Business combination accounting rules require us to account for the fair value of support contracts assumed in connection with our acquisitions. Because these are typically one-year contracts, our GAAP revenues for the one year period subsequent to our acquisition of a business do not reflect the full amount of software license updates and product support revenues on assumed support contracts that would have otherwise been recorded by the acquired entity. The non-GAAP adjustment is intended to reflect the full amount of such revenues. We believe this adjustment is useful to investors as a measure of the ongoing performance of our business because we have historically experienced high renewal rates on support contracts, although we cannot be certain that customers will renew these contracts.
 - 
Support deferred revenue
: We have excluded the effect of stock-based compensation expenses from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income measures. Although stock-based compensation is a key incentive offered to our employees, and we believe such compensation contributed to the revenues earned during the periods presented and also believe it will contribute to the generation of future period revenues, we continue to evaluate our business performance excluding stock-based compensation expenses. Stock-based compensation expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Stock-based compensation expenses
: We have excluded the effect of amortization of intangibles expenses from our non-GAAP operating expenses and net income measures. Amortization of intangible assets expenses is inconsistent in amount and frequency and is significantly affected by the timing and size of our acquisitions. Investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to future period revenues as well. Amortization expenses will recur in future periods.
 - 
Amortization of intangible assets expenses
: We incurred significant expenses in connection with our acquisitions and also incurred certain other operating expenses or income, which we generally would not have otherwise incurred in the periods presented as a part of our continuing operations. Acquisition related and other expenses primarily consist of in-process research and development expenses, personnel related costs for transitional employees, stock-based compensation expenses (in addition to the stock-based compensation expenses described above), integration related professional services, certain business combination contingency adjustments after the purchase price allocation period has ended, and certain other operating expenses or income, net. Substantially all of the stock-based compensation expenses included in acquisition related and other expenses primarily resulted from unvested options assumed in acquisitions whose vesting was fully accelerated upon termination of the employees pursuant to the original terms of those options. Restructuring expenses consist of Oracle employee severance and other exit costs. We believe it is useful for investors to understand the effect of these items on our total operating expenses. Although acquisition related expenses and restructuring expenses are not recurring with respect to past acquisitions, we will incur these expenses in connection with any future acquisitions.
 - 
Acquisition related and other expenses, and restructuring expenses
For the year ended May 31, 2008, acquisition related and other expenses include a gain on property sale of $57 million. For the year ended May 31, 2007, acquisition related and other expenses included a $52 million benefit related to the settlement of a lawsuit filed against PeopleSoft, Inc. on behalf of the U.S. government. This lawsuit was filed in October 2003, prior to our acquisition of PeopleSoft and represented a pre-acquisition contingency that we identified and assumed in connection with our acquisition of PeopleSoft. In October 2006, we agreed to pay the U.S. government $98 million to settle this lawsuit. Since the purchase price allocation period for PeopleSoft ended in the third quarter of fiscal 2006, the favorable difference of $52 million between the estimated exposure recorded for this lawsuit during the purchase price allocation period and the actual settlement amount has been included in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended May 31, 2007 as a component of acquisition related and other expenses.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080730163131.txt.gz
TIME:20080730163131
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
Section 5  Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Election of Director
On July 24, 2008, Bruce R. Chizen, Chief Executive Officer of Adobe Systems Incorporated, accepted an offer to join the Board of Directors of Oracle Corporation. Mr. Chizen will not join any committees of the Board at this time.
Mr. Chizen will receive an annual retainer of $52,500 and will receive $3,000 for each regular meeting he attends and $2,000 for each special meeting he attends. He is eligible to participate in our Amended and Restated 1993 Directors' Stock Plan (the "Directors' Plan"), which provides for option grants, restricted stock or other equity-based awards to directors for their services. Pursuant to the Directors' Plan, Mr. Chizen was automatically granted on the date he became a director, July 24, 2008, a stock option to purchase 60,000 shares of our common stock. This stock option will vest 25% per year over four years on each anniversary of the grant date. Commencing May 31, 2009, he will also automatically be granted a stock option to purchase 45,000 shares of our common stock, granted on May 31st of each year. If he is appointed to any committees of the Board, he may be eligible to receive additional fees and equity grants. Mr. Chizen has also entered into our standard form of indemnification agreement pursuant to which we will indemnify him for certain actions he takes in his capacity as a director.
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080730203037.txt.gz
TIME:20080730203037
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
This Form 8-K/A is being filed as an amendment ("Amendment No. 1") to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Corporation on July 30, 2008 to indicate under Item 5.02 that Mr. Chizen is the former Chief Executive Officer of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
 
Section 5  Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Election of Director
On July 24, 2008, Bruce R. Chizen, former Chief Executive Officer of Adobe Systems Incorporated, accepted an offer to join the Board of Directors of Oracle Corporation. Mr. Chizen will not join any committees of the Board at this time.
Mr. Chizen will receive an annual retainer of $52,500 and will receive $3,000 for each regular meeting he attends and $2,000 for each special meeting he attends. He is eligible to participate in our Amended and Restated 1993 Directors' Stock Plan (the "Directors' Plan"), which provides for option grants, restricted stock or other equity-based awards to directors for their services. Pursuant to the Directors' Plan, Mr. Chizen was automatically granted on the date he became a director, July 24, 2008, a stock option to purchase 60,000 shares of our common stock. This stock option will vest 25% per year over four years on each anniversary of the grant date. Commencing May 31, 2009, he will also automatically be granted a stock option to purchase 45,000 shares of our common stock, granted on May 31st of each year. If he is appointed to any committees of the Board, he may be eligible to receive additional fees and equity grants. Mr. Chizen has also entered into our standard form of indemnification agreement pursuant to which we will indemnify him for certain actions he takes in his capacity as a director.
 
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080827170640.txt.gz
TIME:20080827170640
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 5  Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Appointment of Executive Vice President and Prospective Chief Financial Officer
On August 27, 2008, Oracle Corporation announced that Jeffrey E. Epstein has accepted our offer to become an Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Epstein, age 52, is expected to start as an Executive Vice President on September 8, 2008 and his appointment as Chief Financial Officer will be effective the day following the filing of our Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Safra A. Catz, our current Chief Financial Officer, will remain as one of our Presidents and a Director on our Board. Mr. Epstein will be reporting to Ms. Catz and will have responsibility for finance, controller's office, finance operations, tax, treasury, real estate, investor relations, audit and customer leasing.
Prior to joining us, Mr. Epstein served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Oberon Media, Inc., a privately held Internet game technology provider and publisher from April 2007 to June 2008. From June 2005 until its sale in March 2007, Mr. Epstein was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ADVO, Inc., a direct mail media company. Mr. Epstein was a member of the Board of Directors of Revonet, Inc., a B2B marketing and database company, from January 2004 to December 2005, Chairman of the Board from December 2004 to December 2005 and the Acting President and Chief Executive Officer from June 2004 through December 2004. Mr. Epstein was the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of VNU's Media Measurement and Information (MMI) Group, whose businesses include Nielsen Media Research, from March 2002 until December 2003. Mr. Epstein also serves as a director of MDC Partners Inc. and priceline.com Incorporated.
Mr. Epstein's employment with us will be at-will. His offer letter provides that he will be paid an annual salary of $700,000 and his target bonus for fiscal year 2009 will be $1,200,000, which will be awarded based on corporate and individual performance. After Mr. Epstein's start date, a proposal will be submitted to the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors to grant Mr. Epstein an option to purchase 1,000,000 shares of our common stock under our Amended and Restated 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan. This option will vest 25% each year beginning one year after the grant date. When Mr. Epstein joins us in September, we also expect to enter into our standard form of indemnification agreement with him pursuant to which we will indemnify him for certain actions he takes in his capacity as an Executive Vice President and our Chief Financial Officer. We will also reimburse Mr. Epstein for reasonable relocation expenses (so long as such expenses do not exceed $200,000) and for certain taxes owed as a result of our payment of these relocation expenses.
The description above is a summary of Mr. Epstein's offer letter and employment agreement and is qualified in its entirety by the offer letter and employment agreement which are filed as Exhibit 10.23 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT LIST

Exhibit 10.23
August 19, 2008
Jeffrey Epstein
Dear Jeff:
We are pleased to offer you the position of Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President with Oracle Corporation reporting to Safra Catz, President. Your appointment as Chief Financial Officer shall be effective on the later of (i) the day you begin your Oracle employment and (ii) the day following the filing of Oracle's Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. We offer you starting compensation at an annual rate of $700,000. In addition, your FY09 target bonus will be $1,200,000.
The following global functions will report to you: Finance, controller's office, finance operations, tax, treasury, real estate, audit and customer leasing. While Oracle's internal audit group reports directly to the Audit Committee, it will report indirectly to you, and you will have administrative oversight of it.
The Compensation Committee of Oracle's Board of Directors (the "Compensation Committee") has approved the terms set forth in this offer. Following your commencement date, a proposal will be submitted to the Compensation Committee requesting approval to grant you an option to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock, pursuant to the 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the "Plan") with an effective grant date of the date the Compensation Committee approves such option grant. The option will be priced based upon Oracle's stock price at the close of the market on the option grant date. The option will be issued under a written agreement and will be subject to qualification under all applicable securities regulations. As long as you remain continuously employed by Oracle, you will be eligible to exercise your right to purchase one quarter of the option shares per year, beginning one year after the Compensation Committee grants your option, subject to the terms of your written option agreement.
If you accept this offer, Oracle will pay reasonable, documented relocation expenses to assist with real estate fees and/or moving costs excluding buy down points, up to a maximum of $200,000. Reimbursement will be upon submission of proof of expenditure. Tax gross up will be provided on reimbursed expenses that are non deductable.
This offer of employment is contingent upon your satisfactory completion of Oracle's pre-employment background screening process, which will include education and employment verification as well as a criminal records search.
You agree to comply with the Insider Trading restrictions applicable to Oracle Officers and Directors for one fiscal quarter following your separation from Oracle, regardless of the reason for your separation. Among other things, under these restrictions, you are prohibited from trading in Oracle securities during the last month of the fiscal quarter and until two full trading days following Oracle's earnings announcement for that fiscal quarter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your proposed stock option referenced in this letter agreement shall be subject to the time limitations on exercise set forth in Section 6(i) of the Plan.
To accept this offer, please sign below as well as the enclosed Employment Agreement and Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate, Proprietary Information Agreement, Data Privacy Agreement, and any remaining new hire documents and return them to Oracle, ATTN: Americas HRSSC, 1001 Sunset Boulevard, Rocklin, CA 95765 for delivery by August 26, 2008.
If you have any questions regarding the conditions of your offer, please do not hesitate to contact me at (xxx) xxx-xxxx. This offer remains open until August 26, 2008.
We look forward to having you join Oracle and being a valued member of the Executive Team.
Sincerely,
/s/ Joyce Westerdahl
Joyce Westerdahl Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Enclosure: New Employee Packet
I hereby agree to the following
 
Employment Agreement & Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate
Please read this Agreement carefully before you agree to its terms by signing it. You may wish to consult an attorney prior to signing the Agreement. The Agreement sets forth certain important benefits, terms and conditions related to your employment with Oracle. It also sets forth the mutual agreement between you and Oracle to arbitrate any dispute or claim arising out of or related to your Oracle employment and to waive all rights to a trial or hearing before a court or jury.
Proprietary Information
Oracle's proprietary rights and confidential information are among the company's most important assets. In addition to signing this Agreement as a condition of employment, you also must sign the Proprietary Information Agreement included in the New Employee Packet.
Oracle Policies
Your adherence to the Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, set forth in a booklet included in the New Employee Packet, is vital to Oracle and to your success at Oracle. When you sign this Agreement, you are agreeing to thoroughly familiarize yourself with the Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and you are agreeing to abide by it. You also agree to take Oracle's Ethics and Business Conduct course, available on-line through Oracle's intranet. In addition, when you sign this Agreement, you are acknowledging that you have read the letter addressing Oracle's Safety Program highlights included in the New Employee Packet. The Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and the Oracle Employee Handbook are on the Oracle intranet and accessible to all employees. You agree, after beginning employment, to access the Employee Handbook and thoroughly familiarize yourself with Oracle policies and to abide by them. Additionally, from time to time, Oracle will communicate important information about its policies by way of electronic mail notification and/or the Oracle intranet. By signing this agreement, you agree to thoroughly review these policy communications and to abide by them.
Oracle is a government contractor, and, as such, certain federal, state, and local laws may place prohibitions or other restrictions on the ability of former government workers, and/or relatives of current or former government workers, to be employed by or to perform certain work on behalf of Oracle. By signing below, you are affirming that your employment with Oracle, and any work you perform while employed by Oracle, will not conflict with any such prohibitions or restrictions.
Employment Eligibility
In order to comply with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, the federal government requires the company to examine documents which prove your legal right to work in the United States. Please see the Verification of Eligibility for Employment information which also is a part of the New Employee Packet.
Benefits
Oracle offers its employees a comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance package through Oracleflex, a flexible benefits program. Oracleflex may require employee contributions. The company also offers benefits including a 401(k) Savings and Retirement Plan, an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, a Dependent Care Reimbursement Plan and an Educational Reimbursement Plan. The details of these plans are included in the New Employee Packet and/or are available on the Oracle intranet. You understand that you must make your Oracleflex benefits elections within the limited time period set forth in the communication accompanying your personal identification number that you will receive after beginning employment.
By signing this Agreement, you authorize Oracle to deduct from your compensation any and all contributions associated with your elections under Oracleflex, the Oracle 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, the Oracle Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or any other benefit offered by Oracle in which you participate and for which an employee contribution is required.
Your starting compensation, position and other terms and conditions related to your employment are set forth in the offer letter you received. By signing this Agreement, you also are agreeing to the terms and conditions set forth in the offer letter. Oral or written representations contradicting or supplementing the terms of the offer letter are not valid.
 
At-Will Employment
Employment at Oracle is at-will. The company makes no express or implied commitment that your employment will have a minimum or fixed term, that Oracle may take adverse employment action only for cause or that your employment is terminable only for cause. Either you or Oracle may terminate the employment relationship at any time for any reason. Additionally, Oracle may take any other employment action at any time for any reason. No one at Oracle may make, unless specifically authorized in writing by Oracle's Board of Directors, any promise, express or implied, that employment is for any fixed term or that cause is required for the termination of or change in the employment relationship.
Equal Employment Opportunity and Escalation Process
Oracle believes that all employees should be treated fairly and equitably in conformance with its Equal Employment Opportunity policies. We take personnel action without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, marital status, age, religion, disability or sexual orientation. Our commitment to these policies applies to every phase of the employment relationship, and we make every effort to comply with these policies. If, however, you feel you have not been treated fairly in some way in your Oracle employment, you agree, before taking any other action, to make a written complaint to a Director of the Human Resources Department and to allow individuals within the Department a reasonable period of time in which to investigate and informally attempt to resolve your issues.
Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate
You and Oracle understand and agree that any existing or future dispute or claim arising out of or related to your Oracle employment, or the termination of that employment, will be resolved by final and binding arbitration and that no other forum for dispute resolution will be available to either party, except as to those claims identified below. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on both you and Oracle and it shall be enforceable by any court having proper jurisdiction.
The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association or the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures adopted by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services ("JAMS"). The arbitrator will have all the powers a judge would have in dealing with any question or dispute that may arise before, during and after the arbitration.
     
Claims Not Covered
Claims for benefits under the workers' compensation, unemployment insurance and state disability insurance laws are not covered by this Arbitration Agreement. Additionally, claims by you or by Oracle for temporary restraining orders or preliminary injunctions ("temporary equitable relief") in cases in which such temporary equitable relief would be otherwise authorized by law are not covered by this Arbitration Agreement. In such cases where temporary equitable relief is sought, the trial on the merits of the action will occur in front of, and will be decided by, the arbitrator, who will have the same ability to order legal or equitable remedies as could a court of general jurisdiction.
          
Costs
Oracle agrees to bear the costs of the arbitrator's fee and all other costs related to the arbitration, assuming such costs are not expenses that you would be required to bear if you were bringing the action in a court of law. You and Oracle shall each bear your own attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the arbitration, and the arbitrator will not have authority to award attorneys' fees unless a statute at issue in the dispute or other appropriate law authorizes the award of attorneys' fees to the prevailing party, in which case the arbitrator shall have the authority to make an award of attorneys' fees as permitted by the applicable statute or law.
          
Consideration
You understand and acknowledge that you are offered employment in consideration of your promise to arbitrate claims. In addition, the promises by Oracle and by you to resolve claims by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement, rather than through the courts, provide consideration for each other.
     
Knowing and Voluntary Agreement; Complete Agreement
You understand and agree that you have been advised to consult with an attorney of your own choosing before signing this Employment Agreement & Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate, and you have had an opportunity to do so.
 
YOU FURTHER UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT & MUTUAL AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATIE CAREFULLY. BY SIGNING IT, YOU ARE EXPRESSLY WAIVING ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL OR HEARING BEFORE A COURT OR JURY OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WHICH CLAIMS YOU MAY NOW OR IN THE FUTURE HAVE.
This Arbitration Agreement contains the complete agreement between Oracle and you regarding the subject of arbitration and alternate dispute resolution, and supersedes any and all prior written, oral, or other types of representations and agreements between Oracle and you, if any.
Severability
If any portion of this Employment Agreement & Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate shall, for any reason, be held invalid or unenforceable, or contrary to public policy or any law, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, but shall remain in full force and effect, as if the invalid or unenforceable term or portion thereof had not existed within this Agreement.
Modification
This Employment Agreement & Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate may be modified only in a writing, expressly referencing this Agreement and you by full name, signed by you and Oracle's Board of Directors.
By signing below you are agreeing that you have read and understood every provision of this Agreement and that, in consideration for your employment at Oracle, you agree to abide by its terms.
ACKNOWLEDGED AND ACCEPTED:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20080918160940.txt.gz
TIME:20080918160940
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
     Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
     Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
     Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On September 18, 2008, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended August 31, 2008. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
     Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
     REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Sept. 18, 2008  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2009 Q1 GAAP earnings per share were up 28% to $0.21 compared to the same quarter last year. First quarter total GAAP revenues were up 18% to $5.3 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 28% to $1.1 billion. Total GAAP software revenues were up 20% to $4.2 billion with new software license revenues up 14% to $1.2 billion. GAAP Software license updates and product support revenues were up 23% to $2.9 billion. GAAP Services revenues were up 9% to $1.2 billion. GAAP operating margins were up 170 basis points to 29%.
     First quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 32% to $0.29, and non-GAAP net income was up 32% to $1.5 billion, compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP total revenues were up 18% to $5.4 billion. Non-GAAP total software revenues were up 21% to $4.3 billion and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 24% to $3.0 billion.
     "Our non-GAAP EPS grew 32% in Q1, and this comes after the 27% growth in Q1 of last year," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "We also delivered a Q1 non-GAAP operating margin of 40%, our highest ever in Q1, up 350 basis points from the quarter a year ago. We continue to deliver consistent earnings growth well ahead of plan."
     "Oracle has once again increased its database market share according to the latest Gartner research report," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "Oracle's 49% market share in the survey year 2007 was greater than the market share of the next 4 vendors combined: IBM, Microsoft, Teradata, and Sybase."
 
     "More-and-more Oracle database customers are buying our integrated suite of standards based Fusion middleware to modernize their computing environments," said Charles Phillips, Oracle President. "The Oracle product line of database, middleware and applications is by far the most extensive in the enterprise software industry. That enables us to offer a broader range of solutions than any other software vendor."
Q1 Earnings Announcement
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the web link is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, including supplemental financial information, please visit or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
  Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially.  We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures.  (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support.  (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or new versions of existing or acquired products.  (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations.  (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales.  (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices.   A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at .  All information set forth in this release is current as of September 18, 2008. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
     
 
 
     
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20081016060121.txt.gz
TIME:20081016060121
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 5  Corporate Governance and Management
Approval of Fiscal Year 2009 Executive Bonus Plan
At Oracle Corporation's 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on October 10, 2008, our stockholders approved Oracle's Fiscal Year 2009 Executive Bonus Plan (the "Bonus Plan"). The Bonus Plan provides for the payment of annual cash bonuses to eligible senior officers based upon the attainment of certain performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee such as improvement in Oracle's pre-tax profit on a non-GAAP basis and revenue related goals linked to a particular area of responsibility. The maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2009 would be $13,623,000, although the actual bonus amount will be based on achievement of the performance goals. The maximum bonus payment that any other participant may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2009 is based on a fixed multiple of a target bonus for the participant and would be less than the maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan.
A description of the Bonus Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.24 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 10.24
Description of the Fiscal Year 2009 Executive Bonus Plan
Participants in the Fiscal Year 2009 Executive Bonus Plan (the "Bonus Plan") are chosen solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, our Presidents and all of our Executive Vice Presidents are eligible to be considered for participation in the Bonus Plan. As of August 14, 2008, there were 10 persons chosen to participate for fiscal 2009. No person is automatically entitled to participate in the Bonus Plan in any bonus plan year. We may however pay discretionary bonuses, or other types of compensation, outside the Bonus Plan which may or may not be deductible. However, no employee has a guaranteed right to such discretionary compensation as a substitute for a performance award in the event that performance targets are not met or that stockholders fail to approve the material terms of the Bonus Plan.
Eligibility.
The Compensation Committee approved the adoption of the Bonus Plan, which is part of the overall compensation program for our executives, on August 14, 2008.
History.
The purpose of the Bonus Plan is to motivate the participants to achieve our financial performance objectives and to reward them when those objectives are met with bonuses that are intended to be deductible by us to the maximum extent possible as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
Purpose.
The Bonus Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee, consisting of no fewer than two members of the Board, each of whom qualifies as an "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
Administration.
Under the Bonus Plan, participants will be eligible to receive awards based upon the attainment, in fiscal 2009, and certification of, certain performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. For fiscal 2009:
Determination of Awards.
The Compensation Committee adopted the performance measures on August 14, 2008, within 90 days after the start of fiscal 2009. Each Sales and Consulting Participant's total bonus amount under the Bonus Plan is calculated by summing the applicable individual bonuses for each performance measure. For all participants, the applicable individual bonus for their performance measure or measures is related to the amount by which the target for each performance measure is exceeded or missed. If the individual performance target bonus calculation results in a negative number, the individual bonus for such performance measure is zero. The details of each of the formulas with respect to the criteria have not been included in this proxy statement in order to maintain the confidentiality of our revenue, profit, expense and/or margin expectations, which we believe are confidential commercial or business information, the disclosure of which would adversely affect Oracle. In the event of the termination or resignation of a participant during fiscal 2009, we may have the person who assumes the responsibilities of that participant assume the same bonus structure as that participant, but adjusted, as determined by the Compensation Committee, to take into account that such person did not serve in that capacity for the entire fiscal year.
All awards will be paid by August 15, 2009, unless a participant has requested to defer receipt of an award in accordance with the Oracle's Deferred Compensation Plan.
Payment of Awards.
 
The amounts that will be paid pursuant to the Bonus Plan are not currently determinable. The maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2009 would be $13,623,000. The maximum bonus payment that any other participant may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2009 is based on a fixed multiple of a target bonus for such participant and would be less than the maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan.
Maximum Award.
The Compensation Committee may terminate the Bonus Plan, in whole or in part, suspend the Bonus Plan, in whole or in part from time to time, and amend the Bonus Plan, from time to time, including the adoption of amendments deemed necessary or desirable to correct any defect or supply omitted data or to reconcile any inconsistency in the Bonus Plan or in any award granted thereunder, so long as stockholder approval has been obtained, if required in order for awards under the Bonus Plan to qualify as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Compensation Committee may amend or modify the Bonus Plan in any respect, or terminate the Bonus Plan, without the consent of any affected participant. However, in no event may such amendment or modification result in an increase in the amount of compensation payable pursuant to any award.
Amendment and Termination.
In order to be eligible for an award under the Bonus Plan, a participant must be actively employed by us through the date of payment. If a participant's employment with us terminates for any reason prior to such date of payment, the participant will not be eligible for any award under the Bonus Plan, and no award under the Bonus Plan will be paid to the participant (determined without regard to any election by a participant to defer receipt of an award).
Termination of Employment.
Under present federal income tax law, participants will realize ordinary income equal to the amount of the award received in the year of receipt. That income will be subject to applicable income and employment tax withholding by Oracle. In the event that a participant has requested to defer receipt of an award, FICA taxes will be applied in the year the award is deferred, and income tax withholding will be collected in the year of ultimate payment. We will receive a deduction for the amount constituting ordinary income to the participant, provided that the Bonus Plan satisfies the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, which limits the deductibility of nonperformance-related compensation paid to certain corporate executives, and otherwise satisfies the requirements for deductibility under federal income tax law.
Federal Income Tax Consequences.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20081020170055.txt.gz
TIME:20081020170055
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
     Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
Section 8 - Other Events
     
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle Corporation today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $8.0 billion of common stock under its share repurchase program. With this increase, the Company currently has authorization to repurchase approximately $9.3 billion of common stock. Oracle intends to use the additional authorization to repurchase its shares from time to time to offset the dilution created by shares issued under Oracle's stock option and employee stock purchase plans and to repurchase shares opportunistically. The stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and the pace of repurchase activity will depend on factors such as working capital needs, cash requirements for acquisitions, repayment or repurchase of debt, stock price, and economic and market conditions. Stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases and/or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. The stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20081218165026.txt.gz
TIME:20081218165026
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
     Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
o
     Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
o
     Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
o
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
     
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On December 18, 2008, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended November 30, 2008. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
     
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 18, 2008  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2009 Q2 GAAP earnings per share were $0.25, in line with GAAP earnings per share in Q2 of last year. Second quarter GAAP total revenues were up 6% to $5.6 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was down 1% to $1.3 billion. GAAP software revenues were up 8% to $4.5 billion with new software license revenues down 3% to $1.6 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 14% to $2.9 billion. GAAP services revenues were down 2% to $1.1 billion. GAAP operating income was up 11% to $2.0 billion and GAAP operating margin was up 166 basis points to 35%. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve month basis was $8.1 billion, up 16%.
     Without the $0.04 per share impact of the US dollar strengthening compared to foreign currencies, Oracle's reported Q2 GAAP earnings per share would have been up 11% to $0.29, with total GAAP revenues up 12%, quarterly GAAP net income up 10%, GAAP software revenues up 14%, GAAP new software license revenues up 5%, GAAP software license updates and product support revenues up 20%, GAAP services revenues up 5%, and GAAP operating income up 20%.
     Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 9% to $0.34, and non-GAAP net income was up 8% to $1.7 billion, compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP total revenues were up 6% to $5.7 billion. Non-GAAP software revenues were up 8% to $4.6 billion and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 15% to $2.9 billion.
      Without the $0.03 per share impact of the US dollar strengthening compared to foreign currencies, Oracle's reported Q2 non-GAAP earnings per share would have been up 18% to $0.37, with non-GAAP net income up 17%, non-GAAP total revenues up 13%, non-GAAP total software revenues up 15%, and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues up 21%.
     "Our non-GAAP operating income grew 25% in constant currency to $2.6 billion in Q2, resulting in operating margins of 46%," said Oracle Executive Vice President and CFO, Jeff Epstein. "In addition, Oracle generated $7.6 billion in free cash flow in the past twelve months, up 15% over the same period last year."
 
     "We signed our largest on-demand sales force automation contract this quarter," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "This was just one of several recent wins over salesforce.com. We also sold our first database machine, launching an all new and important business for Oracle."
Q2 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PST) / 5:00 p.m. (EST). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the web link is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
Supplemental Financial Tables
Supplemental financial materials regarding these results are available on our Investor Relations website at: . To receive these supplemental financial tables and other Investor Relations alerts directly, please subscribe to Oracle's RSS feeds via the RSS link on our website.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at oracle.com or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
 
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
  Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially.  We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions (including the global economic crisis) could adversely affect our revenue growth and profitability through reductions in IT budgets and expenditures.  (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases, or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support.  (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or services or new versions of existing or acquired products or services.  (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues, or may disrupt our existing operations.  (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales.  (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions, and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers.   A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at .  All information set forth in this release is current as of December 18, 2008. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
     
 
 
     
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090318161717.txt.gz
TIME:20090318161717
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
     
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On March 18, 2009, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 28, 2009. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
     
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock payable on May 8, 2009, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 8, 2009.
Oracle's press release dated March 18, 2009, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
     
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
     (d)    Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 18, 2009  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2009 Q3 GAAP earnings per share were $0.26, up 3% compared to last year. Third quarter GAAP total revenues were up 2% to $5.5 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was down 1% to $1.3 billion. GAAP software revenues were up 5% to $4.4 billion with new software license revenues down 6% to $1.5 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 11% to $2.9 billion. GAAP services revenues were down 8% to $1.0 billion. GAAP operating income was up 4% to $1.9 billion and GAAP operating margin was up 54 basis points to 36%. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve month basis was $8.5 billion, up 17%.
     Oracle's Q3 results were impacted by the dramatically reduced value of foreign currencies when compared to US dollars, reducing GAAP earnings by $0.05 per share. If currency exchange rates were the same as they were in Q3 of last year, Oracle's Q3 GAAP earnings per share would have been up 18% to $0.31 rather than up 3% to $0.26, with total GAAP revenues up 11% rather than up 2%, GAAP software revenues up 14% rather than up 5%, GAAP net income up 14% rather than down 1%, and GAAP operating income up 17% rather than up 4%.
     Third quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 16% to $0.35, and non-GAAP net income was up 12% to $1.8 billion, compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP total revenues were up 2% to $5.5 billion. Non-GAAP software revenues were up 5% to $4.5 billion and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 12% to $3.0 billion. Non-GAAP operating income was up 15% to $2.6 billion and non-GAAP operating margin was up 510 basis points to 46%.
 
     If currency exchange rates were the same as they were in Q3 of last year, Oracle's non-GAAP earnings per share would have been up 29% to $0.40, rather than up 16% to $0.35, with total non-GAAP revenues up 12% rather than up 2%, non-GAAP software revenues up 14% rather than up 5%, non-GAAP net income up 24% rather than up 12% and non-GAAP operating income up 26% rather than up 15%.
     Oracle also announced today that its Board of Directors intends to pay a quarterly cash dividend of $0.05 per share, or $0.20 per share annually, on its common stock. The Board declared the first cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 8, 2009, with a payment date of May 8, 2009. Future declaration of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
     "Our non-GAAP operating income was $2.6 billion in Q3, which was an increase of 15% over the same period last year, resulting in operating margins of 46%. In constant currency, non-GAAP operating income grew by 26%," said Oracle Executive Vice President and CFO, Jeff Epstein. "In addition, Oracle generated $8.0 billion in free cash flow in the past twelve months, up 14% over the same period last year."
     "We are committed to delivering value to our stockholders through technology innovation, strategic acquisitions, stock repurchases, and now through a dividend," said Safra Catz, Oracle's President. "We generated $8.0 billion in free cash flow over the last twelve months and we are running our business at record operating margins. We have always been committed to rewarding our stockholders' investments in Oracle and the Board has decided that it is the right time to declare a dividend for our stockholders."
     "If you look past the effect of exchange rates, our new software license revenues for this quarter were higher than our new software license revenues for Q3 of last year," said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "Achieving constant currency growth in new software license sales in this very challenging economy shows that we continue to beat our competitors in both technology and applications."
 
     "But for the strengthening of the US dollar leading to unfavorable currency exchange rates, our non-GAAP earnings per share would have increased 29% in Q3," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "This is a tremendous achievement in the face of the serious slowdown in the world economy."
Q3 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the web link is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
Supplemental Financial Tables
Supplemental financial materials regarding these results are available on our Investor Relations website at: . To receive these supplemental financial tables and other Investor Relations alerts directly, please subscribe to Oracle's RSS feeds via the RSS link on our website.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle Corporation is the world's largest business software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at oracle.com or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
       Statements in this press release and accompanying materials relating to the Board of Directors' or Oracle's future plans, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current plans, intentions and expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially.  We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent global economic and financial crisis, could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, through reductions in customer IT budgets and expenditures and through the general tightening of access to credit.  (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support.  (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or services or new versions of existing or acquired products or services.  (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations.  (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales.  (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers.   A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at .  All information set forth in this release is current as of March 18, 2009. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
http://www.oracle.com/investor
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
For the three and nine months ended February 29, 2008, acquisition related and other expenses include a gain on property sale of $57 million.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090421165233.txt.gz
TIME:20090421165233
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
On April 19, 2009, Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Oracle"), Sun Microsystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Sun"), and Soda Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle ("Merger Subsidiary"), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement") pursuant to which Merger Subsidiary will, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions therein, merge with and into Sun, the separate corporate existence of Merger Subsidiary shall cease and Sun shall be the successor or surviving corporation of the merger (the "Merger").
Upon the consummation of the Merger, (i) Sun will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle and (ii) each share of Sun common stock will be converted into the right to receive $9.50 in cash, without interest. In addition, options to acquire Sun common stock, Sun restricted stock unit awards, and other equity-based awards denominated in shares of Sun common stock outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger will be converted into options, restricted stock unit awards, or other equity-based awards, as the case may be, denominated in shares of Oracle common stock based on formulas contained in the Merger Agreement, except for equity-based awards held by a person who is not an employee of, or a consultant to, Sun or any of its subsidiaries, which equity-based awards shall be converted into the right to receive cash based on formulas contained in the Merger Agreement.
The transaction is subject to Sun stockholder approval, regulatory clearance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the applicable merger control laws of the European Commission and other jurisdictions, and other customary closing conditions.
The Merger Agreement contains certain termination rights for both Sun and Oracle and further provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain circumstances, Sun may be obligated to pay Oracle a termination fee of $260,000,000.
In connection with the Merger, Oracle entered into voting agreements with Scott G. McNealy, the Chairman of Sun, and Jonathan I. Schwartz, the Chief Executive Officer and President of Sun, pursuant to which they have agreed to vote their shares of Sun stock in favor of the Merger (the "Voting Agreements").
The Merger Agreement and the Voting Agreements have been filed as exhibits to this Form 8-K to provide information regarding the terms of the agreements and are not intended to modify or supplement any factual disclosures about Oracle or Sun in Oracle's public reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In particular, the Merger Agreement and the Voting Agreements are not intended to be, and should not be relied upon as, disclosures regarding any facts and circumstances relating to Oracle and Sun. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the Voting Agreements does not purport to be complete, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such agreements. A copy of the Merger Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 hereto, and the Voting Agreements with Jonathan I. Schwartz and Scott G. McNealy are filed, respectively, as Exhibit 2.2 and 2.3, hereto, each of which is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 8.01 Other Events
On April 20, 2009, Oracle and Sun issued a joint press release announcing that they had entered into the Merger Agreement. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1.
Also on April 20, 2009, Oracle and Sun held an investor conference call to discuss the execution of the Merger Agreement. A copy of the transcript of the conference call is furnished as Exhibit 99.2.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun, anticipated product information, estimates of future results of operations, anticipated customer and partner advantages and benefits, and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "plans", "estimates", "may", "can", "will", "believes", "expects" or "expected", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Sun's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this current report. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find it
In connection with the proposed merger, Sun will file a proxy statement with the SEC. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and Sun. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web
site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, Sun and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of Sun's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Sun's stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and will be set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger when it becomes available.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: April 21, 2009
 
 

Exhibit 2.2
Execution Version
This VOTING AGREEMENT (this ""), dated as of April 19, 2009, is entered into by and between the individual listed as "Stockholder" on the signature pages hereof ("") and Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("").
Agreement
Stockholder
Parent
WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and Sun Microsystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the ""), providing, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "");
Merger Sub
Company
Merger Agreement
Merger
WHEREAS, Parent and Merger Sub, as a precondition to its willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, have required assurances from the Stockholder regarding Stockholder's support for the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and agreement as to the other matters set forth in this Agreement, and Stockholder has agreed to provide such assurances by entering into this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Company has approved the entry by Parent, Merger Sub and Stockholder into this Agreement for purposes of Section 203 of the Delaware Law.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and in the Merger Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. . For the purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this . Other capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.
Certain Definitions
Section 1
"" means all shares of Company Common Stock and any other equity securities of the Company which are Beneficially Owned by Stockholder and are acquired after the date hereof and prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Additional Owned Shares
"," "" and "" have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Act.
Beneficially Owned
Beneficial Owner
Beneficial Ownership
"" means the Owned Shares and Additional Owned Shares.
Covered Shares
"" means all shares of Company Common Stock and any other equity securities of the Company which are Beneficially Owned by Stockholder as of the date hereof.
Owned Shares
"" has the meaning assigned there to in hereof.
Representatives
Section 3(b)
"" has the meaning assigned thereto in hereof.
Term
Section 6
"" means, with respect to a security, the transfer, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition (whether by sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution, dividend, distribution or otherwise) of such security or the Beneficial Ownership thereof, the offer to make such a transfer or other disposition, and each option, agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.
Transfer
2. .
Stockholder Vote
(a) . At any meeting of the stockholders of the Company, however called, or at any adjournment thereof, or in any other circumstance in which the vote, consent or other approval of the stockholders of the Company is sought with respect to the Merger Agreement or any Acquisition Proposal or any proposal relating to the Merger Agreement or any Acquisition Proposal, Stockholder shall, and shall cause any other holder of record of any Covered Shares to (i) appear at each such meeting or otherwise cause all Covered Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating a quorum and (ii) vote (or cause to be voted), or execute and deliver a written consent (or cause a written consent to be executed and delivered) covering, all Covered Shares (A) in favor of the Merger, the execution and delivery by the Company of the Merger Agreement and the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the terms thereof, in favor of each of the other actions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and in favor of any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; (B) against (i) any Acquisition Proposal or any proposal relating to an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) any merger agreement or merger (other than the Merger Agreement and the Merger), consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company, or (iii) any amendment of the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws that, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) would (1) impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify any provision of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the Merger, (2) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement, or (3) change in any manner the voting rights of the Covered Shares. Stockholder shall not commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.
Voting Agreement
(b) . Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Stockholder agrees to deliver to Parent an irrevocable proxy in the form attached as hereto (the ""), which shall be irrevocable to the extent permitted by applicable law, covering all Covered Shares. Stockholder hereby represents to Parent that any proxies heretofore given in respect of the Covered Shares are not irrevocable and that any such proxies are hereby revoked, and Stockholder agrees to promptly notify the Company of such revocation. Stockholder hereby affirms that the Proxy is given in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of Stockholder under this Agreement. Stockholder hereby further affirms that the Proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. If for any reason the proxy granted herein is not irrevocable, Stockholder agrees to vote the Covered Shares in accordance with hereof.
Irrevocable Proxy
Exhibit A
Proxy
Section 2(a)
 
3.
No Disposition or Solicitation; Communications
(a) . Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees that between the date hereof and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to , except as contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, Stockholder shall not (a) offer to Transfer, Transfer or consent to any Transfer of any or all of the Covered Shares or any interest therein without the prior written consent of Parent, (b) enter into any contract, option or other agreement or understanding with respect to any Transfer of any or all Covered Shares or any interest therein, (c) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent in or with respect to any or all of the Covered Shares, (d) deposit any or all of the Covered Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any or all of the Covered Shares or (e) take any other action that would make any representation or warranty of Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect in any material respect or in any way restrict, limit or interfere in any material respect with the performance of Stockholder's obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement. Any attempted Transfer of Covered Shares or any interest therein in violation of this shall be null and void. This shall not prohibit a Transfer of the Covered Shares by Stockholder (i) to any member of Stockholder's immediate family, or to a trust for the benefit of Stockholder or any member of Stockholder's immediate family, (ii) upon the death of Stockholder, (iii) pursuant to the terms of a trading plan adopted pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act in effect prior to the date hereof or (iv) upon the vesting of any Company Compensatory Award but only to the extent of such Stockholder's income or other tax liability with respect to such Company Compensatory Award; , that, with the exception of 3(a)(iii) and 3(a) (iv) hereof, a Transfer referred to in this sentence shall be permitted only if, as a precondition to such Transfer, the transferee agrees in a writing, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Parent, to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement.
No Disposition
Section 6
Section 3
Section 3
provided
(b) . Stockholder (in Stockholder's capacity as such) hereby agrees that Stockholder shall not, and shall use reasonable efforts to cause his representatives and agents (including its investment bankers, attorneys and accountants) (collectively, its "") to not, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or knowingly take any action to facilitate or encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal or the making of any inquiry, offer or proposal that could reasonably be expected to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, or (i) conduct or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, disclose any non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by, any Third Party that is seeking to make, or has made, any Acquisition Proposal or (ii) enter into any Contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal.
Non-Solicitation
Representatives
(c) . Unless required by applicable law, Stockholder shall not, and shall cause its Representatives not to, make any press release, public announcement or other public communication that criticizes or disparages this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, without the prior written consent of Parent. Stockholder hereby (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent of Stockholder's identity and holding of Covered Shares, and the nature of Stockholder's commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement, and any other
Communications
 
information that Parent reasonably determines to be necessary in any SEC disclosure document in connection with the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) agrees as promptly as practicable to notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such disclosure document.
4. .
Additional Agreements
(a) . In the event of any stock split, stock dividend, merger, reorganization, recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of the Company affecting the Covered Shares or the acquisition of Additional Owned Shares or other securities or rights of the Company by Stockholder, (i) the type and number of Covered Shares shall be adjusted appropriately and (ii) this Agreement and the obligations hereunder shall automatically attach to any additional Covered Shares or other securities or rights of the Company issued to or acquired by Stockholder.
Certain Events
(b) . Stockholder hereby (i) waives and agrees not to exercise any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent from the Merger that Stockholder may have and (ii) agrees not to commence or participate in, and to take all actions necessary to opt out of any class in any class action with respect to, any claim, derivative or otherwise, against Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any of their respective successors relating to the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or the consummation of the Merger, including any claim (x) challenging the validity of, seeking to enjoin the operation of, any provision of this Agreement or (y) alleging a breach of any fiduciary duty of the Board of Directors of the Company in connection with the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.
Waiver of Appraisal and Dissenters' Rights and Actions
(c) . Stockholder hereby agrees, while this Agreement is in effect, to notify Parent promptly in writing of the number and description of any Additional Owned Shares.
Additional Owned Shares
5. . Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:
Representations and Warranties of Stockholder
(a) . Stockholder is the Beneficial Owner of the shares of Company Common Stock set forth on (the ""). The Disclosed Owned Shares constitute all of the capital stock and any other equity securities of the Company Beneficially Owned by Stockholder on the date hereof and Stockholder is not the Beneficial Owner of, or has any right to acquire (whether currently, upon lapse of time, following the satisfaction of any conditions, upon the occurrence of any event or any combination of the foregoing) any shares of Company Common Stock or any other equity securities of the Company or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock or such other equity securities, in each case other than the Disclosed Owned Shares. Stockholder has all necessary voting power, power of disposition and power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth in , and hereof and all other the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the Owned Shares with no limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to applicable securities laws and the terms of this Agreement.
Title
Schedule I
Disclosed Owned Shares
Sections
2
3
4
 
(b) . This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Stockholder and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Parent, constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of Stockholder, enforceable against Stockholder in accordance with its terms. If Stockholder is married, and any of the Covered Shares constitute community property or spousal approval is otherwise necessary for this Agreement to be legal, binding and enforceable, this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of, Stockholder's spouse, enforceable in accordance with its terms. None of the Covered Shares is subject to any voting trust or other agreement or arrangement with respect to the voting of such Covered Shares.
Due Execution and Delivery
(c) . None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Stockholder, the consummation by Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby or compliance by Stockholder with any of the provisions hereof will conflict with or result in a breach, or constitute a default (with or without notice of lapse of time or both) under any provision of, any trust agreement, loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, notice, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Stockholder or to Stockholder's property or assets.
No Conflict or Default
(d) . There is no suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of Stockholder, threatened against Stockholder at law or in equity before or by any Governmental Entity that could reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Stockholder to perform its obligations hereunder or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
No Litigation
6. . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term (the "") of this Agreement, the Proxy granted pursuant hereto and the obligations of the parties hereto shall commence on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the earliest of (i) the mutual agreement of Parent and Stockholder, (ii) the Effective Time; and (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms; that nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement occurring during the Term of this Agreement.
Termination
Term
provided
7. . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Stockholder, who is an officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company, from taking any action solely in his or her capacity as an officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company or from taking any action with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or any other action permitted by the Merger Agreement, in either case as an officer and member of such Board of Directors.
No Limitation
 
8. .
Miscellaneous
(a) . This Agreement (together with and ) and the Proxy constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Entire Agreement
Schedule I
Exhibit A
(b) . Stockholder agrees to take any other actions reasonably requested by Parent in order to vest, perfect, confirm or record the rights granted to Parent hereunder.
Further Assurances
(c) . This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of Stockholder (in the case of any assignment by Parent) or Parent (in the case of an assignment by Stockholder); that Parent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to Merger Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall relieve Parent of its obligations hereunder.
No Assignment
provided
(d) . Without limiting any other rights Parent may have hereunder in respect of any Transfer of the Covered Shares prior to the Termination Date, Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the Proxy and the obligations hereunder and thereunder shall attach to the Covered Shares Beneficially Owned by Stockholder and shall be binding upon any person to which legal or Beneficial Ownership of such Covered Shares shall pass, whether by operation of law or otherwise, including, without limitation, Stockholder's heirs, guardians, administrators or successors.
Binding Successors
(e) . This Agreement may not be amended, changed, supplemented or otherwise modified except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of Parent and Stockholder.
Amendments
(f) . All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly received) (i) upon receipt, if delivered personally or by first class mail, postage pre-paid, (ii) on the date of transmission, if sent by facsimile transmission (with confirmation of receipt), or (iii) on the Business Day after dispatch, if sent by nationally recognized, documented overnight delivery service, as follows:
Notice
:
If to Stockholder
At the address and facsimile number set forth on hereto.
Schedule I
:
Copy to
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
Professional Corporation
650 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050
Attention: Larry W. Sonsini, Martin W. Korman, Todd Cleary and Michael Ringler
Facsimile No.: (650) 493-6811
 
:
If to Parent
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, California 94065
Attention: Dorian Daley
  Brady Mickelsen
Facsimile No.: (650) 633-1813
:
Copy to
Latham & Watkins LLP
505 Montgomery Street, Suite 2000
Attention: John M. Newell, Esq.
Facsimile No.: (415) 395-8095
or to such other address or facsimile number as the person to whom notice is given may have previously furnished to the other parties hereto in writing in the manner set forth above.
(g) . This Agreement shall be deemed severable; the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the balance of this Agreement or of any other term hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. If any of the provisions hereof are determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible.
Severability
(h) . All rights, powers and remedies provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity shall be cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise of any such right, power or remedy by any party hereto shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power or remedy by such party.
Remedies
(i) . The failure of any party hereto to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any other party hereto with such party's obligations hereunder, and any custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof, shall not constitute a waiver by such party of such party's right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to demand such compliance.
No Waiver
(j) . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.
No Third Party Beneficiaries
(k) . This Agreement, and all matters arising hereunder or in connection herewith, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
Governing Law
 
(l) . Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) consents to the submission to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware sitting in Wilmington, Delaware for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby, (ii) agrees not to commence any action, suit or proceeding relating thereto except in such court and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (iii) agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail, or otherwise in the manner provided for notices in hereof, shall be effective service of process for any such action, suit or proceeding brought against it in any such court, (iv) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action, suit or proceeding in such courts and (v) agrees not to plead or claim in any court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Submission to Jurisdiction
Section 8(f)
(m) . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS .
Waiver of Jury Trial
SECTION 8(M)
(n) . The parties hereto hereby agree that irreparable damage to Parent would occur, damages would be difficult to determine and would be an insufficient remedy and no other adequate remedy would exist at law or in equity, in each case in the event that any provision of this Agreement were not fully performed by Stockholder in accordance with its specific terms or were otherwise breached. Stockholder hereby waives any defenses based on the adequacy of any other remedy, whether at law or in equity, that might be asserted as a bar to the remedy of specific performance of any of the terms or provisions hereof or injunctive relief in any action brought therefor by Parent. Accordingly, the parties hereto acknowledge and hereby agree that in the event of any breach or threatened breach by a Stockholder of any of its covenants or obligations set forth in this Agreement, Parent shall be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, including monetary damages) to seek and obtain (i) a decree or order of specific performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation, and (ii) an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach.
Specific Performance
 
(o) . The descriptive headings used herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The words "include," "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by "without limitation" whether or not they are in fact followed by such words or words of like import. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted for or against any party hereto because that party or its legal representatives drafted the provision. The words "hereof," "hereto," "hereby," "herein," "hereunder" and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not any particular section in which such words appear.
Interpretation
(p) . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Counterparts
(q) . Except as otherwise provided herein, each party hereto shall pay such party's own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement.
Expenses
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent and Stockholder have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
 
The undersigned stockholder ("") of Sun Microsystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), hereby (i) irrevocably grants to, and appoints, Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and any person designated in writing by Parent, and each of them individually, Stockholder's proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of Stockholder, to vote all of the Covered Shares or grant a consent or approval in respect of the Covered Shares, in accordance with the terms of this Proxy and (ii) revokes any and all proxies heretofore given in respect of the Covered Shares.
Stockholder
Company
Parent
This Proxy is granted pursuant to that certain Voting Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2009, by and between Parent and Stockholder (the ""). For the purposes of this Proxy, "" has the meaning set forth in the Voting Agreement. The Covered Shares as of the date hereof are set forth on the signature page hereof.
Voting Agreement
Covered Shares
Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Proxy is given in connection with the execution of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ""), dated as of the date hereof, by and among Parent, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and the Company, providing, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of Stockholder under the Voting Agreement. Stockholder hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Merger Agreement
Merger Sub
The attorneys-in-fact and proxies named above are hereby authorized and empowered by the undersigned at any time after the date hereof and prior to the termination of the Voting Agreement to act as the undersigned's attorney-in-fact and proxy to vote the Covered Shares, and to exercise all voting, consent and similar rights of the undersigned with respect to the Covered Shares (including, without limitation, the power to execute and deliver written consents), at every annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of the stockholders of the Company and in every written consent in lieu of such a meeting in the manner set forth in of the Voting Agreement. No Stockholder shall commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.
Section 2(a)
Any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the undersigned.
This Proxy will terminate and become null and void and of no further effect upon the termination of the Voting Agreement pursuant to thereof.
Section 6
Dated: April 19, 2009
 

Exhibit 2.3
Execution Version
This VOTING AGREEMENT (this ""), dated as of April 19, 2009, is entered into by and between the individual listed as "Stockholder" on the signature pages hereof ("") and Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("").
Agreement
Stockholder
Parent
WHEREAS, contemporaneously with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and Sun Microsystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date hereof (the ""), providing, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the "");
Merger Sub
Company
Merger Agreement
Merger
WHEREAS, Parent and Merger Sub, as a precondition to its willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, have required assurances from the Stockholder regarding Stockholder's support for the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and agreement as to the other matters set forth in this Agreement, and Stockholder has agreed to provide such assurances by entering into this Agreement; and
WHEREAS, the Company has approved the entry by Parent, Merger Sub and Stockholder into this Agreement for purposes of Section 203 of the Delaware Law.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the respective representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in this Agreement and in the Merger Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. . For the purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in this . Other capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Merger Agreement.
Certain Definitions
Section 1
"" means all shares of Company Common Stock and any other equity securities of the Company which are Beneficially Owned by Stockholder and are acquired after the date hereof and prior to the termination of this Agreement.
Additional Owned Shares
"," "" and "" have the meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Securities Act.
Beneficially Owned
Beneficial Owner
Beneficial Ownership
"" means the Owned Shares and Additional Owned Shares.
Covered Shares
"" means all shares of Company Common Stock and any other equity securities of the Company which are Beneficially Owned by Stockholder as of the date hereof.
Owned Shares
"" has the meaning assigned there to in hereof.
Representatives
Section 3(b)
"" has the meaning assigned thereto in hereof.
Term
Section 6
"" means, with respect to a security, the transfer, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition (whether by sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, dissolution, dividend, distribution or otherwise) of such security or the Beneficial Ownership thereof, the offer to make such a transfer or other disposition, and each option, agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing, to effect any of the foregoing.
Transfer
2. .
Stockholder Vote
(a) . At any meeting of the stockholders of the Company, however called, or at any adjournment thereof, or in any other circumstance in which the vote, consent or other approval of the stockholders of the Company is sought with respect to the Merger Agreement or any Acquisition Proposal or any proposal relating to the Merger Agreement or any Acquisition Proposal, Stockholder shall, and shall cause any other holder of record of any Covered Shares to (i) appear at each such meeting or otherwise cause all Covered Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating a quorum and (ii) vote (or cause to be voted), or execute and deliver a written consent (or cause a written consent to be executed and delivered) covering, all Covered Shares (A) in favor of the Merger, the execution and delivery by the Company of the Merger Agreement and the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and the terms thereof, in favor of each of the other actions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and in favor of any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; (B) against (i) any Acquisition Proposal or any proposal relating to an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) any merger agreement or merger (other than the Merger Agreement and the Merger), consolidation, combination, sale of substantial assets, reorganization, recapitalization, dissolution, liquidation or winding up of or by the Company, or (iii) any amendment of the Company's certificate of incorporation or bylaws that, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) would (1) impede, frustrate, prevent or nullify any provision of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the Merger, (2) result in a breach in any respect of any covenant, representation, warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement, or (3) change in any manner the voting rights of the Covered Shares. Stockholder shall not commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.
Voting Agreement
(b) . Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Stockholder agrees to deliver to Parent an irrevocable proxy in the form attached as hereto (the ""), which shall be irrevocable to the extent permitted by applicable law, covering all Covered Shares. Stockholder hereby represents to Parent that any proxies heretofore given in respect of the Covered Shares are not irrevocable and that any such proxies are hereby revoked, and Stockholder agrees to promptly notify the Company of such revocation. Stockholder hereby affirms that the Proxy is given in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of Stockholder under this Agreement. Stockholder hereby further affirms that the Proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such irrevocable proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. If for any reason the proxy granted herein is not irrevocable, Stockholder agrees to vote the Covered Shares in accordance with hereof.
Irrevocable Proxy
Exhibit A
Proxy
Section 2(a)
 
3.
No Disposition or Solicitation; Communications
(a) . Stockholder hereby covenants and agrees that between the date hereof and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to , except as contemplated by this Agreement and the Merger Agreement, Stockholder shall not (a) offer to Transfer, Transfer or consent to any Transfer of any or all of the Covered Shares or any interest therein without the prior written consent of Parent, (b) enter into any contract, option or other agreement or understanding with respect to any Transfer of any or all Covered Shares or any interest therein, (c) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent in or with respect to any or all of the Covered Shares, (d) deposit any or all of the Covered Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any or all of the Covered Shares or (e) take any other action that would make any representation or warranty of Stockholder contained herein untrue or incorrect in any material respect or in any way restrict, limit or interfere in any material respect with the performance of Stockholder's obligations hereunder or the transactions contemplated hereby or by the Merger Agreement. Any attempted Transfer of Covered Shares or any interest therein in violation of this shall be null and void. This shall not prohibit a Transfer of the Covered Shares by Stockholder (i) to any member of Stockholder's immediate family, or to a trust for the benefit of Stockholder or any member of Stockholder's immediate family, (ii) upon the death of Stockholder, (iii) pursuant to the terms of a trading plan adopted pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act in effect prior to the date hereof or (iv) upon the vesting of any Company Compensatory Award but only to the extent of such Stockholder's income or other tax liability with respect to such Company Compensatory Award; that, with the exception of 3(a)(iii) and 3(a) (iv) hereof, a Transfer referred to in this sentence shall be permitted only if, as a precondition to such Transfer, the transferee agrees in a writing, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Parent, to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement.
No Disposition
Section 6
Section 3
Section 3
provided,
(b) . Stockholder (in Stockholder's capacity as such) hereby agrees that Stockholder shall not, and shall use reasonable efforts to cause his representatives and agents (including its investment bankers, attorneys and accountants) (collectively, its "") to not, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate or knowingly take any action to facilitate or encourage the submission of any Acquisition Proposal or the making of any inquiry, offer or proposal that could reasonably be expected to lead to any Acquisition Proposal, or (i) conduct or engage in any discussions or negotiations with, disclose any non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by, any Third Party that is seeking to make, or has made, any Acquisition Proposal or (ii) enter into any Contract relating to any Acquisition Proposal.
Non-Solicitation
Representatives
(c) . Unless required by applicable law, Stockholder shall not, and shall cause its Representatives not to, make any press release, public announcement or other public communication that criticizes or disparages this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, without the prior written consent of Parent. Stockholder hereby (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent of Stockholder's identity and holding of Covered Shares, and the nature of Stockholder's commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Agreement, and any other
Communications
 
information that Parent reasonably determines to be necessary in any SEC disclosure document in connection with the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) agrees as promptly as practicable to notify Parent of any required corrections with respect to any written information supplied by it specifically for use in any such disclosure document.
4. .
Additional Agreements
(a) . In the event of any stock split, stock dividend, merger, reorganization, recapitalization or other change in the capital structure of the Company affecting the Covered Shares or the acquisition of Additional Owned Shares or other securities or rights of the Company by Stockholder, (i) the type and number of Covered Shares shall be adjusted appropriately and (ii) this Agreement and the obligations hereunder shall automatically attach to any additional Covered Shares or other securities or rights of the Company issued to or acquired by Stockholder.
Certain Events
(b) . Stockholder hereby (i) waives and agrees not to exercise any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent from the Merger that Stockholder may have and (ii) agrees not to commence or participate in, and to take all actions necessary to opt out of any class in any class action with respect to, any claim, derivative or otherwise, against Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any of their respective successors relating to the negotiation, execution or delivery of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement or the consummation of the Merger, including any claim (x) challenging the validity of, seeking to enjoin the operation of, any provision of this Agreement or (y) alleging a breach of any fiduciary duty of the Board of Directors of the Company in connection with the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.
Waiver of Appraisal and Dissenters' Rights and Actions
(c) . Stockholder hereby agrees, while this Agreement is in effect, to notify Parent promptly in writing of the number and description of any Additional Owned Shares.
Additional Owned Shares
5. . Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent as follows:
Representations and Warranties of Stockholder
(a) . Stockholder is the Beneficial Owner of the shares of Company Common Stock set forth on (the ""). The Disclosed Owned Shares constitute all of the capital stock and any other equity securities of the Company Beneficially Owned by Stockholder on the date hereof and Stockholder is not the Beneficial Owner of, or has any right to acquire (whether currently, upon lapse of time, following the satisfaction of any conditions, upon the occurrence of any event or any combination of the foregoing) any shares of Company Common Stock or any other equity securities of the Company or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock or such other equity securities, in each case other than the Disclosed Owned Shares. Stockholder has all necessary voting power, power of disposition and power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth in , and hereof and all other the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the Owned Shares with no limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, subject to applicable securities laws and the terms of this Agreement.
Title
Schedule I
Disclosed Owned Shares
Sections
2
3
4
 
(b) . This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Stockholder and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by Parent, constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of Stockholder, enforceable against Stockholder in accordance with its terms. If Stockholder is married, and any of the Covered Shares constitute community property or spousal approval is otherwise necessary for this Agreement to be legal, binding and enforceable, this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by, and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of, Stockholder's spouse, enforceable in accordance with its terms. None of the Covered Shares is subject to any voting trust or other agreement or arrangement with respect to the voting of such Covered Shares.
Due Execution and Delivery
(c) . None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Stockholder, the consummation by Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby or compliance by Stockholder with any of the provisions hereof will conflict with or result in a breach, or constitute a default (with or without notice of lapse of time or both) under any provision of, any trust agreement, loan or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, instrument, permit, concession, franchise, license, judgment, order, notice, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Stockholder or to Stockholder's property or assets.
No Conflict or Default
(d) . There is no suit, claim, action, investigation or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of Stockholder, threatened against Stockholder at law or in equity before or by any Governmental Entity that could reasonably be expected to impair the ability of Stockholder to perform its obligations hereunder or consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.
No Litigation
6. . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the term (the "") of this Agreement, the Proxy granted pursuant hereto and the obligations of the parties hereto shall commence on the date hereof and shall terminate upon the earliest of (i) the mutual agreement of Parent and Stockholder, (ii) the Effective Time; and (iii) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms; that nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any breach of this Agreement occurring during the Term of this Agreement.
Termination
Term
provided
7. . Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prohibit Stockholder, who is an officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company, from taking any action solely in his or her capacity as an officer and member of the Board of Directors of the Company or from taking any action with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or any other action permitted by the Merger Agreement, in either case as an officer and member of such Board of Directors.
No Limitation
 
8. .
Miscellaneous
(a) . This Agreement (together with and ) and the Proxy constitutes the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Entire Agreement
Schedule I
Exhibit A
(b) . Stockholder agrees to take any other actions reasonably requested by Parent in order to vest, perfect, confirm or record the rights granted to Parent hereunder.
Further Assurances
(c) . This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of Stockholder (in the case of any assignment by Parent) or Parent (in the case of an assignment by Stockholder); that Parent may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to Merger Sub or any other Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall relieve Parent of its obligations hereunder.
No Assignment
provided
(d) . Without limiting any other rights Parent may have hereunder in respect of any Transfer of the Covered Shares prior to the Termination Date, Stockholder agrees that this Agreement and the Proxy and the obligations hereunder and thereunder shall attach to the Covered Shares Beneficially Owned by Stockholder and shall be binding upon any person to which legal or Beneficial Ownership of such Covered Shares shall pass, whether by operation of law or otherwise, including, without limitation, Stockholder's heirs, guardians, administrators or successors.
Binding Successors
(e) . This Agreement may not be amended, changed, supplemented or otherwise modified except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of Parent and Stockholder.
Amendments
(f) . All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall be deemed to have been duly received) (i) upon receipt, if delivered personally or by first class mail, postage pre-paid, (ii) on the date of transmission, if sent by facsimile transmission (with confirmation of receipt), or (iii) on the Business Day after dispatch, if sent by nationally recognized, documented overnight delivery service, as follows:
Notice
:
If to Stockholder
At the address and facsimile number set forth on hereto.
Schedule I
:
Copy to
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
Professional Corporation
650 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1050
Attention: Larry W. Sonsini, Martin W. Korman, Todd Cleary and Michael Ringler
Facsimile No.: (650) 493-6811
 
:
If to Parent
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, California 94065
Attention: Dorian Daley
Brady Mickelsen
Facsimile No.: (650) 633-1813
:
Copy to
Latham & Watkins LLP
505 Montgomery Street, Suite 2000
Attention: John M. Newell, Esq.
Facsimile No.: (415) 395-8095
or to such other address or facsimile number as the person to whom notice is given may have previously furnished to the other parties hereto in writing in the manner set forth above.
(g) . This Agreement shall be deemed severable; the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any term or provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity, legality or enforceability of the balance of this Agreement or of any other term hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect. If any of the provisions hereof are determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible.
Severability
(h) . All rights, powers and remedies provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity shall be cumulative and not alternative, and the exercise of any such right, power or remedy by any party hereto shall not preclude the simultaneous or later exercise of any other such right, power or remedy by such party.
Remedies
(i) . The failure of any party hereto to exercise any right, power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in respect hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any other party hereto with such party's obligations hereunder, and any custom or practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof, shall not constitute a waiver by such party of such party's right to exercise any such or other right, power or remedy or to demand such compliance.
No Waiver
(j) . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any other person any rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.
No Third Party Beneficiaries
(k) . This Agreement, and all matters arising hereunder or in connection herewith, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws.
Governing Law
 
(l) . Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally (i) consents to the submission to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware sitting in Wilmington, Delaware for any actions, suits or proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby, (ii) agrees not to commence any action, suit or proceeding relating thereto except in such court and in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, (iii) agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. registered mail, or otherwise in the manner provided for notices in hereof, shall be effective service of process for any such action, suit or proceeding brought against it in any such court, (iv) waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such action, suit or proceeding in such courts and (v) agrees not to plead or claim in any court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action, suit or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
Submission to Jurisdiction
Section 8(f)
(m) . EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (A) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH WAIVERS, (B) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (C) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY AND (D) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS .
Waiver of Jury Trial
SECTION 8(M)
(n) . The parties hereto hereby agree that irreparable damage to Parent would occur, damages would be difficult to determine and would be an insufficient remedy and no other adequate remedy would exist at law or in equity, in each case in the event that any provision of this Agreement were not fully performed by Stockholder in accordance with its specific terms or were otherwise breached. Stockholder hereby waives any defenses based on the adequacy of any other remedy, whether at law or in equity, that might be asserted as a bar to the remedy of specific performance of any of the terms or provisions hereof or injunctive relief in any action brought therefor by Parent. Accordingly, the parties hereto acknowledge and hereby agree that in the event of any breach or threatened breach by a Stockholder of any of its covenants or obligations set forth in this Agreement, Parent shall be entitled (in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, including monetary damages) to seek and obtain (i) a decree or order of specific performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation, and (ii) an injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach.
Specific Performance
 
(o) . The descriptive headings used herein are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The words "include," "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by "without limitation" whether or not they are in fact followed by such words or words of like import. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted for or against any party hereto because that party or its legal representatives drafted the provision. The words "hereof," "hereto," "hereby," "herein," "hereunder" and words of similar import, when used in this Agreement, shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not any particular section in which such words appear.
Interpretation
(p) . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Counterparts
(q) . Except as otherwise provided herein, each party hereto shall pay such party's own expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement.
Expenses
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent and Stockholder have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
 
The undersigned stockholder ("") of Sun Microsystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), hereby (i) irrevocably grants to, and appoints, Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and any person designated in writing by Parent, and each of them individually, Stockholder's proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of Stockholder, to vote all of the Covered Shares or grant a consent or approval in respect of the Covered Shares, in accordance with the terms of this Proxy and (ii) revokes any and all proxies heretofore given in respect of the Covered Shares.
Stockholder
Company
Parent
This Proxy is granted pursuant to that certain Voting Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2009, by and between Parent and Stockholder (the ""). For the purposes of this Proxy, "" has the meaning set forth in the Voting Agreement. The Covered Shares as of the date hereof are set forth on the signature page hereof.
Voting Agreement
Covered Shares
Stockholder hereby affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Proxy is given in connection with the execution of that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger (the ""), dated as of the date hereof, by and among Parent, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (""), and the Company, providing, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, and that such irrevocable proxy is given to secure the performance of the duties of Stockholder under the Voting Agreement. Stockholder hereby further affirms that the irrevocable proxy set forth in this Proxy is coupled with an interest and may under no circumstances be revoked. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, this Proxy is executed and intended to be irrevocable in accordance with the provisions of Section 212 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
Merger Agreement
Merger Sub
The attorneys-in-fact and proxies named above are hereby authorized and empowered by the undersigned at any time after the date hereof and prior to the termination of the Voting Agreement to act as the undersigned's attorney-in-fact and proxy to vote the Covered Shares, and to exercise all voting, consent and similar rights of the undersigned with respect to the Covered Shares (including, without limitation, the power to execute and deliver written consents), at every annual, special, adjourned or postponed meeting of the stockholders of the Company and in every written consent in lieu of such a meeting in the manner set forth in of the Voting Agreement. No Stockholder shall commit or agree to take any action inconsistent with the foregoing.
Section 2(a)
Any obligation of the undersigned hereunder shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the undersigned.
This Proxy will terminate and become null and void and of no further effect upon the termination of the Voting Agreement pursuant to thereof.
Section 6
Dated: April 19, 2009
 

Exhibit 99.1
Press Release
Contacts:
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) and Sun Microsystems (NASDAQ: JAVA) announced today they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Oracle will acquire Sun common stock for $9.50 per share in cash. The transaction is valued at approximately $7.4 billion, or $5.6 billion net of Sun's cash and debt. "We expect this acquisition to be accretive to Oracle's earnings by at least 15 cents on a non-GAAP basis in the first full year after closing. We estimate that the acquired business will contribute over $1.5 billion to Oracle's non-GAAP operating profit in the first year, increasing to over $2 billion in the second year. This would make the Sun acquisition more profitable in per share contribution in the first year than we had planned for the acquisitions of BEA, PeopleSoft and Siebel combined," said Oracle President Safra Catz.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., April 20, 2009
"The acquisition of Sun transforms the IT industry, combining best-in-class enterprise software and mission-critical computing systems," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "Oracle will be the only company that can engineer an integrated system  applications to disk  where all the pieces fit and work together so customers do not have to do it themselves. Our customers benefit as their systems integration costs go down while system performance, reliability and security go up."
 
There are substantial long-term strategic customer advantages to Oracle owning two key Sun software assets: Java and Solaris. Java is one of the computer industry's best-known brands and most widely deployed technologies, and it is the most important software Oracle has ever acquired. Oracle Fusion Middleware, Oracle's fastest growing business, is built on top of Sun's Java language and software. Oracle can now ensure continued innovation and investment in Java technology for the benefit of customers and the Java community.
The Sun Solaris operating system is the leading platform for the Oracle database, Oracle's largest business, and has been for a long time. With the acquisition of Sun, Oracle can optimize the Oracle database for some of the unique, high-end features of Solaris. Oracle is as committed as ever to Linux and other open platforms and will continue to support and enhance our strong industry partnerships.
"Oracle and Sun have been industry pioneers and close partners for more than 20 years," said Sun Chairman Scott McNealy. "This combination is a natural evolution of our relationship and will be an industry-defining event."
"This is a fantastic day for Sun's customers, developers, partners and employees across the globe, joining forces with the global leader in enterprise software to drive innovation and value across every aspect of the technology marketplace," said Jonathan Schwartz, Sun's CEO. "From the Java platform touching nearly every business system on earth, powering billions of consumers on mobile handsets and consumer electronics, to the convergence of storage, networking and computing driven by the Solaris operating system and Sun's SPARC and x64 systems. Together with Oracle, we'll drive the innovation pipeline to create compelling value to our customer base and the marketplace."
"Sun is a pioneer in enterprise computing, and this combination recognizes the innovation and customer success the company has achieved. Our largest customers have been asking us to step up to a broader role to reduce complexity, risk and cost by delivering a highly optimized stack based on standards," said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "This transaction will preserve and enhance investments made by our customers, while we continue to work with our partners to provide customers with choice."
 
The Board of Directors of Sun Microsystems has unanimously approved the transaction. It is anticipated to close this summer, subject to Sun stockholder approval, certain regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
There will be a conference call today to discuss the transaction at 5:30 a.m. Pacific time. Investors can listen to the conference call by dialing (719) 234-7870, passcode 923645. A replay will be available for 24 hours after the call ends at (719) 884-8882, passcode: 923645. A live audio webcast of the call will be made available at and a replay will be available for seven days after the call ends.
www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at .
http://www.oracle.com
About Sun Microsystems
Sun Microsystems, Inc. (NASDAQ: JAVA) develops the technologies that power the global marketplace. Guided by a singular vision  "The Network is the Computer"  Sun drives network participation through shared innovation, community development and open source leadership. Sun can be found in more than 100 countries and on the Web at .
http://www.sun.com
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Sun, Sun Microsystems, the Sun logo, Java, Solaris and the Network is the Computer are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.
 
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun, anticipated product information, estimates of future results of operations and general business outlook. When used in this press release, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "may", "can", "will", "believes", "expects", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Sun's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this release.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed merger, Sun will file a proxy statement with the SEC. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and Sun. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
 
Oracle, Sun and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading the proxy statement and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of Sun's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Sun's stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and will be set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger when it becomes available.
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 2009 Thomson Financial. Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of Thomson Financial.
F T
INAL
RANSCRIPT
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS
Roy Lobo
Oracle - Head of IR
Safra Catz
Oracle - President
Larry Ellison
Oracle - CEO
Scott McNealy
Sun Microsystems - Chairman
Jonathan Schwartz
Sun Microsystems - President & CEO
Charles Phillips
Oracle - President
PRESENTATION
 
 
Operator
Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Oracle Corporation conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to the moderator, Mr. Roy Lobo, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
 
 
Roy Lobo -
Oracle - Head of IR
Thank you, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to today's conference call regarding Oracle's acquisition of Sun. With me on the call are Oracle's Chief Executive Officer Larry Ellison, Oracle's President Safra Catz, Oracle's President Charles Phillips, Sun's Chairman Scott McNealy, and Sun's Chief Executive Officer and President Jonathan Schwartz.
Before I turn the call over to our speakers for a few prepared remarks let me begin by reminding everyone that today's discussion may include predictions, estimates, or other information about Oracle or Sun that might be considered forward-looking including statements that involve risk and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun, anticipated product information, estimates of future results of operations, anticipated customer and partner advantages and benefits, and general business outlook.
While these forward-looking statements represent our current judgment on what the future holds, any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed, or implied in this presentation due to a number of risks and uncertainties. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation.
Please keep in mind that neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update, revise, or publicly release the results of any revision of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. You should also review the documents that Oracle and Sun respectively filed with the SEC on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Sun's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this presentation.
In connection with the proposed merger Sun will file a proxy statement with the SEC. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's website at www.SEC.gov.
 
 2009 Thomson Financial. Republished with permission. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of Thomson Financial.
Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decisions with respect to the proposed merger, because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to be merged.
With that I will turn the call over to Safra.
 
 
Safra Catz -
Oracle - President
Thanks, Roy. Good morning, everyone. I am going to briefly go over the financial and operational details of the transaction.
This morning we announced the purchase of Sun Microsystems for $9.50 per share or approximately $7.4 billion. The purchase price net of cash and debt is $5.6 billion, larger than Hyperion and smaller than either BEA or PeopleSoft. We anticipate using a mix of cash and debt financing to pay for the transaction.
In terms of financial return, we believe that we will be able to run Sun at substantially higher margins and we estimate that this will add at least $1.5 billion in additional annual non-GAAP operating income and growing from there. We believe the acquisition will be at least $0.15 accretive in the first full year on a non-GAAP basis, making this deal more profitable in per-share contribution in the first year than we had planned for the acquisitions of PeopleSoft, Siebel, and BEA combined.
As you know, we have a track record of integrating acquisitions very rapidly and this time will be no different. By utilizing Oracle's scale we can deliver substantial operating efficiencies far in excess of what Sun has done to date. We will combine the software assets quickly after closing as we have done with all our previous acquisitions.
On the systems side we intend to focus on our joint enterprise customers where we believe we bring competitive advantage, relationships, and a track record of helping these customers reduce cost and complexity. Sun is a modern technology company that outsources nearly the entire manufacturing, assembly, and servicing process for the systems it sells. We intend to ensure that it is a profitable operating unit within Oracle.
We will give you additional financial metrics after the deal closes. With that I will turn it over to Larry.
 
 
Larry Ellison -
Oracle - CEO
Thanks, Safra. One of the key reasons that Oracle's acquisition strategy has been so successful is because we buy companies with market leading products. PeopleSoft was number one in human resources, Siebel was number one in customer relationship management, BEA's WebLogic was the number one Java virtual machine, Hyperion was number one in enterprise performance management, and so on.
Sun Microsystems has a variety of exciting products but two of their software products, Sun's Solaris operating system and Sun's Java programming language, were instrumental in Oracle's decision to acquire Sun.
Sun's Java programming language is one of the computer industry's best-known brands and most widely deployed technologies. Java runs on hundreds of millions of personal computers, cell phones, even DVD players. Oracle's Fusion Middleware, our fastest growing business, is based entirely upon Sun's Java language and software. As a result of this acquisition, Oracle can increase the investment in Java technology that is so critical to our continued success in middleware and our next generation of Fusion applications. We believe that Oracle's Middleware business is on track to be as large as our multimillion dollar database business. Java is the foundation of Oracle's Fusion Middleware and the single-most important software asset we have ever acquired.
Sun's largest business is its SPARC Solaris computer system business and the heart of that business is the Solaris operating system. In our opinion, the Solaris operating system is by far the best UNIX technology available in the market. That explains why more Oracle databases run on the Sun SPARC Solaris platform than any other computer system. In case you are interested, Linux is the number two Oracle platform and remains extremely important to us. With the acquisition of Sun we will be able to tightly integrate the Oracle database to some of the unique high-end features of Solaris. Engineering the Oracle database and the Solaris operating system to work together enables us for the first time to deliver complete and integrated computer systems, database to disk, optimized for higher performance, improved reliability, enhanced security, easier management, and a lower total cost of ownership. The combination of Oracle and Solaris has been successful in the marketplace for a very long time; completely integrated computer systems, hardware and software, running both Oracle and Solaris should be even more popular and very profitable.
Oracle and Sun both have long track records of engineering innovation and building products around open standards. As a result, Oracle and Sun products families fit extremely well together.
Finally, we believe the best way to grow Oracle's overall business is for us to deliver a broader range of products and services to our existing set of commercial and government customers. With the acquisition of Sun, Oracle is now able to make all of the pieces of the technology stack fit together and work well  storage, computers, operating systems, database, middleware, and applications. By delivering complete and integrated hardware and software systems our customers' system integration costs go down while overall system performance, reliability, and security goes up. Our ability to tune and optimize Sun systems for Oracle will deliver substantial benefits at no additional cost to our large base of over 300,000 government and business customers. As our customers benefit Oracle's business will grow and become more profitable.
With that I turn it over to Scott McNealy.
 
 
Scott McNealy -
Sun Microsystems - Chairman
Thanks, Larry. Sun and Oracle have been pioneers and partners for way longer than I like to think about  over 20 years  and today we are coming together for the next phase of computing. For the last two decades our shared customers have relied on us to solve their business challenges with new innovations. Today marks the next big step in that effort.
Since Day One Sun has believed in openness and innovation and in combining with Oracle it extends the ability for customers to receive breakthrough systems innovations. We both believe in the value of R&D. We both believe in the value of openness, standards, and communities. And we both believe in delivering the complete solution to help customers more efficiently address their business challenges.
As key innovators in open network computing, together we can now address all points in our customers' business plans from business applications layer all the way through to all four corners of the datacenter. Delivering a completely integrated solution to customers eliminates those costs and complexity issues from managing infrastructure systems and allows them to focus on what they do best  run their business.
It's a truly momentous day for the industry, one in which two technology titans are joining forces to provide the market's only complete, integrated and open system in which customers can celebrate a new era of innovation and integration in technology that drives their business forward. We are thrilled to be acquired by Oracle and have our technologies, innovations, and communities as part of the Oracle vision. Now, Jonathan.
 
 
Jonathan Schwartz -
Sun Microsystems - President & CEO
Thanks, Scott. In every respect this truly is a momentous day for Sun, for Oracle, and for the industry in which we combine the assets and innovations Larry and Scott described to create a new leader across the entirety of the datacenter marketplace.
With today's transaction Oracle is positioned to solve a broader array of business problems than any other technology company on earth, from the applications in middleware that automate the world's businesses, to the databases and data center platforms that power them projecting out to, literally, billions of devices used by consumers across the world. That array of technologies and solutions will be unmatched by any other company.
Second, this combination will position Oracle to drive an industry phase change  collapsing traditionally disparate markets segments  servers, storage, and networking  into a cohesive whole leveraging Sun's pioneering systems innovations, anchored, as Larry mentioned, by the open-source Solaris operating system. No other company will be capable of understanding, architecting, and providing solutions that span applications and middleware to the highest scale and highest value data centers on earth.
The transaction also positions Oracle as the world's largest supplier of open-source software with technology brands known by students, startups, and developers across the world from Java and OpenSolaris to MySQL and OpenOffice. There is no question in my mind this transaction redefines the industry, redrawing the boundaries that have frustrated the industry's ability to solve the problems customers desperately seek to solve  eliminating the cost, complexity and inefficiency that results from an industry focused on components rather than systems. The combined Oracle and Sun will be exactly that, a systems and software powerhouse.
And now over to you, Charles.
 
Charles Phillips
- Oracle - President
Thanks, Jonathan. Last week we held our CIO Advisory Board, which is a group of our largest customers. We get together with them two or three times a year. They applauded our move into database machines and storage via our recent Exadata announcements but now they are asking us to step into a broader role by delivering a highly-optimized stack from app to disk based on standards. The general feedback was that they wanted more than standard components. They now want standardized deployments and configurations and fully and consistently instrumented software and hardware to manage their systems, diagnose issues, and audit the usage. They want to reduce the complexity and now they trust Oracle to do that.
A large percentage of our support requests stem from the interdependencies between our products and their hardware infrastructure  the operating system, virtual machine, servers, and storage. Constant changes in all these layers lead to unplanned downtime, higher risks, degraded performance, and higher costs. With this acquisition we can engineer a true system with consistencies across all of these products.
Beyond that the potential for innovation across all of these products is truly exciting. Our joint engineer organizations are already coming up with ideas. Just a few sample ideas that we could pursue, we could add value by delivering ready-to-deploy servers for target industries  retail, comms, banking, etc.  with the complete industry in a box. We can also enable ISVs to deploy their applications on an Oracle / Solaris appliance.
Also in storage, Sun's Open Storage platform is very simple to Oracle's Exadata database storage platform. Both products use standard servers, commodity disks, infiniband interconnects to lower the cost of storage while improving performance. This is the disruptive technology growing quickly for both companies and storage will be an expanding market for years to come. We can now deliver a complete system for creating, managing, storing, archiving, and restoring data.
Lastly, there are exciting opportunities around Java. Oracle already has a successful embedded software business with the number one embedded database in the world. Java is embedded in over one billion devices. We will also now have the largest software development community in the industry and, as Larry mentioned, Java is also the platform for future applications. With that I will turn the call back to Roy.
 
 
Roy Lobo
- Oracle - Head of IR
Great. Thank you, Charles. I want to thank everyone for participating in this morning's call. A telephone replay will be available for 24 hours. The replay number is 719-884-8882 with a pass code 923645. You can also access the webcast replay on the Oracle's Investor Relations website at Oracle.com/investor. The webcast replay will be available through the close of market on April 27.
Thank you again and with that I will turn the call back to the operator for closing. Operator?
 
 
Operator
Thank you very much and that does conclude our conference call. Thank you for joining us today.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This conference call transcript contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun, anticipated product information, estimates of future results of operations, anticipated customer and partner advantages and benefits and general business outlook. When used in this transcript, the words "anticipates", "estimates", "may", "can", "will", "believes", "expects", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this transcript due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Sun's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this transcript. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this transcript.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed merger, Sun will file a proxy statement with the SEC. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and Sun. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, Sun and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of Sun's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Sun's stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and will be set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger when it becomes available.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090507161312.txt.gz
TIME:20090507161312
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 7, 2009, Oracle issued a transcript of an interview with Larry Ellison, Oracle's Chief Executive Officer, regarding Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc. A copy of the transacript is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: May 7, 2009
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
An Interview with Larry Ellison on the Acquisition of Sun Microsystems: Part I
May 7, 2009
Q: Why does Oracle, a company that prides itself on high-margins, want to get into the low-margin hardware business? Are you going to exit the hardware business?
A: No, we are definitely not going to exit the hardware business. While most hardware businesses are low-margin, companies like Apple and Cisco enjoy very high-margins because they do a good job of designing their hardware and software to work together. If a company designs both hardware and software, it can build much better systems than if they only design the software. That's why Apple's iPhone is so much better than Microsoft phones.
Q: OK, Apple and Cisco have proven that they can do it, but what experience does Oracle have designing hardware and software to work together?
A: Oracle started designing hardware and software to work together a few years ago when we began our Exadata database machine development project. Some of our competitors, Teradata and Netezza for example, were delivering preconfigured hardware/software systems, while we were just delivering software. The combination of hardware and software has significant performance advantages for data warehousing applications. We had to respond with our own hardware/software combination, the Exadata database machine. Oracle's Exadata database machine runs data warehousing applications much fasterat least ten-times faster than Oracle software running on conventional hardware. All the hardware and software pieces, database to disk, are included. You just plug it in and gono systems integration required.
Q: Alright, Oracle's done integrated hardware and software design with the Exadata database machine. But Exadata uses standard Intel chips. Are you going to discontinue the SPARC chip?
A: No. Once we own Sun we're going to increase the investment in SPARC. We think designing our own chips is very, very important. Even Apple is designing its own chips these days. Right now, SPARC chips do some things better than Intel chips and vice-versa. For example, SPARC is much more energy efficient than Intel while delivering the same performance on a per socket basis. This is not just a green issue, it's an economic issue. Today, database centers are paying as much for electricity to run their computers as they pay to buy their computers. SPARC machines are much less expensive to run than Intel machines.
 
Q: So is that your plan, to use SPARC to compete by lowering a data center's electricity bills?
A: No, our primary reason for designing our own chips is to build computers with the very best performance, reliability and security available in the market. Some system features work much better if they are implemented in silicon rather than software. Once we own Sun, we'll be able to plan and synchronize new features from silicon to software, just like IBM and the other big system suppliers. We want to work with Fujitsu to design advanced features into the SPARC microprocessor aimed at improving Oracle database performance. In my opinion, this will enable SPARC Solaris open-system mainframes and servers to challenge IBM's dominance in the data center. Sun was very successful for a very long time selling computer systems based on the SPARC chip and the Solaris operating system. Now, with the added power of integrated Oracle software, we think they can be again.
Q: Your management team has no experience with delivering hardware. There is a lot of risk in going into an unfamiliar business.
A: Obviously, we want to hold on to Sun's experienced team of first-rate hardware engineers. For years, Sun has led the industry in building and delivering innovative systems. For example, Sun was the first company to deliver systems built on a multi-core processor  what Sun called the Niagara chip  and the industry followed. Oracle has a good track record of retaining the engineering talent from acquired companies; Sun will be no different. In addition, over the last couple of years Oracle gained a lot of experience developing and delivering our first integrated hardware and software system, the Exadata database machine. We have lots of hardware experience inside of Oracle. Hundreds of Oracle's engineers came from systems companies like IBM and HP. Even I started my Silicon Valley career working for a hardware company that worked with Fujitsu to design and build the first IBM compatible mainframe.
Q: OK, so you have engineers who are experienced at designing hardware as well as software, but Oracle outsourced the manufacturing of the Exadata machine to HP. You have no experience in manufacturing.
A: Just because we're buying Sun does not mean Oracle is becoming a manufacturer. Sun outsources almost all of its manufacturing to companies like Flextronics and Fujitsu. With one tiny exception, Sun does no manufacturing; neither will we.
Q: There has been a lot of speculation in the press that Oracle is going to sell some or all of Sun's hardware businesses. From your previous answers it certainly seems like you are keeping SPARC Solaris systems business. Are you keeping the disk storage and tape backup businesses?
A: Yes, definitely. We believe the best user experience is when all the pieces in the system are engineered to work together. Disk storage and tape backup are critical components in high-performance, high-reliability, high-security database systems. So, we plan to design and deliver those pieces too. Clearly many Sun customers choose disk and tape systems from other vendors. That's what open systems are all about: providing customers with a choice. But Oracle expects to continue competing in both the disk and tape storage businesses after we buy Sun.
 
Q: Is Exadata moving to Sun SPARC Solaris?
A: Exadata is built by HP using Intel microprocessors. We have no plans for a SPARC Solaris version of Exadata. We have an excellent relationship with HP that we expect to continue. The Exadata database machine delivers record setting database performance at a lower cost than conventional hardware. Customers love the machine. It is the most successful product introduction in Oracle's 30 year history. The Sun acquisition doesn't reduce our commitment to Exadata at all.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning: Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun; plans for Sun's hardware businesses (including the SPARC chip) upon completion of the proposed acquisition; estimates of future results of operations; anticipated customer, partner and product plans, advantages and benefits; retention of Sun's engineers; and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "plans", "estimates", "may", "can", "want", "will", "believes", "expects" or "expected", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Sun's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned to not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
 
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed merger, Sun will file a proxy statement with the SEC. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and Sun. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, Sun and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of Sun's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Sun's stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and will be set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger when it becomes available.
This document is intended for information purposes only and may not be incorporated into any contract. It is not a commitment to deliver any material, code, or functionality, and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decisions. The development, release, and timing of any features or functionality described for Oracle's products remains at the sole discretion of Oracle.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090508140610.txt.gz
TIME:20090508140610
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 8, 2009, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") confirmed that, prior to its signing of the definitive agreement to acquire Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun"), Oracle had received disclosures from Sun regarding the potential violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which were disclosed in Sun's Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending March 29, 2009, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2009.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: May 8, 2009
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090603063239.txt.gz
TIME:20090603063239
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 2, 2009, Larry Ellison, Oracle Corporation's Chief Executive Officer, along with Scott McNealy, Co-founder and Chairman of the Board of Sun Microsystems, Inc., spoke at the 2009 JavaOne Conference. A transcript of their remarks is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: June 2, 2009
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
[Start of recorded material]
 
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 2
 
nervous. But we can actually have JavaOne Japan locally now. [Laughter and applause]
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 3
 
community up onstage, assuming it happens. I don't want to predict anything, because you all saw the disclaimers upfront. I did my deal there. Come on up, Larry Ellison, please. [Music and applause]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 4
 
platform for us because it was open, and it allowed us, uh, to extend the platform.
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 5
 
community, because this will be, uh, a market for the  for you to sell into.
 
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 6
 
10 or top 20 R&D budgets in the world. To put that kind of energy behind, uh, this community, I-I think that, uh, is a very, very positive future for Oracle  or for-for Java.
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 7
 
spreadsheet, and a word processor, and those things using JavaFX. So, uh, we're very committed to see JavaFX exploited throughout Oracle and throughout Sun. [Applause]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 8
 
Java that are Android devices, which is very exciting. You know, we're flat  uh, I guess everyone should be flattered when, uh  when this  I think there's an Android phone being shaken.
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 9
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 10
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Yeah!
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 11
 
 
 
 
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 12
 
Uh, and there are prizes given  being given away like Bug Lab dev kits, uh, a netbook. Um, again, look for the email on Dark Chat.
 
[End of recorded material]
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning: Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun; plans for Java, Java-based apps and other products, Java devices and the JavaOne Conference upon completion of the proposed acquisition; R&D budgets; anticipated customer, partner and product advantages and benefits; and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "going to", "plans", "estimates", "may", "can", "want", "will", "believes", "expects" or "expect", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 13
 
combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Sun's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed merger, Sun filed a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC on May 12, 2009. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and Sun. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, Sun and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger.
Scott McNealy-Larry Ellison JavaOne
Page 14
 
Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of Sun's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Sun's stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and is set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger.
This document is intended for information purposes only and may not be incorporated into any contract. It is not a commitment to deliver any material, code, or functionality, and should not be relied upon in making purchasing decisions. The development, release, and timing of any features or functionality described for Oracle's products remains at the sole discretion of Oracle.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090623162752.txt.gz
TIME:20090623162752
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Section 8Other Events
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Table of Contents

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
     REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 23, 2009  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that fiscal 2009 Q4 GAAP earnings per share were $0.38, down 4% compared to last year. Oracle's Q4 results were impacted by the reduced value of foreign currencies when compared to US dollars. Without this impact, Oracle's Q4 GAAP earnings per share would have been up 9% to $0.42. Fourth quarter GAAP total revenues were down 5% to $6.9 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was down 7% to $1.9 billion. GAAP new software license revenues were down 13% to $2.7 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 8% to $3.1 billion. GAAP operating income was down 3% to $2.9 billion, and GAAP operating margin was up 100 basis points to 42%. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $8.3 billion, up 12%.
     Fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were down 1% to $0.46. Without the $0.05 per share impact of the reduced value of foreign currencies when compared to US dollars, Oracle's Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share would have been up 9% to $0.51. Non-GAAP total revenues were down 5% to $6.9 billion, while non-GAAP net income was down 5% to $2.3 billion, compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP operating income was down 1% to $3.5 billion and non-GAAP operating margin was up 240 basis points to 51%.
     For fiscal year 2009, GAAP earnings per share were up 3% to $1.09. Oracle's fiscal year 2009 results were impacted by the reduced value of foreign currencies when compared to US dollars, reducing fiscal year 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.11 per share. Without this impact, our fiscal year 2009 GAAP earnings per share would have been up 13% to $1.20. Fiscal year 2009 GAAP revenues were up 4% to $23.3 billion, while annual GAAP net income was up 1% to $5.6 billion. Total GAAP new software license revenues for the year were down 5% to $7.1 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 14% to $11.8 billion. GAAP operating income was up 6% to $8.3 billion, and GAAP operating margins were up 80 basis points to 36% in fiscal year 2009.
 
     Fiscal year 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share were up 11% year over year to $1.44. Without the $0.11 per share impact of the reduced value of foreign currencies when compared to US dollars, Oracle's fiscal year 2009 non-GAAP earnings per share would have been up 19% to $1.55. Annual non-GAAP revenues were up 4% to $23.5 billion, while annual non-GAAP net income was up 9% to $7.4 billion compared to fiscal year 2008. Total non-GAAP new software license revenues for the year were down 5% to $7.1 billion. Non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 14% to $12.0 billion. Non-GAAP operating income was up 12% to $10.9 billion, and non-GAAP operating margins were up 350 basis points to 46%.
     In addition, Oracle's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to shareholders of record as of the close of business on July 15, 2009, with a payment date of August 13, 2009. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
     "Adjusted for the substantial movement in the US dollar exchange rate this fiscal year, which is beyond our control, we grew non-GAAP earnings per share by 19 percent for the year," said Oracle President Safra Catz. "That's an amazing achievement given what's been happening in the global economy over the past twelve months."
     "We executed substantially better than we expected on both the top and bottom line for the quarter," said Oracle CFO Jeff Epstein. "We grew Q4 non-GAAP operating margins by a faster than expected 240 basis points to over 51 percent. That helped us generate $7.7 billion in free cash flow for fiscal 2009."
     "We grew faster and took market share from SAP in every region around the world," said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "In Europe our applications business grew 5 percent in constant currency versus negative 27 percent growth for SAP in their most recent quarter.
 
Historically Europe has been an SAP stronghold, but these results prove that we can compete and beat them everywhere."
     "The Exadata Database Machine is well on its way to being the most successful new product launch in Oracle's 30 year history," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "Several of Teradata's largest customers are performance testing  then buying  Oracle Exadata Database Machines. In a recent competitive benchmark, a Teradata machine took over six hours to process a query that our Exadata Database Machine ran in less than 30 minutes. They bought Exadata."
Q4 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
     Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). You may listen to the call by dialing (866) 237-3252 or (719) 457-1018, Passcode: 617178. To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . Please hold down your control key while pressing refresh to ensure that the web link is visible.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
Supplemental Financial Tables
Supplemental financial materials regarding these results are available on our Investor Relations website at: . To receive these supplemental financial tables and other Investor Relations alerts directly, please subscribe to Oracle's RSS feeds via the RSS link on our website.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our web site at oracle.com or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
 
     Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent global economic and financial crisis, could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, through reductions in customer IT budgets and expenditures and through the general tightening of access to credit. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or services or new versions of existing or acquired products or services. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Periodic changes to our pricing model and sales organization could temporarily disrupt operations and cause a decline or delay in sales. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this release is current as of June 23, 2009. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
http://www.oracle.com/investor
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090629061805.txt.gz
TIME:20090629061805
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oracle Corporation is hereby furnishing the following information:
On June 26, 2009, Oracle Corporation issued the following statement, attributable to Dan Wall of Latham & Watkins, counsel to Oracle:
"We've had a very good dialogue with the Department of Justice and we were almost able to resolve everything before the Second Request deadline. All that's left is one narrow issue about the way rights to Java are licensed that is never going to get in the way of the deal. I fully expect that the investigation will end soon and not delay the closing of the deal this summer."
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun Microsystems, Inc., including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun and the timing of the closing of this transaction. When used in this document, the words "going to", "can", "want", "will", "expect", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause actual events to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date set forth above. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed merger, Sun has filed a proxy statement with the SEC on June 8, 2009. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and
 
Sun. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, Sun and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of Sun's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Sun's stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and is set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: June 29, 2009
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090708130656.txt.gz
TIME:20090708130656
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuance of $4.50 Billion of Notes
On July 8, 2009, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") consummated the issuance and sale of $1,500,000,000 principal amount of its 3.750% Notes due 2014, $1,750,000,000 principal amount of its 5.000% Notes due 2019 and $1,250,000,000 principal amount of its 6.125% Notes due 2039 (collectively, the "Notes"), pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated June 30, 2009 among Oracle and Banc of America Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "Indenture") among Oracle (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (the "First Supplemental Indenture") among Oracle, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, and an officers' certificate issued pursuant thereto.
The Notes were offered pursuant to Oracle's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on May 10, 2007 (Reg. No. 333-142796), including the prospectus contained therein (the "Registration Statement"), and a related preliminary prospectus supplement dated June 30, 2009 and a prospectus supplement dated June 30, 2009.
The material terms and conditions of the Notes are set forth in the Form of Officers' Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.08 and incorporated by reference herein and in the Indenture filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Systems Corporation on January 20, 2006, and the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 4.08
Reference is made to the Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among Oracle Corporation (the "," formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. On June 29, 2007, Citibank, N.A. resigned as the original trustee under the indenture and the Issuer appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee. Thereafter, the Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. became The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the ""). The Trustee is the trustee for any and all securities issued under the Indenture. Pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Indenture the undersigned officers do hereby certify, in connection with the issuance of (i) $1,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 3.750% Notes due 2014 (""), (ii) $1,750,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 5.000% Notes due 2019 ("") and (iii) $1,250,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.125% Notes due 2039 ("," and, together with the 2014 Notes and the 2019 Notes, the ""), that the terms of the Notes are as follows:
Base Indenture
Issuer
Indenture
Trustee
2014 Notes
2019 Notes
2039 Notes
Notes
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture.
2014 Notes
 
 
 
Subject to the representations, warranties and covenants described in the Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Issuer shall be entitled, subject to authorization by the Board of Directors of the Issuer and an Officers' Certificate, to issue additional notes from time to time under each series of notes issued hereby. Any such additional notes of a series shall have identical terms as the 2014 Notes, the 2019 Notes or the 2039 Notes, as the case may be,
 
issued on the issue date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and the issue price (together the ""). Any Additional Notes will be issued in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Indenture.
Additional Notes
Each such officer has read and understands the provisions of the Indenture and the definitions relating thereto. The statements made in this Officers' Certificate are based upon the examination of the provisions of the Indenture and upon the relevant books and records of the Issuer. In such officers' opinion, they have made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such officers to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions of such Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. In such officers' opinion, such covenants and conditions have been complied with.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned officers of the Issuer have duly executed this certificate as of July 8, 2009.
 
 
EXHIBIT A
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
 
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of          DOLLARS on July 8, 2014.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: July 8 and January 8 (each, an ""), commencing on January 8, 2010.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: June 23 and December 24 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: July 8, 2009
 
 
1. Interest
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from July 8, 2009. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing January 8, 2010. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 3.750% Notes due 2014 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated July 8, 2009, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
6. Redemption.
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 20 basis points,
plus in each case accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
 
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Banc of America Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and a Primary Treasury Dealer (defined below) selected by Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
7. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become
 
due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
8. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
9. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
10. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
11. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                              agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
 
EXHIBIT B
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
 
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of          DOLLARS on July 8, 2019.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: July 8 and January 8 (each, an ""), commencing on January 8, 2010.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: June 23 and December 24 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: July 8, 2009
 
 
1. Interest.
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from July 8, 2009. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing January 8, 2010. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 5.000% Notes due 2019 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated July 8, 2009, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
6. Redemption.
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 25 basis points,
plus in each case accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
 
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Banc of America Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and a Primary Treasury Dealer (defined below) selected by Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
7. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in
 
the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
8. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
9. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
10. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
11. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                              agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
 
EXHIBIT C
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
 
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of          DOLLARS on July 8, 2039.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: July 8 and January 8 (each, an ""), commencing on January 8, 2010.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: June 23 and December 24 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: July 8, 2009
 
 
1. Interest.
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid from July 8, 2009. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing January 8, 2010. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 6.125% Notes due 2039 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated July 8, 2009, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
6. Redemption.
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 30 basis points,
plus in each case accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
 
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Banc of America Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and a Primary Treasury Dealer (defined below) selected by Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
7. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in
 
the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
8. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
9. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
10. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
11. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                              agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
 

Exhibit 5.01
 
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, CA 94065
Dear Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as special counsel for Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), in connection with the Company's offering of $1,500,000,000 principal amount of its 3.750% Notes due 2014, $1,750,000,000 principal amount of its 5.000% Notes due 2019 and $1,250,000,000 principal amount of its 6.125% Notes due 2039 (collectively, the "") in an underwritten public offering pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated June 30, 2009 (the "") between the Company and Banc of America Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC (the ""), as representatives of the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 thereto (the ""). The Notes are to be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Company (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Company, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., and an Officers' Certificate to be issued pursuant thereto on or about July 8, 2009. On June 29, 2007, Citibank, N.A. resigned as the original trustee under the Indenture and the Company appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee (the ""). We have been informed that The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., has become The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A.
Company
Notes
Underwriting Agreement
Representatives
Underwriters
Base Indenture
Indenture
Trustee
We, as your counsel, have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary for the purposes of rendering this opinion.
On the basis of the foregoing, we advise you that, in our opinion, the Notes have been duly authorized in accordance with the Indenture, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and equitable principles of general applicability.
We are members of the Bars of the States of New York and California and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (including the statutory provisions, all applicable provisions of the Delaware Constitution and reported judicial decisions interpreting the foregoing).
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by or furnished to any other person without our prior written consent.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090714082132.txt.gz
TIME:20090714082132
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 14, 2009, Oracle Corporation issued the following statement which is being furnished for purposes of this report (and therefore shall not be treated as "filed" or incorporated by reference into any filing):
Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") confirmed today that, after reviewing preliminary results reported by Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun") for Sun's quarter ending June 30, 2009, Oracle expects the Sun acquisition to be accretive to Oracle's earnings by at least 15 cents on a non-GAAP basis in the first full year after closing and estimates that the acquired business will contribute over $1.5 billion to Oracle's non-GAAP operating profit in that year, increasing to over $2 billion in the second year.
Oracle's acquisition of Sun remains subject to stockholder and regulatory approvals and other closing conditions.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning: Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun, estimates of future results of operations and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "plans", "estimates", "may", "can", "want", "will", "believes", "expects" or "expect", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's and Sun's respective financial and operational results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Additional Information about the Merger and Where to Find It
In connection with the proposed merger, Sun has filed a proxy statement with the SEC on June 8, 2009. Additionally, Sun and Oracle will file other relevant materials in connection with the proposed acquisition of Sun by Oracle pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among Oracle, Soda Acquisition Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle, and Sun. The materials to be filed by Sun with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Investors and security holders of Sun are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any voting or investment decision with respect to the proposed merger because they will contain important information about the merger and the parties to the merger.
Oracle, Sun and their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies of Sun stockholders in connection with the proposed merger. Investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of certain of Oracle's executive officers and directors in the solicitation by reading Oracle's most recent Form 10-K and other relevant materials filed with the SEC when they become available. Information concerning the interests of Sun's participants in the solicitation, which may, in some cases, be different than those of Sun's stockholders generally, is set forth in the materials filed with the SEC on Form 10-K and is set forth in the proxy statement relating to the merger.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: July 14, 2009
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090820181214.txt.gz
TIME:20090820181214
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On August 20, 2009, Oracle Corporation issued the following press release which is being furnished for purposes of this report (and therefore shall not be treated as "filed" or incorporated by reference into any filing):
U.S. Department of Justice Approves Oracle Acquisition of Sun
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., August 20, 2009  Oracle Corporation announced today that the U.S. Department of Justice has approved Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun Microsystems and terminated the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act.
Sun's stockholders approved the transaction on July 16, 2009. Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions, including clearance by the European Commission.
 Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's largest business software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at http://www.oracle.com.
About Oracle
 Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Trademark
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning when the transaction might close. When used in this press release, the words "believes" and "will" and other similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K for additional risks. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this press release.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: August 20, 2009
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090903140733.txt.gz
TIME:20090903140733
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01 Other Events
On September 3, 2009, Oracle Corporation issued a press release commenting on the European Commission's extension of its review of Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., September 3, 2009  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ:ORCL) announced today that the European Commission has decided to seek more information regarding Oracle's acquisition of Sun Microsystems by conducting a Phase Two inquiry. The U.S. Department of Justice approved Oracle's proposed acquisition of Sun Microsystems without conditions and terminated the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act on August 20, 2009. Sun's stockholders approved the transaction on July 16, 2009. Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions, including clearance by the European Commission.
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ:ORCL - News) is the world's largest business software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at .
http://www.oracle.com
Trademark
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning when the transaction might close. When used in this press release, any statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K for additional risks. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this press release.
Oracle Contact:
Karen Tillman
Oracle
1-650-607-0326
Karen.tillman@oracle.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20090916162256.txt.gz
TIME:20090916162256
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02  Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On September 16, 2009, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended August 31, 2009. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01  Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock payable on November 4, 2009, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 14, 2009.
Oracle's press release dated September 16, 2009, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d)   Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., September 16, 2009  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2010 Q1 GAAP earnings per share were $0.22 up 8% compared to last year. First quarter GAAP total revenues were down 5% to $5.1 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 4% to $1.1 billion. GAAP new software license revenues were down 17% to $1.0 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 6% to $3.1 billion. GAAP operating income was up 14% to $1.7 billion and GAAP operating margin was up 590 basis points to 34%. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $8.8 billion, up 10%.
First quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 3% to $0.30. Non-GAAP total revenues were down 7% to $5.1 billion, while non-GAAP net income was flat at $1.5 billion, compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP operating income was up 7% to $2.3 billion and non-GAAP operating margin was up 570 basis points to 46%.
Oracle's results were impacted by the reduced value of foreign currencies when compared to US dollars, reducing Q1 GAAP earnings by $0.02 per share. Without this impact, Oracle's Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.24 and $0.32, respectively. GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues would have been down 14%, and our software license updates and product support revenues would have been up 11% on a GAAP basis and up 8% on a non-GAAP basis. GAAP and non-GAAP operating income would have been up 21% and 11%, respectively.
In addition, Oracle's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 14, 2009, with a payment date of November 4, 2009. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
"Yesterday, Sun and Oracle announced Exadata Version 2, which is twice as fast as Exadata Version 1 for data warehousing, and the first and only database machine that runs online transaction processing  OLTP  applications," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "This new combination of Sun hardware and Oracle software is now the world's fastest computer system for both OLTP and data warehousing."
"By substantially improving operating margins we were able to increase Q1 earnings per share even though revenues decreased slightly," said Safra Catz, Oracle's President. "We grew non-GAAP operating margins by 570 basis points to 46 percent in our seasonally smallest quarter. Our operating model continues to drive earnings for our stockholders."
"Software license updates and product support revenues grew 11%, to $3.1 billion, for the quarter when adjusted for the change in the US dollar since last year," said Oracle Executive Vice President and CFO, Jeff Epstein. "This growth, coupled with our disciplined expense management, was key to our ability to generate a record $8.5 billion in free cash flow over the last twelve months."
"We grew faster than SAP in every region around the world, including Europe, where our applications business grew 3 percent in constant currency versus negative 39 percent for SAP's most recent quarter," said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "Our applications team also executed especially well in North America, where our applications business grew 8 percent in constant currency versus negative 50 percent for SAP."
Q1 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. (PDT) / 5:00 p.m. (EDT). You may listen to the call by dialing (866) 423-8620 or (719) 387-4093, Passcode: 745867. To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our web site at oracle.com or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent global economic and financial crisis, could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, through reductions in customer IT budgets and expenditures and through the general tightening of access to credit. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or services or new versions of existing or acquired products or services. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this release is current as of September 16, 2009. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20091008135117.txt.gz
TIME:20091008135117
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
At Oracle Corporation's 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on October 7, 2009, our stockholders approved Oracle's Fiscal Year 2010 Executive Bonus Plan (the "Bonus Plan"). The Bonus Plan provides for the payment of annual cash bonuses to eligible senior officers based upon the attainment of certain performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee such as improvement in Oracle's pre-tax profit on a non-GAAP basis and revenue related goals linked to a particular area of responsibility. The maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2010 would be $8,329,022, although the actual bonus amount will be based on achievement of the performance goals. The maximum bonus payment that any other participant may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2010 would be less than the maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan. The maximum bonus payment that participants may receive under the Bonus Plan is either the target bonus for such participant plus a predetermined fixed dollar amount or is based on a fixed multiple of the target bonus for such participant.
A description of the Bonus Plan is filed as Exhibit 10.25 to this report and is incorporated by reference in its entirety into this Item 5.02.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.25
Description of the Fiscal Year 2010 Executive Bonus Plan
 Participants in the Fiscal Year 2010 Executive Bonus Plan (the "Bonus Plan") are chosen solely at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. Our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, our Presidents, all of our Executive Vice Presidents and one of our Senior Vice Presidents are eligible to be considered for participation in the Bonus Plan. As of October 7, 2009, there were 12 persons chosen to participate for fiscal 2010. No person is automatically entitled to participate in the Bonus Plan in any bonus plan year. We may however pay discretionary bonuses, or other types of compensation, outside the Bonus Plan which may or may not be deductible. However, no employee has a guaranteed right to such discretionary compensation as a substitute for a performance award in the event that performance targets are not met or that stockholders fail to approve the material terms of the Bonus Plan.
Eligibility.
The Compensation Committee approved the adoption of the Bonus Plan, which is part of the overall compensation program for our executives, on August 21, 2009.
History.
 
 The purpose of the Bonus Plan is to motivate the participants to achieve our financial performance objectives and to reward them when those objectives are met with bonuses that are intended to be deductible by us to the maximum extent possible as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").
Purpose.
 The Bonus Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee, consisting of no fewer than two members of the Board, each of whom qualifies as an "outside director" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code.
Administration.
 Under the Bonus Plan, participants will be eligible to receive awards based upon the attainment, in fiscal 2010, and certification of, performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee. For fiscal 2010:
Determination of Awards.
 
 
 
The Compensation Committee adopted the performance measures on August 21, 2009, within 90 days after the start of fiscal 2010. Our Executive Vice President of Oracle Customer Service and each Sales and Consulting Participant's total bonus amount under the Bonus Plan is calculated by summing the applicable individual bonuses for each performance measure, including negative amounts. For all participants, the applicable individual bonus for their performance measure or measures is related to the amount by which the target for each performance measure is exceeded or missed. If the aggregate individual performance target bonus calculation results in a negative number, the individual bonus for such performance measure is zero. The details of each of the formulas with respect to the criteria have not been included in this proxy statement in order to maintain the confidentiality of our revenue, profit, expense and/or margin expectations, which we believe are confidential commercial or business information, the disclosure of which would adversely affect Oracle. In the event of the termination or resignation of a participant during fiscal 2010, we may have the person who assumes the responsibilities of that participant assume the same bonus structure as that participant, but adjusted, as determined by the Compensation Committee, to take into account that such person did not serve in that capacity for the entire fiscal year.
 All awards will be paid by August 15, 2010, unless a participant has requested to defer receipt of an award in accordance with the Oracle's Deferred Compensation Plan.
Payment of Awards.
 The amounts that will be paid pursuant to the Bonus Plan are not currently determinable. The maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2010 would be $8,329,022. The maximum bonus payment that any other participant may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2010 would be less than the maximum bonus payment that our Chief Executive Officer may receive under the Bonus Plan. The maximum bonus payment that each Sales and Consulting Participant and our Executive Vice President of Oracle Customer Service may receive under the Bonus Plan for fiscal 2010 is the target bonus for such participant plus a predetermined fixed dollar amount. For all other participants, the maximum bonus is based on a fixed multiple of the target bonus for such participant.
Maximum Award.
 The Compensation Committee may terminate the Bonus Plan, in whole or in part, suspend the Bonus Plan, in whole or in part from time to time, and amend the Bonus Plan, from time to time, including the adoption of amendments deemed necessary or desirable to correct any defect or supply omitted data or to reconcile any inconsistency in the Bonus Plan or in any award granted thereunder, so long as stockholder approval has been obtained, if required in order for awards under the Bonus Plan to qualify as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code. The Compensation Committee may amend or modify the Bonus Plan in any respect, or terminate the Bonus Plan, without the consent of any affected participant. However, in no event may such amendment or modification result in an increase in the amount of compensation payable pursuant to any award.
Amendment and Termination.
 In order to be eligible for an award under the Bonus Plan, a participant must be actively employed by us through the date of payment. If a participant's employment with us terminates for any reason prior to such date of payment, the participant will not be eligible for any award under the Bonus Plan, and no award under the Bonus Plan will be paid to the participant (determined without regard to any election by a participant to defer receipt of an award).
Termination of Employment.
 Under present federal income tax law, participants will realize ordinary income equal to the amount of the award received in the year of receipt. That income will be subject to applicable income and employment tax withholding by Oracle. In the event that a participant has requested to defer receipt of an award, FICA taxes will be applied in the year the award is deferred, and income tax withholding will be collected in the year of ultimate payment. We will receive a deduction for the amount constituting ordinary income to the participant, provided that the Bonus Plan satisfies the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code, which limits the deductibility of nonperformance-related compensation paid to certain corporate executives, and otherwise satisfies the requirements for deductibility under federal income tax law.
Federal Income Tax Consequences.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20091109200327.txt.gz
TIME:20091109200327
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01 Other Events
On November 9, 2009, Oracle Corporation received a Statement of Objections from the European Commission relating to its proposed acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc. and issued the following statement which is being furnished for purposes of this report (and therefore shall not be treated as "filed" or incorporated by reference into any filing):
Oracle's acquisition of Sun is essential for competition in the high end server market, for revitalizing Sparc and Solaris and for strengthening the Java development platform. The transaction does not threaten to reduce competition in the slightest, including in the database market. The Commission's Statement of Objections reveals a profound misunderstanding of both database competition and open source dynamics. It is well understood by those knowledgeable about open source software that because MySQL is open source, it cannot be controlled by anyone. That is the whole point of open source.
The database market is intensely competitive with at least eight strong players, including IBM, Microsoft, Sybase and three distinct open source vendors. Oracle and MySQL are very different database products. There is no basis in European law for objecting to a merger of two among eight firms selling differentiated products. Mergers like this occur regularly and have not been prohibited by United States or European regulators in decades.
The U.S. Department of Justice carefully reviewed the proposed acquisition during the normal Hart-Scott-Rodino review and considered it again when the European Commission initiated a second phase review. On both occasions the Justice Department came to the conclusion that there is nothing anticompetitive about the deal, including specifically Oracle's acquisition of the MySQL database product. The U.S. Department of Justice approved the acquisition without conditions and terminated the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act on August 20, 2009.
Sun's customers universally support this merger and do not benefit from the continued uncertainty and delay. Oracle plans to vigorously oppose the Commission's Statement of Objections as the evidence against the Commission's position is overwhelming. Given the lack of any credible theory or evidence of competitive harm, we are confident we will ultimately obtain unconditional clearance of the transaction.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning the European Commission's Statement of Objections, clearance of the transaction by the European Commission and satisfaction of other conditions to closing the transaction. When used in this press release, the words "plans" and
"will" and other similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others, the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be further delayed and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K for additional risks. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this press release.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: November 9, 2009
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20091217160759.txt.gz
TIME:20091217160759
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item 8.01 Other Events
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02  Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On December 17, 2009, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended November 30, 2009. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01  Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock payable on February 9, 2010, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 19, 2010.
Oracle's press release dated December 17, 2009, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d)   Exhibits
 
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 17, 2009  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2010 Q2 GAAP earnings per share of $0.29, up 15% compared to last year. Second quarter GAAP total revenues were up 4% to $5.9 billion, while quarterly GAAP net income was up 12% to $1.5 billion. GAAP new software license revenues were up 2% to $1.7 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 14% to $3.2 billion. GAAP operating income was up 10% to $2.2 billion and GAAP operating margin was up 200 basis points to 37%. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $8.7 billion, up 7%.
Second quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were up 15% to $0.39. Non-GAAP total revenues were up 3% to $5.9 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 12% to $2.0 billion, compared to the same quarter last year. Non-GAAP operating income was up 9% to $2.9 billion and non-GAAP operating margin was up 280 basis points to 49%.
"We delivered results which were substantially better than we expected on both the top and bottom line, growing non-GAAP operating margins by 280 basis points to 49%, the highest Q2 non-GAAP operating margin in our history," said Oracle CFO Jeff Epstein. "Our solid top line growth, coupled with disciplined expense management, was key in generating $8.4 billion of free cash flow over the last twelve months."
"We expect the European Commission to unconditionally clear the acquisition of Sun in January," said Oracle President Safra Catz. "I want to thank all of our customers for the overwhelming support they have given us during this process."
"For the fourth consecutive quarter, Oracle took market share from SAP in every region around the world," said Oracle President Charles Phillips. "In constant currency, our applications business grew 1% in the Americas and 2% in Asia Pacific versus a negative 35% and negative 34% respectively for SAP."
"Sun's new SPARC Solaris system and Sun's new Exadata database machine both run the Oracle database faster than IBM's fastest computer," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "We expect Sun to rapidly improve both its market share and margins once this merger closes."
In addition, Oracle's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 19, 2010, with a payment date of February 9, 2010. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
Q2 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (866) 423-8620 or (719) 387-4093, Passcode: 983270. To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle is the world's largest business software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our website at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, expectations, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent global economic and financial crisis, could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, through reductions in customer IT budgets and expenditures and through the general tightening of access to credit.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
(2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or services or new versions of existing or acquired products or services. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. Also the Sun acquisition may not be cleared by relevant regulatory authorities, may not otherwise close or the closing of the proposed transaction may be further delayed and Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. No assurances can be given that the European Commission will clear the transaction, that the closing will transpire or occur, or if these events occur, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of December 17, 2009. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events
.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
 
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100121124253.txt.gz
TIME:20100121124253
EVENTS:	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2Financial Information
 
On January 14, 2010, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") issued a total of $1,758,898,000 of short-term promissory notes ("CP Notes") under its $5,000,000,000 Commercial Paper Program. The maturities of the CP Notes are between one month and five months, with approximately 84% of the CP Notes having maturities of one month, two months or three months. The weighted average yield of the CP Notes, including issuance costs, is 0.165%. Oracle has $3,241,102,000 of capacity remaining under its Commercial Paper Program.
The CP Notes are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are unsecured and rank with all of Oracle's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The CP Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity and are not subject to voluntary prepayment.
pari passu
We expect to use these funds, along with our internally available cash, cash from operations and cash from previous borrowings, to pay for our pending acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
 
On January 21, 2010, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing the European Commission's approval of Oracle's acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 99.1
Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) announced today that it had received regulatory approval from the European Commission for its acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc. Oracle expects unconditional approval from China and Russia and intends to close the transaction shortly.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., January 21, 2010 -
Oracle will host an all-day live event for customers, partners, press and analysts on January 27
th
, 2010 at 9:00 AM Pacific time, at its headquarters in Redwood Shores, California. Details are available at .
www.oracle.com/sun
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Sun, including statements that involve risks and uncertainties concerning Oracle's acquisition of Sun. When used in this press release, the words "will", "expects", "intends" and other similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Sun, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others: the possibility that the transaction will not be cleared by relevant regulatory authorities or will not close, the possibility that the closing may be further delayed, the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing, the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all, general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business, and the possibility that Oracle or Sun may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Sun.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle and Sun, respectively, file with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K for additional risks. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Neither Oracle nor Sun is under any duty to update any of the information in this press release.
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at .
http://www.oracle.com
Trademark
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Contact:
Karen Tillman
Oracle Corporate Communications
+1.650.607.0326
karen.tillman@oracle.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100128124518.txt.gz
TIME:20100128124518
EVENTS:	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2  Financial Information
 
On January 26, 2010, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of April 19, 2009 (the "Merger Agreement") by and among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Oracle"), Sun Microsystems, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Sun"), and Soda Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle ("Merger Subsidiary"), Merger Subsidiary was merged with and into Sun, with Sun surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle (the "Merger"). Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of Sun common stock (other than shares held in Sun's treasury or owned directly or indirectly by Parent or Merger Subsidiary) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger was cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive $9.50 in cash, without interest. The merger consideration will be funded through our internally available cash, cash from operations and cash from previous borrowings.
Section 8  Other Events
 
On January 27, 2010, Oracle issued a press release relating to the completion of the acquisition of Sun. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
(a) Financial Statements of Business Acquired.
The financial statements required by Item 9.01(a) of Form 8-K will be filed by amendment within 71 calendar days after the date this report on Form 8-K must be filed.
(b) Pro Forma Financial Information.
The pro forma financial information required by Item 9.01(b) of Form 8-K will be filed by amendment within 71 calendar days after the date this report on Form 8-K must be filed.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) announced today that it had completed its acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc. Combination of the local entities worldwide will proceed in accordance with local laws.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., January 27, 2010
Oracle will host an all-day live event, which also will be webcast for customers, partners, press and analysts today at 9:00 AM Pacific time, at its headquarters in Redwood Shores, California. Details are available at .
www.oracle.com/sun
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's largest enterprise software company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our Web site at .
http://www.oracle.com
Trademark
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Contact:
Karen Tillman
Oracle Corporate Communications
+1.650.607.0326
karen.tillman@oracle.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100212165945.txt.gz
TIME:20100212165945
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
For family reasons, Juergen Rottler, Executive Vice President, Oracle Customer Services, and a named executive officer of Oracle Corporation (the "Company"), is moving to a modified work schedule. Effective February 9, 2010, certain of Mr. Rottler's responsibilities were assumed by other members of the Company's management.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: February 12, 2010
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100325161508.txt.gz
TIME:20100325161508
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item 8.01 Other Events
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02  Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On March 25, 2010, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 28, 2010. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01  Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock payable on May 5, 2010, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 14, 2010.
Oracle's press release dated March 25, 2010, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d)   Exhibits
 
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 25, 2010  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2010 Q3 GAAP total revenues were up 17% to $6.4 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 18% to $6.5 billion. Excluding the impact of Sun Microsystems, Inc., which Oracle acquired on January 26, 2010, GAAP total revenue grew 7%. GAAP new software license revenues were up 13% to $1.7 billion, and up 10% to $1.7 billion excluding Sun. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $3.3 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 12% to $3.3 billion. GAAP operating income was down 5% to $1.8 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 29%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 13% to $2.9 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 45%. GAAP net income was down 10% to $1.2 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 9% to $1.9 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.23, down 11% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 9% to $0.38. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $8.2 billion.
"Our solid top line growth, coupled with disciplined expense management, was key in generating $8.0 billion of free cash flow over the last twelve months," said Oracle CFO Jeff Epstein.
"The Sun integration is going even better than we expected," said Oracle President, Safra Catz. "We believe that Sun will make a significant contribution to our fourth quarter earnings per share as well as meet the profitability goals we set for next year."
"Exadata is the fastest growing product in Oracle's history," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "Introduced a little over a year ago, the Exadata pipeline is now approaching $400 million with Q4 bookings forecast at nearly $100 million. This strengthens both sales growth and profitability in our Sun server and storage businesses."
"Every quarter we grab huge chunks of market share from SAP," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "SAP's most recent quarter was the best quarter of their year, only down 15%, while Oracle's application sales were up 21%. But SAP is well ahead of us in the number of CEOs for this year, announcing their third and fourth, while we only had one."
In addition, Oracle's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 14, 2010, with a payment date of May 5, 2010. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
Q3 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and web broadcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (800) 214-0694 or (719) 955-1425, Passcode: 567035. To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our website at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent global economic and financial crisis, could adversely affect our business, operating results or financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, through reductions in customer IT budgets and expenditures and through the general tightening of access to credit. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our entrance into the hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this new business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Sun Microsystems, may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) We cannot assure market acceptance of new products or services or new versions of existing or acquired products or services. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of March 25, 2010. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100407171303.txt.gz
TIME:20100407171303
EVENTS:	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
This Form 8-K/A is filed as an amendment (Amendment No. 1) to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Corporation under Items 2.01, 8.01 and 9.01 on January 28, 2010. Amendment No. 1 is being filed to include the financial statements and financial information required under Item 9.01.
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) as of and for the three months ended September 27, 2009 are filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Amendment No. 1 and incorporated herein by reference.
The audited consolidated financial statements of Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) as of and for the year ended June 30, 2009 are filed as Exhibit 99.2 to this Amendment No. 1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The pro forma financial information with respect to Oracle Corporation's acquisition of Sun Microsystems, Inc. (now known as Oracle America, Inc.) is filed as Exhibit 99.3 to this Amendment No. 1 and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 23.1
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:
 
of our report dated August 28, 2009, except with respect to the retrospective adoption of accounting principles described in Note 2, Adjustment for Retrospective Application of Accounting Pronouncement, to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is April 7, 2010, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.), included in this Form 8-K/A, for the year ended June 30, 2009.
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
We provide network computing infrastructure solutions that drive global network participation through shared innovation, community development and open source leadership. Guided by a singular vision, "The Network is the Computer", we provide a diversity of software, systems, storage, services and microelectronics that power everything from consumer electronics, to developer tools and the world's most powerful data centers. Our core brands include the Java technology platform, the Solaris Operating System, the MySQL database management system, Sun StorageTek storage solutions and the UltraSPARC processor. Our network computing platforms are used by nearly every sector of society and industry, and provide the infrastructure behind some of the world's best known search, social networking, entertainment, financial services, telecommunications, manufacturing, healthcare, retail, news, energy and engineering companies. By investing in research and development, we create products and services that address the complex information technology issues facing customers today, including increasing demands for network access, bandwidth and storage. We share these innovations in order to grow communities, in turn increasing participation on the network and building new market opportunities while maintaining partnerships with some of the most innovative technology companies in the world.
On April 19, 2009, we entered into a definitive agreement under which Oracle Corporation (Oracle) will acquire all of our common stock, through a merger, for $9.50 per share in cash and we will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle. On July 16, 2009, our stockholders adopted the merger agreement at a special meeting of the stockholders. On August 20, 2009, the United States Department of Justice notified us that it had approved the proposed acquisition by Oracle. The completion of the transaction is subject to receiving certain foreign regulatory approvals, including approval of the European Commission, and various other closing conditions.
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
Fiscal Year
Our first three quarters in fiscal year 2010 end on September 27, 2009, December 27, 2009 and March 28, 2010. In fiscal year 2009, the quarters ended on September 28, 2008, December 28, 2008 and March 29, 2009. The fourth quarter in all fiscal years ends on June 30.
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements (Interim Financial Statements) include our accounts and the accounts of our subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Our Interim Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP) for interim financial information and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for interim financial statements and accounting policies, consistent, in all material respects, with those applied in preparing our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, filed with the SEC on August 28, 2009 (2009 Form 10-K). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in the condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates are based on management's knowledge about current events and expectations about actions we may undertake in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Our interim financial statements are unaudited but reflect all adjustments, including normal recurring adjustments management considers necessary for a fair presentation of our financial position, operating results and cash flows for the interim periods presented. The results for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire year. The condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2009, has been derived from the audited consolidated balance sheet as of that date. The information included in this report should be read in conjunction with our 2009 Form 10-K.
Recently Adopted Pronouncements
: In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted new standards related to accounting for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion which required retrospective application. To adopt these standards, we estimated the fair value, as of the date of issuance, of our applicable convertible debt instruments as if the instruments were issued without the conversion options. We recorded the difference between the face amount of the applicable debt instruments and the estimated fair value as a component of equity and a corresponding debt discount. The debt discount, which is a reduction to the carrying value of the debt, will be amortized as additional non-cash interest expense over the term of the original note. See Note 7, "Borrowing Arrangements."
Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled In Cash Upon Conversion
 
: In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted new standards which require collaborators to present the result of activities for which they act as the principal on a gross basis and report any payments received from (made to) other collaborators based on other applicable GAAP or, in the absence of other applicable GAAP, based on analogy to authoritative accounting literature or a reasonable, rational and consistently applied accounting policy election. In addition, a participant in a collaborative arrangement should provide the following disclosures separately for each collaborative arrangement: (a) the nature and purpose of the arrangement, (b) its rights and obligations under the collaborative arrangement, (c) the accounting policy for the arrangement in accordance with "Disclosure of Accounting Policies," and (d) the income statement classification and amounts arising from the collaborative arrangement between participants for each period an income statement is presented. The adoption of the new standards did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Collaborative Arrangements
: In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted revised standards for business combinations. These revised standards generally require an entity to recognize the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, contingencies, and contingent consideration at their fair value on the acquisition date. In circumstances where the acquisition-date fair value for a contingency cannot be determined during the measurement period and it is concluded that it is probable that an asset or liability exists as of the acquisition date and the amount can be reasonably estimated, a contingency is recognized as of the acquisition date based on the estimated amount. It further requires that acquisition-related costs be recognized separately from the acquisition and expensed as incurred, restructuring costs generally be expensed in periods subsequent to the acquisition date, and changes in accounting for deferred tax asset valuation allowances and acquired income tax uncertainties after the measurement period impact income tax expense. In addition, acquired in-process research and development is capitalized as an intangible asset and amortized over its estimated useful life. These new standards are applicable to business combinations on a prospective basis beginning in the first quarter of 2010. The adoption of the new standards did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Business Combinations
: In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted new standards that specified the way in which fair value measurements should be made for non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities that are not measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, and specified additional disclosures related to these fair value measurements. The adoption of these new standards did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Fair Value
: In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted new standards to assist in the assessment of the useful life of intangible assets subject to renewal or extension provisions. These standards require an entity to consider its own assumptions about renewal or extension of the term of the arrangement, consistent with its expected use of the asset. These standards must be applied prospectively to all intangible assets acquired. The adoption of the new standards did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Intangibles
In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted new standards that address the determination of whether an instrument or embedded features are indexed to a company's own stockThe adoption of the new standards did not have a significant impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Instruments Indexed to a Company's Own Stock:
.
In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted new standards detailing employers' disclosures about plan assets of defined benefit pension or other post retirement plans. The required disclosures include a description of our investment policies and strategies, the fair value of each major category of plan assets, the inputs and valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of plan assets, the effect of fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs on changes in plan assets, and the significant concentrations of risk within plan assets. The adoption of the new standards did not impact our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures:
In the first quarter of 2010, we adopted new standards which concluded that unvested awards of share-based payments with non forfeitable rights to receive dividends or dividend equivalents, such as our restricted stock units (RSUs), are considered to be participating securities and the two-class method should be used for purposes of calculating earnings per share (EPS). Under the two-class method, a portion of net income is allocated to these participating securities and therefore is excluded from the calculation of EPS allocated to common stock. This update requires retrospective application for periods prior to the effective date and as a result, all prior period earnings per share data presented herein have been adjusted to conform to these provisions. Because we had a net loss for the three month periods ended September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008, the effect of the adoption did not impact our current and previously reported basic or diluted EPS. 
Earnings per Share:
New Pronouncements
 In October of 2009, new standards were issued to update the accounting and reporting requirements for revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables. These standards established a selling price hierarchy, which allows the use of an estimated selling price to determine the selling price of a deliverable in cases where neither vendor-specific objective evidence nor third-party evidence is available. These standards are to be applied prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010 and we are required to adopt these standards in our first quarter of 2011. Early adoption is permitted, and if this update is adopted early in other than the first quarter of an entity's fiscal year, then it must be applied retrospectively to the beginning of that fiscal year. We are currently assessing the impact of the adoption on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Revenue Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables:
 
In October of 2009, new standards were issued that amend which revenue allocation and measurement standards should be used for arrangements that contain both tangible products and software. More specifically, if the software sold with or embedded within the tangible product is essential to the functionality of the tangible product, then this software as well as undelivered software elements that relate to this software are excluded from the scope of existing software revenue guidance. These standards are to be applied prospectively for revenue arrangements entered into or materially modified in fiscal years beginning on or after June 15, 2010 and we are required to adopt these standards in our first quarter of 2011. Early adoption is permitted, and if this update is adopted early in other than the first quarter of an entity's fiscal year, then it must be applied retrospectively to the beginning of that fiscal year. We are currently assessing the impact of the adoption on our condensed consolidated financial statements.
Certain Revenue Arrangements that Include Software Elements:
3. FAIR VALUE
We perform fair value measurements in accordance with the guidance provided by fair value standards. The fair value standards define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions, and risk of nonperformance.
The fair value standards establish a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value standards establish three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:
 
Fair Value Measurements
Information about certain of our financial assets and liabilities for the quarter ended September 27, 2009 (in millions):
 
Other-Than-Temporary Impairments (OTTI)
A security is considered impaired when its fair value is less than its amortized cost basis. OTTI is triggered when (1) an entity has the intent to sell the impaired security, (2) it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the impaired security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or (3) the entity does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the impaired security.
 
The credit component of OTTI losses is recognized in earnings, while the non-credit component is recognized in other accumulated comprehensive income, net of related taxes. When adopting the standards, an entity is required to record a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the beginning of the period of adoption to reclassify the non-credit component of a previously recognized OTTI from retained earnings (accumulated deficit) to accumulated other comprehensive income if the entity does not intend to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. As a result of our adoption of the standards in the fourth quarter of 2009, we reclassified $3 million of the non-credit component of previously recognized OTTI from "Accumulated deficit" to "Accumulated other comprehensive income" (OCI).
Cash equivalents and accounts receivable are carried at cost as this approximates fair value due to their short term nature. For short-term and long-term marketable debt securities, estimates of fair value are based on market prices. At September 27, 2009, the fair values of our short-term and long-term marketable debt securities were as follows (in millions):
 
We only invest in debt securities with a rating of BBB- or above from a nationally recognized credit rating agency at the time of original purchase. At September 27, 2009, we had investments in debt instruments of five issuers equal to or exceeding 2% of the fair market value of our marketable debt securities, which includes some of our investments in cash equivalents, of $2,056 million. At September 27, 2009, investment concentration by issuer was as follows (dollars in millions):
 
 
Net realized losses before taxes on marketable debt securities totaled $6 million, and were recorded in Interest and other expense, net. The amortized cost of securities sold during the year was determined based on the specific identification method.
 
The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized losses related to available-for-sale securities, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of September 27, 2009 (in millions):
 
Corporate Notes and Bonds
Our unrealized losses on investments in corporate notes and bonds were caused by interest rate fluctuations and adverse market conditions and not by the credit deterioration of the individual issuers. Because the decline in market value is not attributed to changes in credit quality, we intend to hold those investments until recovery of fair value, which may be at maturity, and it is not more likely than not that the investments will be required to be sold before recovery, we do not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 27, 2009.
Asset and Mortgage Backed Securities
Our unrealized losses on investments in asset and mortgage backed securities were caused by interest rate fluctuations and adverse market conditions and not by the credit loss. Because the decline in market value is not attributed to changes in credit quality, we intend to hold those investments until recovery of fair value, which may be at maturity, and it is not more likely than not that the investments will be required to be sold before recovery, we do not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at September 27, 2009.
At September 27, 2009, the amortized cost and estimated fair values of short-term and long-term marketable debt securities (excluding cash equivalents) by contractual maturity were as follows (in millions):
 
Asset and mortgage-backed securities were classified based on their contractual maturity.
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
Disclosures about derivative instruments and hedging activities requires us to recognize all of our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in our condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, we must designate the hedging instrument based upon the exposure being hedged as a cash flow hedge. All derivatives are recognized in our condensed consolidated balance sheet at fair value and are reported in Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net, and Accrued liabilities and other. Classification of all of our derivatives is current because the maturity of the instruments is less than 12 months.
We are exposed to certain risks relating to our ongoing business operations. The primary risk managed by using derivative instruments is foreign currency exchange rate risk. Option and forward contracts on various foreign currencies are entered into to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk on forecasted revenue and inventory purchases denominated in foreign currencies. Other forward foreign exchange contracts are entered into to hedge against changes in the functional currency value of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a non functional currency. We also use natural hedges by purchasing components and incurring expenses in local currencies.
 
Gross fair value of derivatives:
 
Cash Flow Hedges
We have significant international sales and purchase transactions denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we purchase currency option and forward contracts as cash flow hedges to reduce certain foreign currency exposures that can be identified and quantified. These contracts expire within 12 months. We are generally exposed to significant changes in exchange rates for the Euro, Japanese Yen and British Pound.
Our hedging contracts are primarily intended to protect against changes in the value of the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, for forecasted transactions, U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries hedge foreign currency revenues and non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries selling in foreign currencies hedge U.S. dollar inventory purchases. Changes in the fair value of our derivatives designated as a cash flow hedge are recorded, net of applicable taxes, in OCI, a component of stockholders' equity. When net income is affected by the variability of the underlying cash flow, the applicable offsetting amount of the gain or loss from the derivative that is deferred in stockholders' equity is released to revenue or cost of sales, and reported in the condensed consolidated statement of operations based on the nature of the underlying cash flow hedged. The net gains or losses relating to ineffectiveness of our cash flow hedges were not material for the three months ended September 27, 2009.
Balance Sheet Hedging Strategy
Our balance sheet hedges are designed to hedge the gains and losses generated by remeasurement of nonfunctional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. The program is designed so that hedging transactions are entered into to reduce or eliminate the risk that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will adversely impact the functional currency value of nonfunctional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. To manage these foreign currency risk exposures, we enter into forward contracts to offset the recognized remeasurement gains and losses. These contracts are entered into at the beginning of a designated fiscal month and mature at the end of that month or a later month. In some cases, these transactions may be entered into in the middle of the month to adjust existing hedges for changes in existing or anticipated nonfunctional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. These are generally hedges of less than 3 months in duration.
The gain recognized in SG&A expenses on non-designated foreign exchange contracts was $25 million for the three months ended September 27, 2009.
 
Credit Risk
We manage our counterparty credit risk by monitoring the financial health of the banks with whom we have option and forward contracts on foreign currency by analyzing the banks' credit rating and the Credit Default Swap (CDS) spread, or the price, denominated in basis points, to obtain a contract to protect against default of an underlying financial instrument. A company with a higher CDS spread is considered more likely to default by the market.
Derivative Activity
We had the following net outstanding foreign currency contracts (in millions of USD):
 
4. BALANCE SHEET DETAILS
Inventories
Inventories consisted of the following (in millions):
 
Warranty Reserve
We accrue for our product warranty costs at the time of shipment. These product warranty costs are estimated based upon our historical experience and specific identification of product requirements and may fluctuate based on product mix.
The following table sets forth an analysis of warranty reserve activity (in millions):
 
 
5. GOODWILL AND OTHER ACQUISITION-RELATED INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET
Information regarding our goodwill by operating segment is as follows (in millions):
 
Information regarding our other acquisition-related intangible assets is as follows (in millions):
 
Amortization expense of other acquisition-related intangible assets was $52 million and $80 million for the three months ended September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008, respectively. Our acquisition-related intangible assets are amortized over periods generally ranging between one and five years on a straight-line basis. Certain trademarks and technology assets which are fundamental to our use of the acquired technology are amortized over longer periods, depending on the expected use and benefits of such assets.
Estimated amortization expense for other acquisition-related intangible assets on our September 27, 2009 balance sheet for the fiscal years ending June 30, is as follows (in millions):
 
We apply a fair value based impairment test to the net book value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis and, if certain events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred, on an interim basis. The analysis of potential impairment of goodwill requires a two-step process. The first step is the estimation of fair value. If step one indicates that impairment potentially exists, the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment, if any. Goodwill impairment exists when the estimated fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value.
During the three months ended September 28, 2008, based on a combination of factors, including the then current economic environment, our operating results, and a sustained decline in our market capitalization, we concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require us to perform an interim goodwill impairment analysis as of September 28, 2008. As a result, during the first quarter of fiscal 2009, we recorded an impairment charge of $1,445 million which represented our best estimate of the resulting goodwill impairment. For the purposes of this analysis, our estimates of fair value were based on a combination of the income approach, which estimates the fair value of our reporting units based on the future discounted cash flows, and the market approach, which estimates the fair value of our reporting units based on comparable market prices. In connection with completing our goodwill impairment analysis, we reviewed our long-lived tangible and intangible assets within the impaired reporting unit under the guidance for accounting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. We determined that the forecasted undiscounted cashflows related to these assets or asset groups were in excess of their carrying values, and therefore these assets were not impaired.
There were no goodwill impairment indicators for the three months ended September 27, 2009.
Acquisition related intangible asset impairments were not material for the three months ended September 27, 2009. There were no other acquisition related intangible asset impairment indicators for the three months ended September 27, 2009.
 
6. RESTRUCTURING CHARGES
In accordance with the accounting standards for costs associated with exit or disposal activities, we recognized a total of $45 million and $63 million in restructuring charges in our statement of operations for the three months ended September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008, respectively. The determination of when we accrue for severance costs and which standard applies depends on whether the termination benefits are provided under a one-time benefit arrangement or under an on-going benefit arrangement.
We estimated the cost of exiting and terminating our facility leases or acquired leases by referring to the contractual terms of the agreements and by evaluating the current real estate market conditions. In addition, we have estimated sublease income by evaluating the current real estate market conditions or, where applicable, by referring to amounts being negotiated. Our ability to generate this amount of sublease income, as well as our ability to terminate lease obligations at the amounts we have estimated, is highly dependent upon the commercial real estate market conditions in certain geographies at the time we perform our evaluations or negotiate the lease termination and sublease arrangements with third parties. The amounts we have accrued represent our best estimate of the obligations we expect to incur and could be subject to adjustment as market conditions change.
Restructuring Plan IX
In November 2008, we initiated a restructuring plan to further align our resources with our strategic business objectives through reducing our workforce by approximately 5,000 employees. Under this plan, we estimate in total that we will incur between $400 million to $500 million in severance and benefit costs. Through the first quarter of fiscal year 2010, we notified approximately 4,350 employees and recognized total related severance and benefit costs of $346 million. The remainder of the estimated costs under this restructuring plan are expected to be incurred through the end of fiscal 2010.
Restructuring Plan VIII
In May 2008, we initiated a restructuring plan to further align our resources with our strategic business objectives. Through the end of fiscal year 2009, we notified approximately 1,950 employees and recognized total related severance and benefit costs of $167 million. All employees to be terminated under this plan have been notified and all facilities relating to the amounts accrued under this restructuring plan have been exited.
Restructuring Plans Prior to Phase VIII
Prior to the initiation of Restructuring Plans VIII and IX, we implemented certain workforce reduction and facilities exit actions. All employees to be terminated under these plans have been notified and all facilities relating to the amounts accrued under these restructuring plans have been exited.
The following table sets forth an analysis of our restructuring accrual activity for the three months ended September 27, 2009 (in millions):
 
The restructuring charges are based on estimates that are subject to change. Changes to the previous estimates have been reflected as "Provision adjustments" on the above table in the period the changes in estimates were determined. As of September 27, 2009, our estimated sublease income to be generated from sublease contracts not yet negotiated was approximately $17 million.
The remaining cash expenditures relating to workforce reductions are expected to be paid over the next several quarters. Our accrual as of September 27, 2009, for facility-related leases (net of anticipated sublease proceeds), will be paid over their respective lease terms through fiscal 2024. As of September 27, 2009, of the total $238 million accrual for workforce reductions and facility-related leases, $110 million was classified as current accrued liabilities and other and the remaining $128 million was classified as other non-current obligations.
 
We anticipate recording additional charges related to our workforce and facilities reductions over the next several quarters, the timing of which will depend upon the timing of notification of the employees leaving as determined by local employment laws and as we exit facilities. In addition, we anticipate incurring additional charges associated with productivity improvement initiatives and expense reduction measures. The total amount and timing of these charges will depend upon the nature, timing and extent of these future actions.
In October 2009, we announced Restructuring Plan X for fiscal year 2010. See Note 12 for further details.
7. BORROWING ARRANGEMENTS
As of September 27, 2009 and June 30, 2009, the balance of long-term debt is as follows (in millions):
 
In August 1999, we issued $1.5 billion of unsecured senior debt securities in four tranches (the Senior Notes). Interest on the Senior Notes was payable semi-annually. The Senior Notes were subject to compliance with certain covenants that did not contain financial ratios. We were in compliance with these covenants. In addition, we also entered into various interest-rate swap agreements to modify the interest characteristics of the Senior Notes so that the interest associated with the Senior Notes effectively became variable. For our publicly traded Senior Notes, estimates of fair value were based on market prices available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities.
On August 17, 2009, we repaid the last tranche of our Senior Notes of $550 million plus accrued interest. In addition, the related interest rate swap was settled.
In January 2007, we issued $350 million principal amount of 0.625% Convertible Senior Notes due February 1, 2012 and $350 million principal amount of 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due February 1, 2014 (the Convertible Notes), to KKR PEI Solar Holdings, I, Ltd., KKR PEI Solar Holdings, II, Ltd. and Citibank, N.A. in a private placement. Each $1,000 of principal of the Convertible Notes is convertible into 34.6619 shares of our common stock (or a total of approximately 24 million shares), which is the equivalent of $28.84 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events set forth under terms of the Convertible Notes. Concurrent with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into note hedge-transactions with a financial institution whereby we have the option to purchase up to 24 million shares of our common stock at a price of $28.84 per share and we sold warrants to the same financial institution whereby they have the option to purchase up to 24 million shares of our common stock. The separate note hedge and warrant transactions were structured to reduce the potential future share dilution associated with the conversion of the Convertible Notes.
On August 5, 2009, we gave notice to the holders of our Convertible Notes of an anticipated fundamental change and the holders' ability to convert, in accordance with the indentures governing the Convertible Notes. The notice was given in contemplation of the closing of the proposed acquisition by Oracle through the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle with and into us. Until such time as the date of the fundamental change is known, we will continue to classify the Convertible Notes as long term.
On July 1, 2009, we adopted new accounting standards that changed the accounting for convertible debt instruments with cash settlement features. Under the previous standards, our Convertible Notes were recognized entirely as a liability at historical value. In accordance with the new standards, we retrospectively recognize both a liability and an equity component of the Convertible Notes. The liability component is recognized as the fair value of a similar instrument that does not have a conversion feature at issuance and is reflective of our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate. The equity component, which is the value of the conversion feature at issuance, is recognized as the difference between the proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Notes and the fair value of the liability component, after adjusting for the deferred tax impact. The amount of the liability and equity component was approximately $179 million as of the date of issuance. See Note 9, "Income Taxes."
 
The cumulative effect of the retrospective change in accounting principle of $50 million was applied to the opening balance of accumulated deficit at July 1, 2009. The effect of the adoption in our statement of operations for the three months ended September 27, 2009, was an increase of $7 million to interest expense.
The following table reflects the results of the adoption of this standard in our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended September 28, 2008 (in millions, except for per share amounts):
 
Uncommitted lines of credit
At September 27, 2009 and June 30, 2009, we and our subsidiaries had uncommitted lines of credit available for uses including overnight overdrafts, letters of credit and bank guarantees, aggregating approximately $235 million and $232 million, respectively. No amounts were drawn under these lines of credit as of September 27, 2009 and June 30, 2009. Interest rates and other terms of borrowing under these lines of credit vary from country to country depending on local market conditions at the time of borrowing. There is no guarantee that the banks would approve our request for funds under these uncommitted lines of credit.
8. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Stock-based Compensation
We have a stock-based compensation program that provides our Board of Directors broad discretion in creating employee equity incentives. This program includes incentive and non-statutory stock options and restricted stock-based awards, including restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units and restricted stock awards. These awards are granted under our 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which was approved by our stockholders on November 8, 2007. Stock options and restricted stock unit awards are generally time-based, vesting 25% on each annual anniversary of the grant date over four years. Stock options generally expire eight years from the date of grant. Additionally, we have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) that allows employees to purchase shares of common stock at 95% of the fair market value at the date of purchase. Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises, restricted stock-based awards and our ESPP are generally first issued out of treasury stock. As of September 27, 2009, we had approximately 161 million shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under these plans.
The following table sets forth the total stock-based compensation expense resulting from stock options, restricted based stock awards, ESPP and stock options assumed as a result of our acquisitions included in our condensed consolidated statements of operations (in millions):
 
Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were $2 million and $1 million for the three months ended September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008, respectively.
 
The fair value of our non-qualified stock options (NQSOs) and our incentive stock options (ISOs) were estimated using the Black-Scholes model with the following weighted-average assumptions:
 
There were no NQSOs or ISOs granted for the three months ended September 27, 2009.
Our computation of expected volatility for the quarter ended September 28, 2008, was based on a combination of historical and market-based implied volatility. Our computation of expected life is based on historical settlement patterns. The interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
Stock option activity for the three months ended September 27, 2009, is as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):
 
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between our closing stock price on the last trading day of our first quarter of fiscal 2010 and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on September 27, 2009. This amount changes based on the fair market value of our stock. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $1 million and $2 million for the three months ended September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008, respectively. The total fair value of options that vested during the three months ended September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008 was $22 million and $28 million, respectively.
As of September 27, 2009, $66 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of one year.
The following table summarizes our restricted stock award activity for the three months ended September 27, 2009 (in millions, except per share amounts):
 
As of September 27, 2009, $218 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock based awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of two years.
 
Computation of Net Income (Loss) per Common Share
Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (adjusted for treasury stock and common stock subject to repurchase activity) during the period. Diluted net income per common share is computed using the weighted-average number of common and dilutive common equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Common equivalent shares are anti-dilutive when their conversion would increase earnings per share. Dilutive common equivalent shares consist primarily of stock options and restricted stock awards (restricted stock and restricted stock units that are settled in stock).
Shares used in the diluted net income per share calculations exclude anti-dilutive common equivalent shares, consisting of stock options, restricted stock awards, written call options and shares associated with convertible notes.
As a result of our net losses for the three month periods ended September 27, 2009 and September 28, 2008, all potentially dilutive shares were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share. While these common equivalent shares are currently anti-dilutive, they could be dilutive in the future.
The following table sets forth the computation of diluted loss per share (in millions, except earnings per common share):
 
 
Common Stock Repurchase Programs
In May 2007, our Board of Directors authorized management to repurchase up to $3 billion of our outstanding common stock. Under this authorization, the timing and actual number of shares subject to repurchase were at the discretion of management and were contingent on a number of factors, such as levels of cash generation from operations, cash requirements for acquisitions, repayment of debt and our share price. As of September 28, 2008, all funds authorized under the May 2007 authorization have been utilized.
In July 2008, our Board of Directors authorized management to repurchase up to $1 billion of our outstanding common stock. Under this authorization, the timing and actual number of shares subject to repurchase are at the discretion of management and are contingent on a number of factors, such as levels of cash generation from operations, cash requirements for acquisitions, repayment of debt and our share price.
During our first fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2008, we repurchased approximately 15 million shares, or $130 million of our common stock, under these authorizations. There were no shares repurchased during the remaining quarters of fiscal 2009.
There were no shares repurchased in the first quarter of fiscal 2010 under the July 2008 repurchase authorization and as of September 27, 2009, approximately $906 million remained available under this July 2008 repurchase authorization.
When common stock is repurchased, shares are recorded as treasury stock and accounted for under the cost method. When treasury shares are reissued, any excess of the acquisition costs of the shares, determined on a first-in-first-out basis, over the proceeds from reissuance is charged to additional paid-in-capital to the extent of previous credits on similar transactions, with any remaining amounts charged to retained earnings.
 
Comprehensive Loss
The components of comprehensive loss were as follows (in millions):
 
 
The components of accumulated other comprehensive income were as follows (in millions):
 
9. INCOME TAXES
During the first quarter of fiscal 2010, as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations with respect to certain acquisition-related tax reserves, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was reduced by $16 million and recorded as a benefit to our tax provision.
The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $207 million as of September 27, 2009. Of this amount, $86 million would benefit our tax provisions if realized and the remaining amount would increase our valuation allowance.
The adoption of the new accounting standards related to accounting for convertible debt instruments had the effect of decreasing our deferred tax assets by approximately $44 million and decreasing our additional paid in capital by approximately $15 million offset by a corresponding decrease in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and an increase to additional paid in capital due to the accounting for the conversion option.
Our policy is to recognize interest and penalty expense associated with uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. During the first quarter of fiscal 2010, as a result of the expiration of the statute of limitations, we reduced our accrued interest and recorded a benefit to our tax provision of $1 million. The amount of interest and penalties accrued at September 27, 2009 was approximately $15 million.
We conduct business globally and, as a result, file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including such major jurisdictions as Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, United Kingdom and the United States. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. income tax examinations for fiscal years before 2001.
We are currently under examination by the IRS for tax returns filed for fiscal years 2006 and 2007. Although the ultimate outcome is unknown, we have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from the examination and we believe that the final outcome will not have a material effect on our results of operations.
10. OPERATING SEGMENTS
We design, manufacture, market and service network computing infrastructure solutions that consist of Server Products (hardware and software), Storage Products (hardware and software), Support Services (Support Services and Managed Services) and Professional and Educational Services. Our organization is primarily structured in a functional manner. During the periods presented, our Chief Executive Officer was identified as our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) as defined by accounting standards for disclosures about segments of an enterprise and related information.
 
Our CODM manages our company based primarily on broad functional categories of sales, services, manufacturing, product development and engineering and marketing and strategy. Starting in fiscal 2008, our CODM reviews consolidated financial information on revenues and gross margins for systems and services and also reviews operating expenses. Our CODM does not use asset allocations for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segment or assessing the segment's performance. Our Systems Group segment comprises our end-to-end networking architecture of computing products including our Server Products and Storage Products lines. Our Services Group segment comprises a full range of services to existing and new customers, including Support Services (Support Services and Managed Services) and Professional and Educational Services.
We have a Worldwide Operations (WWOPS) organization and a Global Sales and Services (GSS) organization that are responsible for the manufacturing and sale, respectively, of all of our products. The CODM holds GSS accountable for overall products and services revenue and margins at a consolidated level. GSS and WWOPS manage the majority of our accounts receivable and inventory, respectively.
Operating expenses are not allocated to the reportable segments. With the exception of goodwill, we do not identify or allocate assets by operating segment, nor does the CODM evaluate operating segments using discrete asset information. We do not report inter-segment revenue because the operating segments do not report it. We do not allocate interest and other income, interest expense, or taxes to operating segments.
Segment Information
The following table presents revenues and operating loss for our segments (in millions):
 
11. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND CONTINGENCIES
In September 2004, private plaintiffs known as "relators" filed an action against us on behalf of the government of the United States in the United States District Court for the District of Arkansas alleging that certain rebates, discounts and other payments or benefits provided by us to our resellers and technology integrators constitute "kickbacks" in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Act, because such benefits allegedly should have been disclosed to and/or passed on to the government. That action was filed under seal, and the complaint was not unsealed until April 2007. Later in fiscal 2005, the General Services Administration (GSA) began auditing our records under the agreements it had with us at that time. The GSA's auditors alleged that we failed to provide agreed-upon discounts in accordance with the contracts' "price reduction clauses" and further alleged that certain pricing disclosures made by us to the GSA were substantially incomplete, false or misleading, resulting in defective pricing. In April 2007, the United States Department of Justice filed a complaint intervening in the lawsuit in Arkansas described above. The government's complaint includes claims related to both the "kickback" claims in the relators' original complaint and other claims related to the GSA audit described above, including claims under the federal False Claims Act, breach of contract, and other related claims. The government's complaint does not identify the amount of damages it claims or intends to claim. The parties continue to discuss the nature of the government's current and potential claims on our GSA and other government sales. If this matter proceeds to trial, possible sanctions include an award of damages, including treble damages, fines, penalties and other sanctions, up to and including suspension or debarment from sales to the federal government. Although we are interested in pursuing an amicable resolution, we intend to present a vigorous factual and legal defense throughout the course of these proceedings.
 
Three putative shareholder class actions were filed by individual shareholders on April 20, 2009, April 30, 2009 and April 30, 2009, respectively, in Santa Clara County Superior Court naming us and certain of our officers and directors, as well as Oracle Corporation, as defendants. The complaints, which were similar, sought to enjoin the proposed acquisition by Oracle Corporation and alleged claims for breach of fiduciary duty against the individual defendants and for aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty against the corporate defendants. The complaints generally alleged that the consideration offered in the proposed transaction is unfair and inadequate. On June 16, 2009, the three shareholder actions were consolidated into a single action. On July 2, 2009, plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the shareholders' meeting scheduled for July 16, 2009. On July 14, 2009, the Court denied plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction. On August 7, 2009, defendants filed a demurrer to the consolidated complaint, and on August 24, 2009, plaintiffs filed a motion to award attorneys fees incurred in the case. We opposed this motion, and on October 8, 2009, the court denied the plaintiffs' motion for fees and dismissed the case against all defendants.
As required by SFAS 5, we accrue for contingencies when we believe that a loss is probable and that we can reasonably estimate the amount of any such loss. We have made an assessment of the probability of incurring any such losses and such amounts are reflected in our condensed consolidated balance sheets. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and it is difficult to predict the outcome of particular matters with reasonable certainty and, therefore, the actual amount of any loss may prove to be larger or smaller than the amounts reflected in our condensed consolidated financial statements.
12. SUBSEQUENT EVENT
Effective October 20, 2009, our Board of Directors approved a plan to better align our resources with our strategic business objectives, including reducing our workforce across the North America, EMEA, APAC and Emerging Markets regions over the next 12 months (Restructuring Plan X). We expect to incur total charges ranging from $75 million to $125 million over the next several quarters in connection with Restructuring Plan X, the majority of which relates to cash severance costs and is expected to be incurred in the second and third quarters of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2010. During the period from September 28, 2009 to November 6, 2009, we did not have any other material recognizable subsequent events.
 

Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We provide network computing infrastructure solutions that drive global network participation through shared innovation, community development and open source leadership. Guided by a singular vision, "The Network is the Computer", we provide a diversity of software, systems, storage, services and microelectronics that power everything from consumer electronics, to developer tools and the world's most powerful data centers. Our core brands include the Java technology platform, the Solaris Operating System, the MySQL database management system, Sun StorageTek storage solutions and the UltraSPARC processor. Our network computing platforms are used by nearly every sector of society and industry, and provide the infrastructure behind some of the world's best known search, social networking, entertainment, financial services, telecommunications, manufacturing, healthcare, retail, news, energy and engineering companies. By investing in research and development, we create products and services that address the complex information technology issues facing customers today, including increasing demands for network access, bandwidth and storage. We share these innovations in order to grow communities, in turn increasing participation on the network and building new market opportunities while maintaining partnerships with some of the most innovative technology companies in the world.
On April 19, 2009, we entered into a definitive agreement under which Oracle Corporation (Oracle) will acquire all of our common stock, through a merger, for $9.50 per share in cash, and we will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle. On July 16, 2009, our stockholders adopted the merger agreement at a special meeting of the stockholders. On August 20, 2009, the United States Department of Justice notified us that it had approved the proposed acquisition by Oracle. See Note 17 for further details on completion of the acquisition and related impact on our Convertible Notes (as defined below).
 
Basis of Presentation
Our Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts and the accounts of our subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.
Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates are based on management's knowledge about current events and expectation about actions we may undertake in the future. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
Adjustment for Retrospective Application of Accounting Pronouncements.
The financial statements presented herein have been adjusted to reflect the retrospective application of Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Staff Position (FSP) APB 14-1 (FSP APB 14-1), Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash Upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement), a retroactive change in accounting principle. In addition, the financial statements have also been adjusted for the adoption of FSP EITF 03-6-1, "Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions are Participating Securities," (FSP EITF 03-6-1).
Under FSP EITF 03-6-1, unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents are participating securities and, therefore, are included in computing earnings per share (EPS) pursuant to the two-class method. The two-class method determines earnings per share for each class of common stock and participating securities according to dividends or dividend equivalents and their respective participation rights in undistributed earnings. Certain Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted to employees after to November 14, 2007, are considered participating securities as they receive non-forfeitable dividend equivalents at the same rate as common stock. RSUs granted prior to November 14, 2007 do not receive dividend equivalents and are not considered participating securities. The adoption FSP EITF 03-6-1 did not materially impact our EPS computation.
Under FSP APB 14-1, we estimated the fair value, as of the date of issuance, of our applicable convertible debt instruments as if the instruments were issued without the conversion options. We recorded the difference between the face amount of the applicable debt instruments and the estimated fair value as a component of equity and a corresponding debt discount. The carrying value of the equity component was $179 million as of June 30, 2009 and 2008. The debt discount, which is a reduction
 
to the carrying value of the debt, is being amortized as additional non-cash interest expense over the term of the original note. The effective interest rate on liability component of our convertible debt instruments was 5.96% for all periods presented. See Note 9, "Borrowing Arrangements" and Note 10, "Income Taxes."
The following table presents the impact of retrospective adoption of FSP APB 14-1 on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
 
 
 
Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and remaining maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase. We classify cash with restrictions as other current or non-current assets, depending on the nature of the underlying restriction unless the restriction is short-term in nature and is for a period of less than three months. At June 30, 2009 and 2008, "Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net" included $26 million and $15 million, respectively, of restricted cash. At June 30, 2009 and 2008, "Other non-current assets, net" included $117 million and $102 million of long-term deposits and restricted cash, respectively.
Investments
We invest in marketable debt securities, marketable equity securities and other investments.
Marketable Debt Securities
On March 30, 2009, we adopted FASB Staff Position (FSP) Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 115-2 and SFAS 124-2, "Recognition and Presentation of Other-Than-Temporary Impairments," ( FSP SFAS 115-2 / SFAS 124-2). FSP SFAS 115-2 / SFAS 124-2 amends the requirements for the recognition and measurement of other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) for debt securities by modifying the pre-existing "intent and ability" indicator. FSP SFAS 115-2/124-2 does not amend existing recognition and measurement guidance related to OTTI of equity securities.
 
A security is considered impaired when its fair value is less than its amortized cost basis. Under FSP SFAS 115-2 / SFAS 124-2, OTTI is triggered when (1) an entity has the intent to sell the impaired security, (2) it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the impaired security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or (3) the entity does not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the impaired security.
FSP SFAS 115-2 / SFAS 124-2 requires that the credit component of OTTI losses be recognized in earnings, while the noncredit component is recognized in other accumulated comprehensive income, net of related taxes. When adopting FSP SFAS 115-2 / SFAS 124-2, an entity is required to record a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the beginning of the period of adoption to reclassify the non-credit component of a previously recognized OTTI from retained earnings (accumulated deficit) to accumulated other comprehensive income if the entity does not intend to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. As result of our adoption of FSP SFAS 115-2 / SFAS 124-2, we reclassified $3 million of the non-credit component of previously recognized OTTI from "Retained earnings (Accumulated deficit)" to "Accumulated other comprehensive income."
Investments in marketable debt securities consist primarily of corporate notes and bonds, asset and mortgage backed securities and U.S. government notes and bonds with remaining maturities beyond three months at the date of purchase. Short-term investments are marketable debt securities with maturities of one year or less from the balance sheet date (except cash equivalents), while long-term investments represent all other marketable debt securities. All marketable debt securities are held in our name and deposited with one major financial institution. Our policy is to protect the value of our investment portfolio and minimize principal risk by earning returns based on current interest rates. We only invest in marketable debt securities with a minimum rating of BBB- or above from a nationally recognized credit rating agency at the time of purchase. At June 30, 2009 and 2008, all of our marketable debt securities were classified as available-for-sale and were carried at fair market value. The unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, excluding the credit component, net of taxes, are recorded in "Accumulated other comprehensive income" in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity. See Note 3 for further detail.
We review our investment portfolio regularly for impairment. A security is considered impaired when its fair value is less than its amortized cost basis. If we intend to sell an impaired debt security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell it prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, OTTI is deemed to have occurred. In these instances, the OTTI loss is recognized in earnings equal to the entire difference between the debt security's amortized cost basis and its fair value at the balance sheet date. If we do not intend to sell an impaired debt security and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell it prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, we assess whether we will recover the security's amortized cost basis. If we conclude we will not, a credit loss exists and the security's impairment is separated into:
The amount representing the credit loss, which is recognized in earnings as OTTI, and
The amount related to all other factors, which is recognized in other comprehensive income.
As part of this assessment we consider various characteristics of each security including, but not limited to: the length of time and the extent to which the fair value has been less than the amortized cost basis; adverse conditions specifically related to the security, an industry, or a geographic area; the payment structure of the debt security; failure of the issuer of the security to make scheduled interest or principal payments; any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency and related outlook or status; recoveries or additional declines in fair value subsequent to the balance sheet date. The relative importance of this information varies based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each security, as well as the economic environment at the time of assessment.
Marketable Equity Securities
Investments in marketable equity securities consist of equity holdings in public companies. Marketable equity securities are initially recorded at fair value upon acquisition and are classified as available-for-sale when there are no restrictions on our ability to liquidate such securities within 12 months. Fair value is determined using quoted market prices for those securities. Investments in marketable equity securities were $11 million and $21 million at June 30, 2009 and 2008, respectively. At June 30, 2009, all marketable equity investments were classified as available-for-sale and are included in "Other non-current assets, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the fair value of these securities are recognized in "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income," in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity. Net Unrealized gains on marketable equity securities were $0 million, $7 million and $13 million at June 30, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Marketable equity securities at June 30, 2009 and 2008 were (in millions):
 
 
Realized gains on sales of marketable equity securities were $6 million, $13 million and $0 million in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively and are recognized in "Gain on equity investments, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, we review all marketable equity securities for other than temporary declines in fair value. In doing so, we evaluate the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the portfolio company and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. We consider circumstances where, as of the end of any quarter, the carrying value of a marketable equity security has been greater than its market value for the last six consecutive months, to be de-facto evidence of other than temporary impairment. We perform our evaluation of other than temporary impairment on a quarterly basis. Based on our evaluation, if a security is considered to be other than temporarily impaired, an impairment charge is recognized in "Gain on equity investments, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Impairments of marketable equity securities were not significant in fiscal 2009. There was no impairment charge recorded in fiscal 2008 or 2007.
Other Investments
Other investments include equity investments in privately-held companies that develop products, markets and services that are strategic to us, investments in venture capital funds and other joint ventures, securities lent under our securities lending program and the cash surrender value of life insurance policies.
Our equity investments in privately-held companies are generally made in connection with a round of financing with other third-party investors. As our investments in privately-held companies do not permit us to exert significant influence or control over the entity in which we are investing, the recorded amounts generally represent our cost of the investment less any adjustments we make when we determine that an investment's carrying value is other-than-temporarily impaired. These investments totaled $18 million and $19 million at June 30, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and were included in "Other non-current assets, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The process of assessing whether a particular equity investment's fair value is less than its carrying cost requires a significant amount of judgment due to the lack of a mature and stable public market for these securities. In making this judgment among other factors, we consider the investee's most recent financial results, cash position, recent cash flow data, projected cash flows (both short and long-term), financing needs, recent financing rounds, most recent valuation data, the current investing environment, management or ownership changes and competition. This process is based primarily on information that we request and receive from these privately-held companies and is performed on a quarterly basis. Although we evaluate all of our privately-held equity investments for impairment based on the criteria established above, each investment's fair value is only estimated when events or changes in circumstances have occurred that may have a significant effect on its fair value (because the fair value of each investment is not readily determinable). Where these factors indicate that the equity investment's fair value is less than its carrying cost and where we consider such reduction in value to be other than temporary, we record an impairment charge to reduce such equity investment to its estimated fair value. We recognized gains on sales, net of impairment charges, related to our investments in privately-held companies of $0 million, $19 million and $3 million for fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, which was reflected in "Gain on equity investments, net".
Investments in venture capital funds and other joint ventures totaled $13 million and $14 million at June 30, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and were accounted for using the equity method of accounting and included in "Other non-current assets, net" in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We recorded income of $2 million, $0 million and $3 million for fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, related to these investments which was reflected in "Gain on equity investments, net."
From time to time, we enter into securities lending agreements with financial institutions to enhance investment income. Selected securities are loaned and are secured by collateral equal to an average of 102% of the fair market value of the securities. Collateral is in the form of cash or securities issued and our securities lending agent has provided us with counterparty indemnification in the event of borrower default. Loaned securities continue to be classified as investment assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash collateral is recorded as an asset with a corresponding liability. For lending agreements collateralized by securities, no accompanying asset or liability is recorded as we are not permitted to sell or repledge the associated collateral. The maximum amount loaned under our securities lending program in fiscal 2009 was $229 million. As of June 30, 2009, there were no outstanding securities lending transactions.
 
Bad Debt Reserves
We evaluate the collectibility of our accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. In cases where we are aware of circumstances that may impair a specific customer's ability to meet its financial obligations to us, we record a specific allowance against amounts due to us and thereby reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we reasonably believe will be collected. For all other customers, we record allowances for doubtful accounts based on the length of time the receivables are past due, the current business environment and our historical experience. For the years ended June 30, 2009, 2008 and 2007, our bad debt reserve activity was as follows (in millions):
 
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first in, first out) or market (net realizable value). Inventory in-transit (included in finished goods) consists of products shipped but not recognized as revenue because they did not meet the revenue recognition criteria. We evaluate our ending inventories for estimated excess quantities and obsolescence. This evaluation includes analysis of sales levels by product and projections of future demand within specific time horizons (generally six months or less). Inventories in excess of future demand are reserved. In addition, we assess the impact of changing technology on our inventory-on-hand and we write-off inventories that are considered obsolete.
Long-lived Assets
Property, Plant and Equipment, net
Property, plant and equipment, net, is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives for machinery and equipment range from one to ten years, buildings and building improvements range from five to thirty-five years and furniture and fixtures range from five to ten years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the life of the lease or the assets, whichever is shorter. Land is not depreciated.
Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill
Long-lived assets, such as property, plant and equipment and purchased identifiable intangible assets with finite lives, are evaluated for impairment semi-annually in accordance with our policy and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" (SFAS 144). We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets (other than goodwill) by comparing the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets against their respective carrying amounts. The amount of an impairment, if any, is calculated based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets.
Goodwill
We test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis (or whenever events occur which may indicate possible impairment) in accordance with SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," (SFAS 142). We perform the impairment analysis at one level below the operating segment level (see Note 15) as defined in SFAS 142. This analysis requires management to make a series of critical assumptions to: (1) evaluate whether any impairment exists and (2) measure the amount of impairment.
In testing for a potential impairment of goodwill, SFAS 142 requires us to: (1) allocate goodwill to our various businesses to which the acquired goodwill relates; (2) estimate the fair value of those businesses to which goodwill relates; and (3) determine the carrying value (book value) of those businesses, as some of the assets and liabilities related to those businesses, such as accounts receivable and property, plant and equipment, are not held by those businesses but by functional departments (for example, our Global Sales and Services organization and Worldwide Operations organization). Prior to this allocation of the assets to the reporting units, we are required to assess long-lived assets for impairment in accordance with SFAS 144. Furthermore, if the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value for a particular business, then we are required to estimate
 
the fair value of all identifiable assets and liabilities of the business in a manner similar to a purchase price allocation for an acquired business. This can require independent valuations of certain internally generated and unrecognized intangible assets such as in-process research and development and developed technology. Only after this process is completed can the goodwill impairment be determined, if any.
In estimating the fair value of the businesses with recognized goodwill for the purposes of our annual or periodic analysis, we make estimates and judgments about the future cash flows of these businesses. Our cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In addition, we make certain judgments about allocating shared assets such as accounts receivable and property, plant and equipment to the estimated balance sheet for those businesses. We also consider our market capitalization (adjusted for unallocated monetary assets such as cash, marketable debt securities and debt) on the date we perform the analysis.
Capitalized Software
Costs related to internally-developed software and software purchased for internal use, which are required to be capitalized pursuant to Statement of Position (SOP) No. 98-1, "Accounting for Costs of Computer Software Developed or Obtained for Internal Use," are included in property, plant and equipment under machinery and equipment. As of June 30, 2009 and 2008, we had a balance of $234 million and $378 million, respectively, of capitalized software. At June 30, 2009 and 2008, we had approximately $277 million and $214 million of capitalized software that was not yet in use and, as such, was not yet being amortized. These amounts are related to our multi-year internal systems implementation effort.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Cash deposits in foreign countries of approximately $418 million are subject to local banking laws and may bear higher or lower risk than cash deposited in the United States. As part of our cash and investment management processes, we perform periodic evaluations of the credit standing of the financial institutions and we have not sustained any credit losses from instruments held at these financial institutions.
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade receivables, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts and interest rate instruments. The counterparties to the agreements relating to our investments, foreign exchange contracts and interest rate instruments consist of various major corporations and financial institutions with high credit standing and accordingly we do not believe there is significant risk related to non-performance by these counterparties due to credit risk. With regard to our investment portfolio, we generally limit our exposure to any investment to no more than 5% of our total portfolio excluding U.S. government and agency securities. Our trade receivables are derived primarily from sales of our products and services to end-user customers in diversified industries, as well as various resellers. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition and limit the amount of credit extended when deemed necessary, but generally require no collateral.
Revenue Recognition
We enter into revenue arrangements to sell products (hardware and software) and services in which we are obligated to deliver to our customers multiple products and/or services (multiple deliverables). Revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables are evaluated to determine if the deliverables (items) can be divided into more than one unit of accounting. An item can generally be considered a separate unit of accounting if all of the following criteria are met:
 
 
 
Items that do not meet these criteria are combined into a single unit of accounting. If there is objective and reliable evidence of fair value for all units of accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the separate units of accounting based on their relative fair values. In cases where there is objective and reliable evidence of the fair value of the undelivered item(s) in an arrangement but no such evidence for the delivered item(s), the residual method is used to allocate the arrangement consideration. For units of accounting which include more than one deliverable, we generally defer all revenue for the unit of accounting until the period in which the last undelivered item is delivered. The revenue policies described below are then applied to each unit of accounting.
We recognize revenue when the following criteria are met: 1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; 2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; 3) the sales price is fixed or determinable; and 4) collectibility is reasonably assured.
 
Our standard agreements generally do not include customer acceptance provisions. However, if there is a customer acceptance provision or there is uncertainty about customer acceptance, the associated revenue is deferred until we have evidence of customer acceptance.
Products Revenue
Products revenue for sales to end-user customers, resellers and distributors (Channel Partners) is recognized upon the passage of title only if all other applicable revenue recognition criteria are met. These criteria include the price to the buyer being substantially fixed or determinable at the date of sale and the amount of future returns being able to be reasonably estimated. When we are not able to meet these criteria at the time of sale to our stocking Channel Partners, we defer revenue until these criteria are met, generally at the time products are sold-out of Channel Partner stocking inventory. Our program offerings to certain of our Channel Partners provide for the limited right to return our product for stock rotation. When applicable, we reduce revenue for rights to return our product based upon our historical experience. End-user customers generally do not have return rights. In accordance with contractual provisions, we offer price protection to certain of our Channel Partners and margin protection on certain transactions. When applicable, we reduce revenue based upon announced price adjustments and historical experience. In accordance with contractual provisions, we may offer cooperative marketing funds based on a fixed dollar percentage of product sales to certain of our Channel Partners. We record such amounts as a reduction to revenue or, if we have evidence of fair value of the advertising benefit received, as marketing expense.
In addition, we sell products to leasing companies that, in turn, lease these products to end-users. In transactions where the leasing companies have no recourse to us in the event of default by the end-user, we recognize revenue at point of shipment or point of delivery, depending on the shipping terms and if all the other revenue recognition criteria have been met. In arrangements where the leasing companies have more than insignificant recourse to us in the event of default by the end-user (defined as recourse leasing), we recognize both the product revenue and the related cost of the product as the payments are made to the leasing company by the end-user, generally ratably over the lease term. We had deferred revenue and related deferred costs of $28 million and $11 million at June 30, 2009 and $12 million and $5 million, at June 30, 2008, respectively, related to recourse leases which will be recognized in future periods.
For revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables that include or represent software products and services as well as any non-software deliverables for which a software deliverable is essential to its functionality, we apply the accounting guidance in SOP 97-2, "Software Revenue Recognition" (SOP 97-2), in determining the timing of revenue recognition. The criteria assessed include the following: 1) the functionality of the delivered element(s) is not dependent on the undelivered element; 2) there is specific objective evidence of fair value of the undelivered element(s) and 3) delivery of the delivered element(s) represents the culmination of the earnings process for those element(s). If these criteria are not met, revenue is deferred until such criteria are met or until the last element is delivered. For arrangements within the scope of SOP 97-2, revenue is recognized ratably only in situations where one of the limited exceptions described in paragraph 12 of SOP 97-2 is met, such as where we agree to deliver unspecified additional software products in the future.
Services Revenue
Maintenance contract revenue is generally recognized ratably over the contractual period. Educational Services revenue is recognized as the services are rendered. Time and material and fixed price Professional Services contract revenue is recognized as the Professional Services are rendered, or upon completion of the services contract. If we can reliably evaluate progress to completion (based on total projected hours to be incurred as compared with hours already incurred), we recognize the revenue as the services are rendered and recognize the related costs as they are incurred. In instances where we cannot reliably estimate the total projected hours, we recognize revenue and the associated costs upon completion of the services contract. For fixed price Professional Services contracts when the current estimates of total contract revenue and contract cost indicate a loss, the estimated loss is recognized in the period the loss becomes evident.
Settlements Gains
Periodically, we are engaged, along with other parties, in disputes with certain of our vendors. Upon favorable settlement of these disputes, when recovery is deemed probable and collectibility is reasonably assured, we accrue for our settlement portion. In situations where collectibility is not reasonably assured, we recognize our settlement portion on a cash basis. For the year ended June 30, 2009, we recognized approximately $60 million as an offset to cost of sales. For the years ended June 30, 2008 and 2007, these types of recoveries were not material.
 
Research and Development Expenditures
Costs related to the research, design and development of products are charged to research and development expenses as incurred. Software development costs are capitalized beginning when a product's technological feasibility has been established and ending when a product is available for general release to customers. Generally, our products are released soon after technological feasibility has been established. As a result, costs subsequent to achieving technological feasibility have not been significant and all software development costs have been expensed as incurred.
Shipping Costs
Our shipping and handling costs for product sales are included in cost of sales for all periods presented.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs consist of development and placement costs of our advertising campaigns and are charged to expense when incurred. Advertising expense was $13 million, $32 million and $25 million for fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.
Self-Insurance
We maintain a program of insurance with third-party insurers for certain property, casualty and other risks. The policies are subject to deductibles and exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. We retain risk with regard to (i) certain loss events, such as California earthquakes and the indemnification or defense payments we, as a company, may make to or on behalf of our directors and officers as a result of obligations under applicable agreements, our by-laws and applicable law, (ii) potential liabilities under a number of health and welfare insurance plans that we sponsor for our employees and (iii) other potential liabilities that are not insured. The types and amounts of insurance obtained vary from time to time and from location to location, depending on availability, cost and our decisions with respect to risk retention. Our worldwide risk and insurance programs are regularly evaluated to seek to obtain the most favorable terms and conditions. We reserve for loss accruals, which are primarily calculated using actuarial methods. These loss accruals include amounts for actual claims, claim growth and claims incurred but not yet reported. Actual experience, including claim frequency and severity as well as inflation, could result in different liabilities than the amounts currently recorded.
Foreign Currency Translation
We translate the assets and liabilities of our international non-U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into dollars at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated using rates that approximate those in effect during the period. Translation adjustments are included in stockholders' equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets caption "Accumulated other comprehensive income." Currency transaction gains (losses), net of our hedging activities (see Note 4), derived from monetary assets and liabilities stated in a currency other than the functional currency, are recognized in current operations and were ($16) million, $14 million and $6 million in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The effect of foreign currency rate changes on cash and cash equivalents was approximately $51 million in fiscal 2009 and was not material in 2008 and 2007.
Recent Pronouncements
: In November 2007, the FASB ratified EITF 07-1, "Accounting for Collaborative Arrangements," (EITF 07-1). EITF 07-1 requires collaborators to present the result of activities for which they act as the principal on a gross basis and report any payments received from (made to) other collaborators based on other applicable GAAP or, in the absence of other applicable GAAP, based on analogy to authoritative accounting literature or a reasonable, rational and consistently applied accounting policy election. In addition, a participant in a collaborative arrangement should provide the following disclosures separately for each collaborative arrangement: (a) the nature and purpose of the arrangement, (b) its rights and obligations under the collaborative arrangement, (c) the accounting policy for the arrangement in accordance with APB Opinion 22, "Disclosure of Accounting Policies," and (d) the income statement classification and amounts arising from the collaborative arrangement between participants for each period an income statement is presented. EITF 07-1 will be effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2008 and we are required to adopt the pronouncement in our first quarter of fiscal 2010. We are currently evaluating the impact that EITF 07-1 will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Collaborative Arrangements
: In December 2007, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 141(R), "Business Combinations" (SFAS 141(R)) and SFAS No. 160, "Non-Controlling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements, an Amendment of ARB No. 51," (SFAS 160). These new standards will significantly change the accounting for and reporting for business combination transactions and non-controlling interests in Consolidated Financial Statements. SFAS 141(R) and
Business Combinations
 
SFAS 160 are required to be adopted simultaneously and are effective for the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008 and we are required to adopt the pronouncement in the first quarter of our fiscal 2010. In connection with the retrospective adoption of FSP APB 14-1, the Company concluded that the adoption of SFAS 160 did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. SFAS 157-2, "Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157," (FSP SFAS 157-2). FSP SFAS 157-2 amends SFAS 157, to delay the effective date of SFAS 157 for nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities, except for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. For items within its scope, FSP SFAS 157-2 defers the effective date of SFAS 157 to fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years and we are required to adopt the pronouncement in our first quarter of fiscal 2010. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting FSP SFAS 157-2 on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Fair Value:
: In April 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 142-3, "Determination of the Useful Life of Intangible Assets," (FSP 142-3). FSP 142-3 amends the factors that should be considered in developing renewal or extension assumptions used to determine the useful life of a recognized intangible asset under FASB Statement No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets and requires enhanced related disclosures. FSP 142-3 must be applied prospectively to all intangible assets acquired as of and subsequent to fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008 and we are required to adopt the pronouncement in our first quarter of fiscal 2010. We are currently evaluating the impact, if any, that FSP 142-3 will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Intangibles
"
: In June 2008, the FASB issued EITF Issue No. 07-5, "Determining Whether an Instrument (or Embedded Feature) Is Indexed to an Entity's Own Stock(EITF 07-5). EITF 07-5 provides guidance on determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument, or embedded feature, is indexed to an entity's own stock. EITF 07-5 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and we are required to adopt EITF 07-5 in our first quarter of fiscal 2010. We are currently evaluating the impact that EITF 07-5 will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Instruments Indexed To An Entities Stock
,"
In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 132(R)-1, "Employers' Disclosures about Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets, " (FSP FAS 132(R)-1). FSP FAS 132(R)-1 amends SFAS 132(R), Employers' Disclosures about Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits," to provide guidance on an employer's disclosures about plan assets of a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan. FSP FAS 132(R)-1 is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2009 and we are required to adopt FSP FAS 132(R)-1 in our first quarter of fiscal 2010. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting FSP FAS 132(R)-1 will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Defined Benefit Plan Disclosures:
In April 2009 the FASB issued, and we adopted, FSP FAS 157-4, "Determining Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly Decreased and Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly," (FSP FAS 157-4). FSP FAS 157-4 affirms that in an inactive market, fair value is the price to sell the asset in an orderly transaction and clarifies and includes additional factors for determining inactive markets. FSP FAS 157-4 did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Fair Value and Decreasing Volume and Transactions that are not Orderly:
In April 2009, the FASB issued and we adopted FSP FAS 107-1 and APB 28-1, "Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments," ( FSP FAS 107-1 and APB 28-1). This FSP FAS 107-1 and APB 28-1 requires FAS 107 disclosures related to the fair value of its financial instruments when summarized financial information is presented for interim reporting periods. FSP FAS 107-1 and APB 28-1 did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Interim Disclosures about Fair Value:
In May 2009, the FASB issued and we adopted SFAS No. 165, "Subsequent Events," (SFAS 165). SFAS 165 establishes general standards of accounting for and disclosure of events that occur after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or are available to be issued. SFAS 165 requires the disclosure of the date through which an entity has evaluated subsequent events and the basis for that date, that is, whether the date represents the date the financial statements were issued or were available to be issued.
Subsequent Events:
In accordance with SFAS 165, the Company has evaluated subsequent events through August 28, 2009, the original date of the issuance of Consolidated Financial Statements, except with respect to the retrospective adoption of accounting principles, as to which the date is April 7, 2010, the date of reissuance of the Consolidated Financial Statements. During the period from July 1, 2009 to August 28, 2009, the Company did not have any material recognizable subsequent events other than those disclosed in Note 17.
 
On July 1, 2008, we adopted SFAS No. 157 "Fair Value Measurements," (SFAS 157), for all financial assets and financial liabilities. SFAS 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and enhances fair value measurement disclosure. The adoption of SFAS 157 did not have a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements, and the
 
resulting fair values calculated under SFAS 157 after adoption were not significantly different than the fair values that would have been calculated under previous guidance. We did not elect to adopt SFAS 157 for acquired non-financial assets and assumed non-financial liabilities. On July 1, 2008, we also adopted SFAS No. 159, "The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial LiabilitiesIncluding an amendment of FASB Statement No. 115," (SFAS 159). SFAS 159 permits companies to choose to measure certain financial instruments and other items at fair value using an instrument-by-instrument election. The standard requires that unrealized gains and losses are reported in earnings for items measured using the fair value option. SFAS 159 also requires cash flows from purchases, sales, and maturities of trading securities to be classified based on the nature and purpose for which the securities were acquired. Our debt and equity instruments offsetting deferred compensation will continue to be classified as operating activities as they are maintained to offset changes in liabilities related to the equity market risk of certain deferred compensation arrangements. SFAS 159 does not allow for retrospective application to periods prior to fiscal year 2008, therefore all trading asset activity for prior periods will continue to be presented as operating activities. As we did not elect to fair value any of our current financial instruments under the provisions of SFAS 159, our adoption of this statement did not have an impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
SFAS 157 establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. There are three levels of inputs to fair value measurements: Level 1, the use of quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets; Level 2, the use of quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or are directly or indirectly observable or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and Level 3, the use of unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities.
Many, but not all, of our financial instruments are carried at fair value. For example, substantially all of our cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments are classified as available-for-sale securities and are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported in other comprehensive income or as an adjustment to other income (expense), net.
Our cash equivalents and marketable debt and equity securities are classified within Level 1 or Level 2. This is because our cash equivalents and marketable debt and equity securities are valued using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs. Our foreign currency derivative contracts are classified within Level 2 because of the use of observable inputs for similar derivative instruments in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active or are directly or indirectly observable.
Fair Value Measurements
Information about certain of our financial assets as of June 30, 2009 (in millions):
 
 
 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
Cash equivalents and accounts receivable are carried at cost as this approximates fair value due to their short term nature. For short-term and long-term marketable debt securities, estimates of fair value are based on market prices. At June 30, the fair values of our short-term and long-term marketable debt securities were as follows (in millions):
 
 
 
We only invest in marketable debt securities with a minimum rating of BBB- or above from a nationally recognized credit rating agency at time of original purchase. At June 30, 2009, we had investments in debt instruments of five issuers equal to or exceeding 2% of the fair market value of our marketable debt securities, including cash equivalents, of $2,581 million. At June 30, 2009, investment concentration by issuer was as follows (dollars in millions):
 
 
Net realized losses before taxes on marketable debt securities totaled $30 million, $4 million and $0 million in fiscal 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively, and were recorded in Interest and other income, net. The cost of securities sold during the year was determined based on the specific identification method.
The following table summarizes the fair value and gross unrealized losses related to available-for-sale securities, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of June 30, 2009 (in millions):
 
Corporate Notes and Bonds
Our unrealized losses on investments in corporate notes and bonds were caused by interest rate fluctuations and adverse market conditions and not by the credit deterioration of the individual issuers. Because the decline in market value is not attributed to changes in credit quality, we intend to hold those investments until recovery of fair value, which may be at maturity, and it is not more likely than not that the investments will be required to be sold before recovery, we do not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at June 30, 2009.
Asset Backed and Mortgage Backed Securities
Our unrealized losses on investments in asset backed and mortgage backed securities were caused by interest rate fluctuations and adverse market conditions and not by the credit loss. Because the decline in market value is not attributed to changes in credit quality, we intend to hold those investments until recovery of fair value, which may be at maturity, and it is not more likely than not that the investments will be required to be sold before recovery, we do not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at June 30, 2009.
 
At June 30, 2009, the cost and estimated fair values of short-term and long-term marketable debt securities (excluding cash equivalents) by contractual maturity were as follows (in millions):
 
Asset and mortgage-backed securities were classified based on their contractual maturity.
During fiscal 2009, we determined that the declines in the fair value for certain of our marketable debt securities were other-than-temporary due to the significant deterioration of the financial condition of the investees and our expectation that the investment would not fully recover, or would not recover before they were sold. As a result, we recorded a credit component of other-than temporary impairment losses of approximately of $28 million, as adjustments to interest and other income (expense), net, in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. The noncredit component of these impairment losses, which is recognizable in accumulated other comprehensive income, was immaterial. See Note 2, section "Investments", for additional details.
Foreign Exchange and Interest Rate Contracts
Foreign currency forward contracts, interest-rate swap agreements and foreign currency option contracts are financial instruments with carrying values that approximate fair value. The fair value of foreign currency forward contracts is based on the estimated amount at which they could be settled based on market exchange rates. The fair value of the interest-rate swap agreements and the foreign currency option contracts is obtained from dealer quotes and represents the estimated amount we would receive or pay to terminate the agreements. However, analysis of market data is required to develop these estimates of fair value. Accordingly, the estimates presented herein are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that we could realize in a current market exchange.
Liabilities
Accounts payable, other accrued expenses and short-term debt are financial liabilities with carrying values that approximate the fair value. For our publicly traded Senior Notes, estimates of fair value are based on a calculation that uses market prices of similar instruments. For other debt, fair value is estimated based on rates currently available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. See Note 9, " for details.
Borrowing
Arrangements"
4.    Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
On December 29, 2008, we adopted SFAS No. 161, "Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities  An Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133," (SFAS 161). SFAS 161 expanded the disclosure requirements for derivative instruments and hedging activities. Under SFAS 161, we have provided enhanced disclosures addressing how and why we use derivative instruments, how we account for derivative instruments and related hedged items under SFAS No. 133 "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, as amended" (SFAS 133) and its related interpretations, and how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect our financial position, financial performance and cash flows.
SFAS 133 requires us to recognize all of our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in our statement of operations at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship. For those derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments, we must designate the hedging instrument based upon the exposure being hedged as a cash flow hedge or a fair value hedge. All derivatives are recognized in our Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value in accordance with SFAS 157 (see Note 3, Fair Value) and are reported in Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net, and Accrued liabilities and other. Classification of all of our derivatives are current because the maturity of the instrument is less than 12 months.
We are exposed to certain risks relating to our ongoing business operations. The primary risks managed by using derivative instruments are foreign currency exchange rate risk and interest rate risk. Option and forward contracts on various foreign currencies are entered into to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk on forecasted revenue and inventory purchases denominated in foreign currencies. Other forward foreign exchange contracts are entered into to hedge against changes in the functional currency value of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a non functional currency. We also use natural hedges by purchasing components and incurring expenses in local currencies.
 
We are exposed to interest rate risk that is generated by our corporate borrowing activities. Our management has decided that it will have discretion over the levels of fixed and floating rate interest rate exposure present in our debt portfolios, and that derivative instruments may be employed to achieve a desired mix. Approved financial instruments for managing interest rate risk are limited to plain vanilla interest rate swaps.
Gross fair value of derivatives:
 
 
Cash Flow Hedges
We have significant international sales and purchase transactions denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we purchase currency option and forward contracts as cash flow hedges to reduce certain foreign currency exposures that can be identified and quantified. These contracts expire within 12 months. We are primarily exposed to changes in exchange rates for the Euro, Japanese Yen and British Pound.
Our hedging contracts are primarily intended to protect against changes in the value of the U.S. dollar. Accordingly, for forecasted transactions, U.S. dollar functional subsidiaries hedge foreign currency revenues and non-U.S. dollar functional subsidiaries selling in foreign currencies hedge U.S. dollar inventory purchases. Changes in the fair value of our derivatives designated as a cash flow hedge are recorded, net of applicable taxes, in the accumulated other comprehensive income, a component of stockholders' equity. When net income is affected by the variability of the underlying cash flow, the applicable offsetting amount of the gain or loss from the derivative that is deferred in stockholders' equity is released to revenue and cost of sales, and reported in the Consolidated Statement of Operations based on the nature of the underlying cash flow hedged. The net gains or losses relating to ineffectiveness were not material for fiscal 2009.
 
 
Fair Value Hedges
We enter into interest rate derivatives to modify our aggregate exposure to interest rates generated by our borrowing activities. Interest rate derivatives will not be entered into on a regular basis, but when there is a desire to modify our interest rate exposure with respect to our fixed rate borrowings or other ordinary obligations. These transactions are characterized as "fair value" hedges for financial accounting purposes because they protect us against changes in the fair value of our fixed rate borrowings or other obligations due to interest rate movements. Interest rate derivatives in this category will be denominated in the same currency as the relevant hedged debt instrument. For our Senior Notes, we have hedged against the risk of changes in fair value associated with their fixed interest rate by entering into fixed-to-variable interest rate swap agreements, designated as fair value hedges, of which four are outstanding, with a total notional amount of $550 million as of June 30, 2009. Our Senior Notes are due on August 15, 2009 (see Note 9).
The gains and losses on our fair value hedges, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in current earnings during the period of change in fair values. If the change in the value of the hedging instrument offsets the change in the value of the hedged item, the hedge is considered perfectly effective. Hedge effectiveness is measured at least quarterly based on the relative change in fair value between the derivative contract and the hedged item over time. Any change in fair value resulting from ineffectiveness, which is the amount by which the change in the value of the hedge does not exactly offset the change in the value of the hedged item, is recognized immediately in earnings. Our interest rate swaps qualify as perfectly effective fair value hedges and therefore there is no ineffective portion to the hedge recognized in earnings. Adjustments to the fair value of the interest rate swap agreements are recorded as either an other asset or other liability. The differential to be paid or received under these agreements is accrued consistently with the terms of the agreements and is recognized in interest expense over the term of the related debt. The related amounts payable to or receivable from counterparties are included in other assets, or accrued liabilities.
Non SFAS 133 Balance Sheet Hedging Strategy
Our balance sheet hedges are designed to hedge the gains and losses generated by remeasurement of nonfunctional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. The program is designed so that hedging transactions are entered into to reduce or eliminate the risk that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will adversely impact the functional currency value of nonfunctional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. To manage these foreign currency risk exposures, we enter into forward contracts to offset the recognized remeasurement gains and losses. These contracts are entered into at the beginning of a designated fiscal month and mature after the end of such month. In some cases, these transactions may be entered into in the middle of the month to adjust existing hedges for changes in existing or anticipated nonfunctional currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities. These are generally hedges of less than 3 months in duration.
Currency transaction gains (losses), net of our hedging activities derived from monetary assets and liabilities stated in a currency other than the functional currency, are recognized in Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Losses recognized in SG&A expense on non-designated foreign exchange contracts was $114 million in fiscal 2009.
Credit Risk
We manage our counterparty credit risk by monitoring the financial health of the banks with whom we have option and forward contracts on foreign currency and interest rate swaps by analyzing the banks' credit rating and the Credit Default Swap (CDS) spread, or the price, denominated in basis points, to obtain a contract to protect against default of an underlying financial instrument. A company with a higher CDS spread is considered more likely to default by the market. Our option or forward contracts do not have credit risk related contingent features such as the requirement for immediate payment of any net liability position in the event a rating agency were to downgrade our Senior Notes.
Derivative Activity
We had the following net outstanding foreign currency contracts (in millions of USD):
 
 
5.    Balance Sheet Details
Inventories
At June 30, Inventories consisted of the following (in millions):
 
As of June 30, 2009 and 2008, our inventory balances were net of reserves of approximately $83 million and $88 million, respectively.
Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets, Net
At June 30, Prepaid expenses and other current assets, net, consisted of the following (in millions):
 
Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
On January 25, 2008, we sold our Louisville, Colorado facility which included buildings, leasehold improvements and land, in a sale-leaseback transaction for $58.5 million in cash, net of $1.5 million of closing costs. We recognized the entire gain of $28 million in our fiscal year ended June 30, 2008, as an offset to our selling, general and administrative expenses in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Cash received from the transaction was netted against purchases of property, plant and equipment in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow. In conjunction with the transaction, we entered into a lease for the same facility. Under the terms of the agreement, we leased certain portions of the facility until December 31, 2008. We did not retain more than a minor portion of the property as the present value of the rental for this leaseback represents less than ten percent of the fair value of the asset sold. Accordingly, we recognized the entire gain on disposal in the financial statements for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2008.
We committed to the closure of our Newark, California facility as a result of the restructuring plan during fiscal 2006. Management estimated the fair value of these assets using either available market prices or third-party appraisals and adjusted the carrying value of the facility to its fair value less costs to sell. These adjustments resulted in a $80 million impairment loss for Newark recorded in fiscal 2006. During fiscal 2007, we entered into sale-leaseback transactions for our Newark, California and Burlington, Massachusetts campuses. In July 2006, we sold our Newark facility for approximately $213 million, net of $1 million in closing costs. In June 2007, we sold our Burlington, Massachusetts, facility which included buildings, leasehold improvements and land, in a cash transaction for $212 million, net of $3 million of closing costs and entered into a lease for the same facilities. Under the terms of the agreement, we will lease a majority of the properties until fiscal 2014 and shall have the right to extend the term for two successive periods of five years each, with respect to all of the premises. Of the $90 million gain on the Burlington, Massachusetts transaction, we recognized $39 million in our fiscal year ended June 30, 2007, as an offset to our selling, general and administrative expenses and deferred the remaining $51 million (see Other non-current obligations).
At June 30, Property, plant and equipment, net consisted of the following (in millions):
 
Depreciation expense was $397 million, $377 million and $407 million for fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.
 
Accrued Liabilities and Other
At June 30, Accrued liabilities and other consisted of the following (in millions):
 
Warranty Reserve
We accrue for our product warranty costs at the time of shipment. These product warranty costs are estimated based upon our historical experience and specific identification of product requirements and may fluctuate based on product mix.
The following table sets forth an analysis of warranty reserve activity (in millions):
 
Other Non-Current Obligations
At June 30, Other non-current obligations, consisted of the following (in millions):
 
In connection with the sale-leaseback of our Burlington, Massachusetts, facility we deferred $51 million of the gain on sale in fiscal year 2007. Of the initial amount deferred, $6 million remains in Accrued liabilities and other and $38 million remains in Other non-current obligations at June 30, 2009. The amounts deferred will be amortized as an offset to selling, general and administrative expenses over the remaining lease term. In fiscal year 2009 we recognized $6 million of the deferred gain as an offset to our selling, general and administrative expenses.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
At June 30, the components of Accumulated other comprehensive income, reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity consisted of the following (in millions):
 
 
At June 30, the net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments consisted of the following (in millions):
 
6.    Business Combinations
A summary of our acquisitions for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009 and 2008 is included in the following table (in millions). Acquisitions in fiscal 2007 were immaterial:
 
Acquisitions in Fiscal 2009
During fiscal 2009, we acquired one company and purchased certain technology and development assets for a total purchase price of approximately $58 million. We recorded approximately $40 million of goodwill, $15 million of identifiable intangible assets and $3 million of in-process research and development in connection with this acquisition. We have included the effects of this transaction in our results of operations prospectively from the respective dates of the acquisition. Projects that qualify for treatment as IPRD have not yet reached technological feasibility and have no alternative use.
Acquisitions Prior to 2009
On February 25, 2008, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of MySQL, a company based in Uppsala, Sweden, for approximately $904 million including $797 million in cash, assumed employee stock options with a fair value (estimated using the Black-Scholes model) of approximately $102 million and transaction costs of $5 million. The options assumed in the acquisition were converted into options to purchase 11.9 million shares of our common stock. MySQL provides open source and proprietary database technology and software as well as services, to a wide range of customers in different industry segments and stages of growth.
During fiscal 2008, we acquired three other companies and purchased certain technology and development assets for a total purchase price of approximately $163 million. We recorded approximately $103 million of goodwill, $57 million of identifiable intangible assets and $3 million of in-process research and development in connection with these acquisitions. We have included the effects of these transactions in our results of operations prospectively from the respective dates of the acquisitions. Projects that qualify for treatment as IPRD have not yet reached technological feasibility and have no alternative use.
Pro forma results of operations have not been presented for MySQL or our other acquisitions because the effects of these acquisitions were not material to our consolidated results of operations on either an individual or on an aggregate basis.
IPRD
For all of our acquisitions, the amounts allocated to purchased IPRD were determined through established valuation techniques in the high-technology industry and were expensed upon acquisition because technological feasibility had not been established
 
and no future alternative uses existed. Technological feasibility is defined as being equivalent to a beta-phase working prototype in which there is no remaining risk relating to the development. Research and development costs to bring the products from the acquired companies to technological feasibility are not expected to have a material impact on our future results of operations or cash flows.
The value assigned to IPRD was determined by considering the importance of each project to the overall development plan, estimating costs to develop the purchased IPRD into commercially viable products, estimating the resulting net cash flows from the projects when completed and discounting the net cash flows to their present value. The revenue estimates used to value the purchased IPRD were based on estimates of the relevant market sizes and growth factors, expected trends in technology and the nature and expected timing of new product introductions.
The rates utilized to discount the net cash flows to their present values were based on weighted-average cost of capital. The weighted-average cost of capital was adjusted to reflect the difficulties and uncertainties in completing each project and thereby achieving technological feasibility, the percentage of completion of each project, anticipated market acceptance and penetration, market growth rates and risks related to the impact of potential changes in future target markets. Based on these factors, discount rates that generally range from 12% to 22% were deemed appropriate for valuing the purchased IPRD.
The estimates used in valuing IPRD were based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur. Accordingly, actual results may differ from the projected results.
7.    Goodwill and Other Acquisition-related Intangible Assets, Net
Information regarding our goodwill by operating segment is as follows (in millions):
 
Information regarding our other acquisition-related intangible assets is as follows (in millions):
 
 
Amortization expense of other acquisition-related intangible assets was $296 million and $310 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009 and June 30, 2008. Our acquisition-related intangible assets are amortized generally over periods ranging between one and five years on a straight-line basis.
 
Estimated amortization expense for other acquisition-related intangible assets on our June 30, 2009 balance sheet for the fiscal years ending June 30, is as follows (in millions):
 
In accordance with SFAS 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" (SFAS 142), we apply a fair value based impairment test to the net book value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis and, if certain events or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss may have been incurred, on an interim basis. The analysis of potential impairment of goodwill requires a two-step process. The first step is the estimation of fair value. If step one indicates that impairment potentially exists, the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. Goodwill impairment exists when the estimated fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value.
During our quarter ended September 28, 2008, based on a combination of factors, including the current economic environment, our operating results, and a sustained decline in our market capitalization, we concluded that there were sufficient indicators to require us to perform an interim goodwill impairment analysis as of September 28, 2008. As a result, during the first quarter of fiscal 2009, we recorded an impairment charge of $1,445 million which represented our best estimate of the resulting goodwill impairment. We completed our goodwill impairment analysis during the second quarter of fiscal 2009. For the purposes of this analysis, our estimates of fair value were based on a combination of the income approach, which estimates the fair value of our reporting units based on the future discounted cash flows, and the market approach, which estimates the fair value of our reporting units based on comparable market prices. There was no change in the second quarter of fiscal 2009 to the $1,445 million non-cash goodwill impairment charges estimated and recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. In connection with completing our goodwill impairment analysis, we reviewed our long-lived tangible and intangible assets within the impaired reporting unit under SFAS 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." We determined that the forecasted undiscounted cashflows related to these assets or asset groups were in excess of their carrying values, and therefore these assets were not impaired.
8.    Restructuring Charges and Related Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
In accordance with SFAS 112, "Employers' Accounting for Post Employment Benefits" (SFAS 112) and SFAS 146, "Accounting for Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities" (SFAS 146), we recognized a total of $395 million, $263 million and $97 million in restructuring and related impairment of long-lived assets for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The determination of when we accrue for severance costs and which standard applies depends on whether the termination benefits are provided under a one-time benefit arrangement as defined by SFAS 146 or under an on-going benefit arrangement as described in SFAS 112.
We estimated the cost of exiting and terminating our facility leases or acquired leases by referring to the contractual terms of the agreements and by evaluating the current real estate market conditions. In addition, we have estimated sublease income by evaluating the current real estate market conditions or, where applicable, by referring to amounts being negotiated. Our ability to generate this amount of sublease income, as well as our ability to terminate lease obligations at the amounts we have estimated, is highly dependent upon the commercial real estate market conditions in certain geographies at the time we perform our evaluations or negotiate the lease termination and sublease arrangements with third parties. The amounts we have accrued represent our best estimate of the obligations we expect to incur and could be subject to adjustment as market conditions change.
Restructuring Plan IX
In November 2008, we initiated a restructuring plan to further align our resources with our strategic business objectives through reducing our workforce by approximately 5,000 to 6,000 employees. Under this plan, we estimate in total that we will incur between $500 million to $700 million in severance and benefit costs. Through the end of fiscal year 2009, we notified approximately 4,200 employees and recognized total related severance and benefit costs of $303 million. The remainder of the estimated costs under this restructuring plan are expected to be incurred through the end of fiscal 2010.
 
Restructuring Plan VIII
In May 2008, we initiated a restructuring plan to further align our resources with our strategic business objectives. Under this plan, we estimate in total that we will incur between $170 million to $220 million in severance and benefit costs. Through the end of fiscal year 2009, we notified 1,950 employees and recognized total related severance and benefit costs of $167 million. All employees to be terminated under these plans have been notified and all facilities relating to the amounts accrued under these restructuring plans have been exited.
Restructuring Plan VII
In August 2007, we initiated a restructuring plan to further align our resources with our strategic business objectives (Restructuring Plan VII). Through the end of fiscal year 2009, we notified approximately 1,450 employees of their termination and recognized total related severance and benefit costs of $131 million. Additionally, we incurred $6 million in expenses related to facilities other restructuring related charges. All employees to be terminated under these plans have been notified and all facilities relating to the amounts accrued under these restructuring plans have been exited.
Restructuring Plans Prior to Phase VII
Prior to the initiation of Restructuring Plans VII, VIII and IX, we implemented certain workforce reduction and facilities exit actions. All employees to be terminated under these plans have been notified and all facilities relating to the amounts accrued under these restructuring plans have been exited.
The following table sets forth an analysis of our restructuring accrual activity (in millions):
 
The restructuring charges are based on estimates that are subject to change. Changes to the previous estimates have been reflected as "Provision adjustments" on the table in the period the changes in estimates were determined. As of June 30, 2009, our estimated sublease income to be generated from sublease contracts not yet negotiated approximated $17 million. Accrued lease costs include accretion expense associated with the passage of time.
 
The remaining cash expenditures relating to workforce reductions are expected to be paid through the end of fiscal 2010. Our accrual as of June 30, 2009, for facility-related leases (net of anticipated sublease proceeds), will be paid over their respective lease terms through fiscal 2024. As of June 30, 2009, of the total $291 million accrual for workforce reductions and facility-related leases, $151 million was classified as current accrued liabilities and other and the remaining $140 million was classified as other non-current obligations.
We anticipate recording additional charges related to our workforce and facilities reductions over the next several quarters, the timing of which will depend upon the timing of notification of the employees leaving as determined by local employment laws and as we exit facilities.
9.    Borrowing Arrangements
As of June 30, 2009 and 2008, the balance of long-term debt is as follows (in millions):
 
In August 1999, we issued $1.5 billion of unsecured senior debt securities in four tranches (the Senior Notes) of which $550 million is due on August 15, 2009 and bears interest at 7.65%. Interest on the Senior Notes is payable semi-annually. We may redeem all or any part of the Senior Notes at any time at a price equal to 100% of the principal plus accrued and unpaid interest in addition to an amount determined by a quotation agent, representing the present value of the remaining scheduled payments. The Senior Notes are subject to compliance with certain covenants that do not contain financial ratios. We are currently in compliance with these covenants. If we failed to be in compliance with these covenants, the trustee of the Senior Notes or holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the Senior Notes would have the ability to demand immediate payment of all amounts outstanding. In addition, we also entered into various interest-rate swap agreements to modify the interest characteristics of the Senior Notes so that the interest associated with the Senior Notes effectively becomes variable. For our publicly traded Senior Notes, estimates of fair value are based on market prices. For our other debt, fair value is calculated based on rates currently estimated to be available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities.
Interest expense on our Senior Notes, including the effect of related interest rate swap agreements was $17 million, $30 million and $39 million in fiscal 2009, 2008, and 2007, respectively.
On August 17, 2009, we repaid the last tranche of our Senior Notes of $550 million plus accrued interest. In addition, the related interest rate swap was settled.
In January 2007, we issued $350 million principal amount of 0.625% Convertible Senior Notes due February 1, 2012 and $350 million principal amount of 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due February 1, 2014 (the Convertible Notes), to KKR PEI Solar Holdings, I, Ltd., KKR PEI Solar Holdings, II, Ltd. and Citibank, N.A. in a private placement. We received proceeds of $700 million from the Convertible Notes and incurred net transaction costs of approximately $9 million, which were allocated proportionately to the 2012 Notes and the 2014 Notes. The net transaction costs of $9 million included: $8 million paid to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., L.P. (the sponsor) and recorded as a discount on debt in Long-term debt, and $1 million of other costs recorded in Other non-current assets, net. The net transaction costs are being amortized to interest expense ratably over five years for the 2012 Notes and seven years for the 2014 Notes. The Convertible Notes are being carried at cost less
 
unamortized discount. The 2012 Notes and 2014 Notes were each issued at par and bear interest at 0.625% and 0.75% per annum, respectively. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1, beginning August 1, 2007.
Each $1,000 of principal of the Convertible Notes was initially convertible into 34.6619 shares of our common stock (or a total of approximately 24 million shares), which is the equivalent of $28.85 per share, subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of specified events set forth under terms of the Convertible Notes. Upon conversion, we would pay the holder the cash value of the applicable number of shares of our common stock, up to the principal amount of the note. Amounts in excess of the principal amount, if any, may be paid in cash or in stock, at our option. Holders may convert their Convertible Notes into common stock on a net settlement basis prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
Holders who convert their Convertible Notes in connection with a change in control may be entitled to a make-whole premium in the form of an increase in the conversion rate. In addition, upon a change in control, liquidation, dissolution or de-listing, the holders of the Convertible Notes may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their Convertible Notes for 100% of the principal amount. As of June 30, 2009, none of the conditions allowing holders of the Convertible Notes to convert or requiring us to repurchase the Convertible Notes had been met.
Under the terms of the Convertible Notes, we filed a shelf registration statement regarding the Convertible Notes with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, we must maintain the effectiveness of the shelf registration statement until such time as all of the Convertible Notes or underlying shares of our common stock have been sold under the shelf registration statement or Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), or are eligible for sale under Rule 144(k). If we fail to meet these terms, we will be required to pay additional interest on the Convertible Notes in the amount of 0.25% per annum.
Concurrent with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we entered into note hedge transactions with a financial institution whereby we have the option to purchase up to 24 million shares of our common stock at a price of $28.84 per share, and we sold warrants to the same financial institution whereby they have the option to purchase up to 24 million shares of our common stock. The separate note hedge and warrant transactions were structured to reduce the potential future share dilution associated with the conversion of the Convertible Notes.
The note hedge transactions include an option for us to purchase 12.1 million shares expiring on February 1, 2012, and an option to purchase 12.1 million shares expiring on February 1, 2014. The options may be settled in net shares or cash, at our option. The cost of the note hedge transactions to us was approximately $103 million for the five-year call option and $125 million for the seven-year call option, and has been accounted for as an equity transaction in accordance with EITF No. 00-19, "Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company's Own Stock" (EITF No. 00-19). The warrants were issued in two tranches, one to purchase 12.1 million shares expiring in May 2012 with a strike price of $36.92, and one to purchase 12.1 million shares expiring in May 2014 with a strike price of $40.40. The warrants may be settled on a net exercise basis, either in shares of stock or cash, at our option. We received approximately $145 million in cash proceeds from the sale of these warrants. The value of the warrants has been classified as equity because they meet all of the equity classification criteria within EITF No. 00-19.
 
In accordance with SFAS No. 128, Earnings Per Share (SFAS 128), the Convertible Notes will have no impact on diluted earnings per share, or EPS, until the price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price (initially $28.84 per share) because the principal amount of the Convertible Notes will be settled in cash upon conversion. Prior to conversion we will include the effect of the additional shares that may be issued if our common stock price exceeds the conversion price, using the treasury stock method.
Also, in accordance with SFAS 128, the warrants sold in connection with the hedge transactions will have no impact on EPS until our share price exceeds $36.92 for the warrants that expire on May 1, 2012 and $40.40 for the warrants that expire on May 1, 2014. Prior to exercise, we will include the effect of additional shares that may be issued using the treasury stock method. The call options purchased as part of the note hedge transactions are anti-dilutive and therefore will have no impact on EPS.
On August 5, 2009, we gave notice to the holders of our Convertible Notes of an anticipated fundamental change and the holders' ability to convert, in accordance with the indentures governing the Convertible Notes. The notice was given in contemplation of the closing of the proposed acquisition by Oracle through the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle with and into us. See Note 17 for further details on completion of the acquisition and related impact on our Convertible Notes.
Uncommitted lines of credit
At June 30, 2009 and June 30, 2008, we and our subsidiaries had uncommitted lines of credit aggregating approximately $232 million and $277 million, respectively. No amounts were drawn from these lines of credit as of June 30, 2008 and June 30, 2007. Interest rates and other terms of borrowing under these lines of credit vary from country to country depending on local market conditions at the time of borrowing. There is no guarantee that the banks would approve our request for funds under these uncommitted lines of credit.
10.    Income Taxes
Income tax expense is based on pretax financial accounting income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the U.S. GAAP financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse.
In the fiscal years ended June 30, income (loss) before income taxes and the provision for (benefit from) income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):
 
Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
 
Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, at June 30, were as follows (in millions):
 
The following table presents an analysis of our valuation allowance activity (in millions):
 
The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to income before income taxes. The sources and tax effects of the difference, for fiscal years ended June 30, were as follows (in millions):
 
 
The adoption of the FSP APB 14-1 had the effect of decreasing our deferred tax assets and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets by approximately $71 million.
U.S. income taxes have been provided on all undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. As of June 30, 2009, there are no earnings that are considered to be permanently invested in operations outside of the U.S. However, we may elect to permanently invest in operations outside of the U.S. in the future.
As of June 30, 2009, we had aggregate federal net operating loss carryforwards of $698 million. If not utilized, these carryforwards will expire in fiscal years 2012 through 2029. The use of the federal net operating loss carryforwards in any one fiscal year is limited due to prior changes in ownership incurred by acquired companies. As of June 30, 2009, we had aggregate state net operating loss carryforwards of $1,590 million. If not utilized, these carryforwards will expire in fiscal years 2010 through 2029.
As of June 30, 2009, we had aggregate foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $1,073 million. Foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $129 million, if unused, will expire in fiscal years 2011 through 2029. The remaining foreign operating loss carryforwards of $944 million have an indefinite life.
As of June 30, 2009, we had federal and state tax credit carryforwards for income tax purposes of $693 and $388 million, respectively. If not utilized, federal credits of $688 million will expire in fiscal years 2011 through 2029. The remaining federal tax credit carryforwards of $5 million have an indefinite life. State tax credit carryforwards of $55 million will expire in fiscal years 2010 through 2027. The remaining state tax credit carryforwards of $333 million have an indefinite life.
For fiscal 2009, the provision does not reflect the tax savings resulting from deductions associated with our various stock option plans. For fiscal 2008 and 2007, the provision includes a reduction in income taxes payable in the U.S. of $3 million and $24 million, respectively, from deductions associated with our various stock option plans with a credit to stockholders' equity.
Deferred tax assets of approximately $12 million relate to convertible debt. When realized, the reversal of the valuation allowance will be accounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity rather than as a reduction to the income tax provision.
Deferred tax assets of approximately $14 million as of June 30, 2009 pertain to certain net operating loss carryforwards attributable to deductions related to convertible debt. When realized, the reversal of the valuation allowance will be accounted for as a credit to stockholders' equity rather than as a reduction to the income tax provision.
Deferred tax assets of approximately $5 million pertain to certain deductible temporary differences and net operating loss carryforwards acquired in certain purchase business combinations. Any subsequent reduction of that portion of the valuation allowance and the recognition of the associated tax benefits will be recorded to our provision for income taxes upon our adoption of Statement 141(R) in fiscal 2010.
In connection with our fiscal 2009 acquisitions, we recorded $40 million of goodwill. The total amount is expected to be deductible for tax purposes over 15 years. For fiscal 2008, we recorded $814 million of goodwill. Of that total amount, approximately $686 million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes over 15 years. Refer to Footnote 6 of our consolidated financial statements for further information regarding business combinations.
We believe it is more likely than not that $255 million of deferred tax assets will be realized in the foreseeable future. Realization of our net deferred tax assets is dependent upon our generation of sufficient taxable income in future years in appropriate tax jurisdictions to obtain benefit from the reversal of temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards, and from tax credit carryforwards. The amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.
In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent fiscal years and our forecast of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we are responsible for assumptions utilized including the amount of state, federal and international pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses.
On July 1, 2007 we adopted FIN 48. As a result of the implementation of FIN 48, we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on the two-step process prescribed within the interpretation. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
 
We classify our unrecognized tax benefits as other non-current obligations in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits were as follows (in millions):
 
The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $219 million as of June 30, 2009. Of this amount, $98 million would benefit our tax provisions if realized.
Our policy is to recognize interest and penalty expense associated with uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense in the consolidated statements of operations. During fiscal 2009, interest and penalties included in income tax expense was $13 million. For fiscal 2008, interest and penalties included in income tax expense was not material. We had $15 million and $35 million of accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2009 and as of June 30, 2008, respectively.
During fiscal 2008, we settled the Internal Revenue Service income tax audits for fiscal 2003 through 2005. As a result of the settlement of these IRS audits, we reduced our liability for net unrecognized tax benefits by $132 million, of which $4 million resulted in a tax benefit, $27 million resulted in an increase to additional-paid-in-capital and the remainder was offset by utilization of our net operating loss carryovers and reversal of the valuation allowance.
We are currently under examination by the IRS for tax returns filed for fiscal years 2006 and 2007. Although the ultimate outcome is unknown, we have reserved for potential adjustments that may result from the examination and we believe that the final outcome will not have a material effect on our results of operations.
We conduct business globally and, as a result, file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, we are subject to examination by taxing authorities throughout the world, including such major jurisdictions as Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, United Kingdom and the United States. With few exceptions, we are no longer subject to U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. income tax examinations for fiscal years before 2001.
Although the timing of the resolution and/or closure on audits is highly uncertain, it is reasonably possible that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change within the next 12 months. We believe it is reasonably possible that there could be a reduction in our tax liabilities up to $19 million within the next 12 months.
11.    Commitments and Contingencies
Operating Lease Commitments
We lease certain facilities and equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. During fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, we elected to exit certain building leases and building projects, but still have obligations on these particular facilities. See Note 8 for further detail.
At June 30, 2009, the future minimum annual lease payments for all occupied and exited facility leases were approximately (in millions):
 
Rent expense under the non-cancelable operating leases was $186 million, $180 million and $186 million in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.
 
Asset Retirement Obligations and Environmental Liabilities
We have asset retirement obligations primarily resulting from certain leased facilities where we have contractual commitments to remove leasehold improvements and return the property to a specified condition when the lease terminates. At June 30, 2009 and 2008, the net present value of these obligations was $36 million and $42 million, respectively, and were primarily classified in other non-current obligations. At June 30, 2009 and 2008, the asset balances related to our asset retirement obligations approximated $6 million and $14 million, respectively. The amount of amortization of the associated leasehold assets and accretion expense associated with our asset retirement obligations has not been material.
Guarantees, Letters of Credit and Indemnification Obligations
In the normal course of our business, we issue guarantees and letters of credit to numerous third-parties and for various purposes such as lease obligations, performance guarantees and state and local governmental agencies, requirements. At June 30, 2009, we had approximately $35 million of outstanding financial letters of credit.
In the normal course of business, we may enter into contractual arrangements under which we may agree to indemnify the third party to such arrangement from any losses incurred relating to the services they perform on our behalf or for losses arising from certain events as defined within the particular contract, which may include, for example, litigation or claims relating to past performance. Such indemnification obligations may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. Historically, payments made related to these indemnifications have not been material.
We utilized several contract manufacturers to manufacture sub-assemblies for our products and to perform final assembly and test of finished products. These contract manufacturers acquire components and build product based on demand information supplied by us. We also obtain individual components for our products from a variety of individual suppliers. We acquire components through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts and open orders based on projected demand information. Such purchase commitments are based on our forecasted component and manufacturing requirements and typically provide for fulfillment within agreed-upon lead-times and/or commercially standard lead-times for the particular part or product. We estimate that these contractual obligations at June 30, 2009 were no more than $444 million and were primarily due in less than one year from June 30, 2009. This amount does not include contractual obligations recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as current liabilities. Additionally, we have committed to purchase certain IT outsourced services where we would incur a penalty if the agreement was canceled prior to a contractual minimum term. We estimate that our contractual obligations associated with IT outsourced services at June 30, 2009 were no more than $18 million. Our asset retirement obligations arise from leased facilities where we have contractual commitments to remove leasehold improvements and return the property to a specified condition when the lease terminates.
In fiscal 2006, as part of our service-based sales arrangement involving a governmental institution in Mexico, we were required to issue three guarantee bonds, with the total amount of approximately $41 million, as collateral guaranteeing our performance under the arrangement. The bonds required a security deposit of $41 million, paid to surety companies, which was classified as Other non-current assets, net, in our June 30, 2007 Consolidated Balance Sheet. In fiscal 2008, the security deposit of $41 million was returned to us and replaced with a cash secured letter of credit of $21 million. The deposits of $21 million used to secure the letter of credit are classified as Other non-current assets, net, in our June 30, 2009 Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Litigation and Other Contingencies
In September 2004, private plaintiffs known as "relators" filed an action against us on behalf of the government of the United States in the United States District Court for the District of Arkansas alleging that certain rebates, discounts and other payments or benefits provided by us to our resellers and technology integrators constitute "kickbacks" in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Act, because such benefits allegedly should have been disclosed to and/or passed on to the government. That action was filed under seal, and the complaint was not unsealed until April 2007. Later in fiscal 2005, the General Services Administration (GSA) began auditing our records under the agreements it had with us at that time. The GSA's auditors alleged that we failed to provide agreed-upon discounts in accordance with the contracts' "price reduction clauses" and further alleged that certain pricing disclosures made by us to the GSA were substantially incomplete, false or misleading, resulting in defective pricing. In April 2007, the United States Department of Justice filed a complaint intervening in the lawsuit in Arkansas described above. The government's complaint includes claims related to both the "kickback" claims in the relators' original complaint and other claims related to the GSA audit described above, including claims under the federal False Claims Act, breach of contract, and other related claims. The government's complaint does not identify the amount of damages it claims or intends to claim. The parties continue to discuss the nature of the government's current and potential claims on our GSA and other government sales. If this matter proceeds to trial, possible sanctions include an award of damages, including treble damages, fines, penalties and other sanctions, up to and including suspension or debarment from sales to the federal government. Although we are interested in pursuing an amicable resolution, we intend to present a vigorous factual and legal defense throughout the course of these proceedings.
 
Three putative shareholder class actions were filed by individual shareholders on April 20, 2009, April 30, 2009 and April 30, 2009, respectively, in Santa Clara County Superior Court naming us and certain of our officers and directors, as well as Oracle Corporation, as defendants. The complaints, which are similar, seek to enjoin the proposed acquisition by Oracle Corporation and allege claims for breach of fiduciary duty against the individual defendants and for aiding and abetting a breach of fiduciary duty against the corporate defendants. The complaints generally allege that the consideration offered in the proposed transaction is unfair and inadequate. On June 16, 2009, the three shareholder actions were consolidated into a single action. On July 2, 2009, plaintiffs in the consolidated action filed a motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the shareholders' meeting scheduled for July 16, 2009. On July 14, 2009, the Court denied plaintiffs' motion for a preliminary injunction. On August 7, 2009, Defendants filed a demurrer to the consolidated complaint, and on August 24, 2009 Plaintiff's filed a motion to award attorneys fees incurred in the case. There has been no further activity in this matter as of this date.
As required by SFAS 5, we accrue for contingencies when we believe that a loss is probable and that we can reasonably estimate the amount of any such loss. We have made an assessment of the probability of incurring any such losses and such amounts are reflected in Other non-current obligations in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and it is difficult to predict the outcome of particular matters with reasonable certainty and, therefore, the actual amount of any loss may prove to be larger or smaller than the amounts reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
12.    Settlement Income
On March 8, 2002, we filed suit against Microsoft Corporation (Microsoft), pursuant to United States and State of California antitrust and other laws. In February 2003, Microsoft filed four counterclaims against us. The presiding judge dismissed two of the four Microsoft counterclaims.
On April 1, 2004, we entered into several agreements with Microsoft including an agreement to settle all pending litigation between the two companies. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Microsoft agreed to pay to us the amount of $700 million.
Pursuant to a patent covenant and stand-still agreement, the parties agreed not to sue each other for past damages for patent infringement with respect to the other party's products and technologies (the Covenant Not to Sue for Damages). Each year until 2014, Microsoft has the option of extending the Covenant Not to Sue for Damages to apply to the preceding year in exchange for an annual extension payment, so long as Microsoft has made all previous annual extension payments and so long as Microsoft has not sued us or authorized licensees of our commercial products for patent infringement prior to such time. At the end of the ten-year term, if Microsoft has made all such payments and not brought any such suits, then each party will automatically grant to the other party irrevocable, non-exclusive, perpetual licenses under all of its patents and patent applications existing at the end of such period in order to allow such other party to continue to commercialize its products shipping at the end of such period. Microsoft also agreed to pay to us the amount of $900 million under this patent covenant and standstill agreement.
Pursuant to a technical collaboration agreement, each party agreed to provide the other party with access to aspects of its desktop and server-based technology for use in developing interoperable server products. Microsoft also agreed to pay to us the amount of $350 million as a prepaid nonrefundable royalty under this technical collaboration agreement.
Based on the agreements with Microsoft described above, we recognized $47 million, $45 million and $54 million in settlement income in the fiscal years ended 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, and will maintain a deferred gain of approximately $352 million, primarily related to the prepaid nonrefundable royalty paid by Microsoft under the technical collaboration agreement, as other non-current obligations until the earlier of usage of the royalties by Microsoft or such time as all our obligations have been met.
13.    Stockholders' Equity
Authorized Preferred Stock
We are authorized to issue up to 10 million shares of preferred stock, with preferences to be determined at the discretion of the Board of the Directors at the time of the issuance. As of June 30, 2009, we have no preferred stock issued and outstanding.
Common Stock Repurchase Programs
On July 31, 2008, our Board of Directors authorized management to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our outstanding common stock. Under this authorization, the timing and actual number of shares subject to repurchase are at the discretion of management and are contingent on a number of factors, such as levels of cash generation from operations, cash requirements for acquisitions, repayment of debt and our share price.
 
In May 2007, our Board of Directors authorized management to repurchase up to $3 billion of our outstanding common stock. Under this authorization, the timing and actual number of shares subject to repurchase were at the discretion of management and were contingent on a number of factors, such as levels of cash generation from operations, cash requirements for acquisitions, repayment of debt and our share price. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009 and 2008, we repurchased approximately 15 million shares or $130 million and 151 million shares or $2.8 billion, respectively, of common stock under this repurchase authorization. As of September 2008, all funds authorized under the May 2007 authorization were used. During fiscal 2007, we did not repurchase common stock under our prior repurchase authorization announced in February 2001, which was canceled at the inception of the new plan. All repurchases were made in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
When treasury shares are reissued, any excess of the acquisition costs of the shares, determined on a first-in-first-out basis, over the proceeds from reissuance is charged to additional paid-in-capital to the extent of previous credits on similar transactions, with any remaining amounts charged to retained earnings.
Stock-based compensation
We have a stock-based compensation program that provides our Board of Directors broad discretion in creating employee equity incentives. This program includes incentive and non-statutory stock options and restricted stock-based awards, including restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units and restricted stock awards. These awards are granted under our 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which was approved by our stockholders on November 8, 2007. Stock options and restricted stock unit awards are generally time-based, vesting 25% on each annual anniversary of the grant date over four years. Stock options generally expire eight years from the date of grant. Additionally, we have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) that allows employees to purchase shares of common stock at 95% of the fair market value at the date of purchase. Shares issued as a result of stock option exercises, restricted stock-based awards and our ESPP are generally first issued out of treasury stock. As of June 30, 2009, we had approximately 151 million shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under these plans.
On July 1, 2005, we adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R), "Shared-Based Payment" (SFAS 123(R)), requiring us to recognize expense related to the fair value of our stock-based compensation awards. We elected to use the modified prospective transition method as permitted by SFAS 123(R). Under this transition method, stock-based compensation expense after adoption includes compensation expense for all stock-based compensation awards granted prior to, but not yet vested as of July 1, 2005, based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the original provisions of SFAS 123. Stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based compensation awards granted subsequent to July 1, 2005 was based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 123(R). We recognize compensation expense for stock option awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award.
The following table sets forth the total stock-based compensation expense resulting from stock options, restricted stock awards, ESPP and options assumed as a result of our acquisitions included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions):
 
Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options were $7 million, $77 million, and $163 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.
The fair value of stock-based awards were estimated using the Black-Scholes model with the following weighted-average assumptions for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively:
 
 
Our computation of expected volatility for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, is based on a combination of historical and market-based implied volatility. Our computation of expected life is based on historical settlement patterns. The interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Prior to May 2006, our ESPP allowed employees to purchase shares of common stock at 85% of the fair market value at the lower of either the date of enrollment or the date of purchase. Effective May 2006, our ESPP plan was modified to allow employees to purchase shares of common stock at 85% of the fair market value solely at the date of purchase. Accordingly, the Black-Scholes model is no longer used to estimate the fair value of ESPP stock awards granted after May 2006. In April 2009, in connection with the Merger Agreement, we modified our ESPP to provide that the purchase price for shares of common stock purchased under our ESPP will be 95% of the fair market value at the date of purchase for all offering periods beginning after April 19, 2009.
Stock option activity for the fiscal years ended June 30, is as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):
 
The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between our closing stock price on the last trading day of our fiscal 2009 and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on June 30, 2009. This amount changes based on the fair market value of our stock. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $11 million and $124 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009 and June 30, 2008, respectively. The total fair value of options that vested during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009 and June 30, 2008, was $82 million and $117 million, respectively.
As of June 30, 2009, $84 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of two years.
The following table summarizes our restricted stock award activity for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2009 (in millions, except per share amounts):
 
 
As of June 30, 2009, we retained purchase rights to 33,495 shares issued pursuant to stock purchase agreements and other stock plans at a weighted-average price of approximately $0.03. As of June 30, 2009, $257 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to restricted stock based awards is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of two years.
Computation of Net Income (Loss) per Common Share
Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding (adjusted for treasury stock and common stock subject to repurchase activity) during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is computed using the weighted-average number of common and dilutive common equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Common equivalent shares are anti-dilutive when their conversion would increase earnings per share. Dilutive common equivalent shares consist primarily of stock options and restricted stock awards (restricted stock and restricted stock units that are settled in stock).
On November 8, 2007, our stockholders approved a one-for-four reverse stock split, which became effective on November 12, 2007. All references to share and per-share data for all periods presented have been adjusted to give effect to this reverse split.
The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted income (loss) per share for each of the past three fiscal years (in millions, except per share amounts):
 
As a result of our net loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2009, all potentially dilutive shares were anti-dilutive and therefore excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share.
For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2008 and 2007, we added 13 million and 19 million common equivalent shares, respectively, to our basic-weighted-average shares outstanding to compute the diluted weighted-average shares outstanding. We are required to include these dilutive shares in our calculations of net income per share for fiscal 2008 because we earned a profit.
Shares used in the diluted net income per share calculations exclude anti-dilutive common equivalent shares, consisting of stock options, restricted stock awards, written call options and shares associated with convertible notes. These anti-dilutive common shares totaled 113 million shares and 89 million shares for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2008 and 2007, respectively. While these common equivalent shares are currently anti-dilutive, they could be dilutive in the future.
14.    Benefit Plans
Defined contribution plans
We have a 401(k) plan known as the Sun Microsystems, Inc. Tax Deferred Retirement Savings Plan (Plan). The Plan is available to all regular employees on our U.S. payroll and provides employees with tax deferred salary deductions and alternative investment options. The Plan does not provide employees with the option to invest in our common stock. Employees may contribute up to 30% of their salary, subject to certain limitations. We match employees' contributions to the Plan at a maximum of 4% of eligible compensation up to the annual maximum of $6,800. We expensed $64 million, $80 million and $86 million in the fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, for our contributions to the Plan. Our contributions to the Plan vest 100% upon contribution.
Defined benefit plans
Effective June 30, 2007, we adopted SFAS 158, which requires us to record non-cash adjustments to recognize the funded status of each of our defined pension and postretirement benefit plans as a net asset or liability in our statement of financial position with a corresponding amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income, and to recognize changes in that funded
 
status in the year in which changes occur through comprehensive income. Upon adoption, SFAS 158 required us to measure the funded status of each of our plans as of the date of our year-end statement of financial position. The measurement date for our plans was June 30, 2009.
We sponsor a number of qualified defined benefit pension plans primarily outside the United States. We also have an unfunded nonqualified pension plan covering certain executives that are based on targeted wage replacement percentages. We deposit funds for these plans, consistent with the requirements of local law, with insurance companies, third-party trustees, or into government-managed accounts and accrue for the unfunded portion of the obligation.
We aggregate all of our defined benefit plans for disclosure purposes, as the amounts that would be reported individually for our plans are considered insignificant.
There were no material plan amendments, benefit modifications or related events that took place during fiscal 2009 or fiscal 2008.
Change in benefit obligations, for the fiscal years ended June 30, were as follows (in millions):
 
Change in plan assets, for the fiscal year ended June 30, were as follows (in millions):
 
 
The total accumulated benefit obligation, the accumulated benefit obligation (ABO) and fair value of plan assets for our defined benefit pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets, and the projected benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets for defined benefit pension plans with projected benefit obligations (PBO) in excess of plan assets, for the fiscal year ended June 30, were as follows (in millions):
 
The components of pension expense along with the assumptions used to determine benefit obligations, for the fiscal year ended June 30, were as follows (in millions):
 
 
Estimated amounts to be amortized from Accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost during 2010 based on June 30, 2009 plan measurements, were as follows (in millions):
 
Discount Rate
We set the discount rate assumption annually for each of our retirement-related benefit plans at their respective measurement dates to reflect the yield of a portfolio of high quality, fixed-income debt instruments that would produce cash flows sufficient in timing and amount to address projected future benefits. The weighted average rate established discount rate used to calculate the defined benefit cost for our defined benefit pension plans was 4.7% for the fiscal year-end 2009.
Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets and Target Asset Allocations
To determine the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, we consider the current and expected asset allocations, as well as historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets. We apply our expected rate of return to a market-related value of assets, which stabilizes variability in the amounts to which we apply that expected return. While we give
 
appropriate consideration to recent fund performance and historical returns, the assumptions are primarily long term, prospective rates of return. Plan fiduciaries set investment policies and strategies for the plan assets and oversee its investment allocation, which includes selecting investment managers and setting long-term strategic targets. Long-term strategic investment objectives include preserving the funded status of the plan and balancing risk and return. Target allocation ranges are guidelines, not limitations, and occasionally plan fiduciaries will approve allocations above or below a target range. Because of the diversity in practice between geographies and our different pension funds in how target allocations are determined, we have not supplied this information as it is not considered useful to the readers of the financial statements. The weighted average expected long-term rate of return on our defined benefit plans assets used to determine net pension expense for fiscal 2009 was 5.1% compared to 4.8% for fiscal 2008 and 5.3% in fiscal 2007.
Plan Assets
Plan assets are valued using quoted market prices when available. Assets for which quoted market prices are not available are valued using independent pricing vendors, dealer or counterparty supplied valuations and net asset values provided by fund managers or portfolio investment advisors whose fair value estimates may utilize appraisals of the underlying assets or discounted cash flow models.
Our defined benefit pension plans have the following asset allocations, as of their respective measurement dates in fiscal years ended June 30. "Other" category is comprised of insurance and similar contracts where contributions are managed by third parties to provide a return for the benefit of plan participants, at the discretion of the third party. The third parties invest in cash equivalents, equity securities, debt securities, and other investment categories based on the long-term cash flow needs of the related post-retirement plans. Investment returns realized by the third parties offset future contribution amounts.:
 
Plan Funding Policy and Contributions
Our practice is to fund the various pension plans in amounts at least sufficient to meet the minimum requirements of local laws and regulations or to directly pay benefit payments where appropriate. We made pension contributions to the defined benefit pension plans, or made direct payments where appropriate, for the fiscal year ended June 30, as follows (in millions):
 
As of June 30, 2009, we do not have any contributions due, and we do not expect to make any discretionary contributions into the defined benefit pension plans. During fiscal 2010 we expect to contribute or pay benefits of approximately $28 million to our defined benefit pension plans.
Benefit Payments
The following benefit payments, which include assumptions related to estimated future employee service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid in the future (in millions):
 
 
 
15.    Operating Segments
We design, manufacture, market and service network computing infrastructure solutions that consist of Server Products (hardware and software), Storage Products (hardware and software), Support Services (Support Services and Managed Services) and Professional and Educational Services. Our organization is primarily structured in a functional manner. During the periods presented, our Chief Executive Officer was identified as our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) as defined by SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information" (SFAS 131).
Our CODM manages our company based primarily on broad functional categories of sales, services, manufacturing, product development and engineering and marketing and strategy. Starting in fiscal 2008, our CODM reviews consolidated financial information on revenues and gross margins for systems and services and also reviews operating expenses. Our CODM does not use assets allocation for purposes of making decisions about allocating resources to the segment and assessing segment's performance. Our Systems Group segment comprises our end-to-end networking architecture of computing products including our Server Products and Storage Products lines. Our Services Group segment comprises a full range of services to existing and new customers, including Support Services (Support Services and Managed Services) and Professional and Educational Services.
We have a Worldwide Operations (WWOPS) organization and a Global Sales and Services (GSS) organization that are responsible for the manufacturing and sale, respectively, of all of our products. The CODM holds GSS accountable for overall products and services revenue and margins on a consolidated level. GSS and WWOPS manage the majority of our accounts receivable and inventory, respectively.
Operating expenses are not allocated to the reportable segments. With the exception of goodwill, we do not identify or allocate assets by operating segment, nor does the CODM evaluate operating segments using discrete asset information. We do not report inter-segment revenue because the operating segments do not report it. We do not allocate interest and other income, interest expense, or taxes to operating segments.
Segment Information
The following table presents revenues and operating income (loss) for our segments (in millions):
 
 
 
Systems product information
Our Systems product revenue is comprised of revenue from Server Products and Storage Products. Our Services revenue consists of sales from two classes of services: (1) Support Services (Support and Managed Services) and (2) Professional Services and Educational Services. Support Services are services that offer customers technical support, software and firmware updates, online tools, product repair and maintenance and preventive services for system, storage and software products. Managed services include on-site and remote monitoring and management for the components of their IT infrastructure, including operating systems, third-party and custom applications, databases, networks, security, storage and the web. Professional Services are services that enable customers to reduce costs and complexity, improve operational efficiency and build or transform their IT infrastructure. Professional Services include IT assessments, architectural services, implementation services and consolidation and migration services. Educational Services include training and certification for individuals and teams. The following table provides external revenue for similar classes of products and services for the last three fiscal years (in millions):
 
Geographic information
Our significant operations outside the U.S. include manufacturing facilities, design centers and sales offices in Europe, the Asia Pacific (APAC), Canada and Latin America (International Americas) and Emerging Markets. Intercompany transfers between operating segments and geographic areas are primarily accounted for at prices that approximate arm's length transactions. In fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, sales between segments are recorded at standard cost. Information regarding geographic areas at June 30 and for each of the years then ended, was as follows (in millions):
 
 
Customer Information
Sales to Avnet, the largest distributor of our products, accounted for approximately 13%, 11%, and 11% of our net revenues in fiscal 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. In January 2007, Access Distribution, the largest distributor of our products at the time, was sold to Avnet by General Electric Company. The net revenue percentages for fiscal 2007 represent sales to Avnet and Access Distribution on a combined basis. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues. Accounts receivable from Avnet and its subsidiaries in the aggregate was approximately 8% and 9% of total accounts receivable as of June 30, 2009 and 2008, respectively.
 
16.    Related Parties
In fiscal 2008 and 2007, we conducted transactions with Intuit, Inc. (Intuit), a company considered to be a related party. Stephen Bennett was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Intuit until January 2008, and was appointed a member of our Board of Directors effective June 2004. Since Mr. Bennett's appointment through January 1, 2008, the amount of net revenues and expenses recognized for Intuit were not material.
In fiscal 2008 and 2007, we conducted transactions with Flextronics International Ltd. and its subsidiaries (Flextronics), entities considered to be related parties. Michael Marks was the Chairman of Flextronics's Board of Directors until January 10, 2008, and was appointed a member of our Board of Directors effective April 2007. During fiscal 2008 through January 10, 2008, we recognized approximately $18 million in net revenue and approximately $2 million in expenses with Flextronics. The amount of fiscal 2007 net revenues and expenses recognized since Mr. Mark's appointment were not material.
17.    Subsequent Events
Borrowing Arrangements (audited)
On August 17, 2009, we repaid the last tranche of our Senior Notes of $550 million plus accrued interest. In addition, the related interest rate swap was settled.
On August 5, 2009, we gave notice to the holders of our Convertible Notes of an anticipated fundamental change and the holders' ability to convert, in accordance with the indentures governing the Convertible Notes. The notice was given in contemplation of the closing of the proposed acquisition by Oracle through the merger of a wholly-owned subsidiary of Oracle with and into us.
Borrowing Arrangements (unaudited)
On January 26, 2010, we entered into supplemental indentures with U.S. Bank National Association (the "Trustee") in relation to our Convertible Notes. These supplemental indentures amended the consideration to be paid upon conversion of the Convertible Notes in connection with Oracle acquiring us.
On January 27, 2010, we entered into note purchase agreements pursuant to which we agreed to purchase $350 million aggregate principal amount of the 2012 Convertible Notes and $350 million aggregate principal amount of the 2014 Convertible Notes from KKR PEI Solar Holdings I, Ltd., KKR PEI Solar Holdings II, Ltd. and Citibank, N.A. (collectively, the "Sellers"). On January 28, 2010, we paid to the Sellers the aggregate principal amounts outstanding under each series of Convertible Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest on these Convertible Notes, and received a satisfaction and discharge under the supplemental indentures from the Trustee.
On January 28, 2010, in connection with the repayment of the Convertible Notes, we terminated two convertible bond hedges from Credit Suisse International ("Credit Suisse"), one for each series of the Convertible Notes. On January 29, 2010, we also terminated the warrants issued to Credit Suisse, which entitled Credit Suisse to purchase shares of our common stock.
Change in Control (unaudited)
On January 26, 2010, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement as described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Oracle completed its acquisition of all our common stock and we became a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle ("Merger") and were renamed "Oracle America, Inc."
 
18.    Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
Our first three quarters in fiscal 2009 ended on September 28, December 28 and March 29 and in fiscal 2008 ended on September 30, December 30 and March 30. Our fourth quarter ends on June 30.
The following tables contain selected unaudited Consolidated Statement of Operations data for each quarter of fiscal 2009 and 2008 (in millions, except per share amounts):
 
 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The Board of Directors of Oracle Corporation and the Stockholders of Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.)
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) as of June 30, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2009. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) at June 30, 2009 and 2008, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, on July 1, 2009, Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board Staff Position No. APB 14-1, and retrospectively adjusted all periods presented in the consolidated financial statements to reflect its adoption. As discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, in fiscal year 2008, Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) changed its method of accounting for uncertain tax positions in accordance with guidance provided in Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes  an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109".
Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement),
 
San Jose, California
August 28, 2009, except with respect to the retrospective adoption of accounting principles described in Note 2, Adjustment for Retrospective Application of Accounting Pronouncement, to the consolidated financial statements, as to which the date is April 7, 2010.
 

Exhibit 99.3
The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are based on the historical financial statements of Oracle Corporation and Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) (Sun) after giving effect to Oracle's acquisition of Sun on January 26, 2010, the issuances of $4.5 billion of senior notes and $1.76 billion of Commercial Paper Notes prior to the date of acquisition (the Debt Issuance), and the assumptions, reclassifications and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of November 30, 2009 is presented as if our acquisition of Sun and the issuance of Commercial Paper Notes had occurred on November 30, 2009.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the six months ended November 30, 2009, and year ended May 31, 2009, are presented as if the Sun acquisition and the Debt Issuance had occurred on June 1, 2008 and were carried forward through each of the aforementioned periods presented.
The preliminary allocation of the purchase price used in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements is based upon preliminary estimates. These preliminary estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date) as we finalize the valuations of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired in connection with our acquisition of Sun.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results of operations or financial position that we would have reported had the Sun acquisition and the Debt Issuance been completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as a representation of our future consolidated results of operations or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect any operating efficiencies and/or cost savings that we may achieve with respect to the combined companies.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of Oracle and Sun included in the respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
 
 
See notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 
 
See notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 
 
See notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
 
 
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of November 30, 2009, and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the six months ended November 30, 2009, and for the year ended May 31, 2009, are based on the historical financial statements of Oracle Corporation and Oracle America, Inc. (formerly known as Sun Microsystems, Inc.) (Sun) after giving effect to Oracle's acquisition of Sun on January 26, 2010, the Debt Issuance, and the assumptions, reclassifications and adjustments described in the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.
We account for business combinations pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 805, . In accordance with ASC 805, we recognize separately from goodwill, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in an acquiree, generally at the acquisition date fair value as defined by ASC 820, . Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred, which is also generally measured at fair value, and the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
Business Combinations
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
We have made significant assumptions and estimates in determining the preliminary estimated purchase price and the preliminary allocation of the estimated purchase price in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements. These preliminary estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date) as we finalize the valuations of the net tangible assets, intangible assets and resultant goodwill. In particular, the final valuations of identifiable intangible and net tangible assets may change significantly from our preliminary estimates. These changes could result in material variances between our future financial results and the amounts presented in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, including variances in fair values recorded, as well as expenses and cash flows associated with these items.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not include the effects of any future restructuring activities that pertain to the restructuring of our operations pursuant to the Sun Restructuring Plan, which we adopted in the third quarter of fiscal 2010 to improve the cost efficiencies in our merged operations, or pursuant to our Fiscal 2009 Oracle Restructuring Plan. In accordance with the requirements of ASC 805, acquired company restructuring activities initiated by us must be accounted for separately from the business combination in accordance with ASC 420, . Any future restructuring expenses may be material and may include costs for severance, costs of vacating facilities and costs to exit or terminate other duplicative activities. Future restructuring expenses are expected to be incurred over the remainder of fiscal 2010 and during fiscal 2011 and are recorded to our operating expenses in the period that these expenses are incurred.
Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements are not intended to represent or be indicative of our consolidated results of operations or financial position that would have been reported had the Sun acquisition and the Debt Issuance been completed as of the dates presented, and should not be taken as a representation of our future consolidated results of operations or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect any operating efficiencies and associated cost savings that we may achieve with respect to the combined companies.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with Oracle's and Sun's historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in each company's respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
 
 
Accounting Periods Presented
Sun's historical fiscal year ended on June 30 and, for purposes of these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements, its historical results have been aligned to more closely conform to Oracle's May 31 fiscal year end as explained below. Certain pro forma adjustments were made to conform Sun's accounting policies to Oracle's accounting policies as noted below.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of November 30, 2009 is presented as if the Sun acquisition and issuance of the Commercial Paper Notes had occurred on November 30, 2009, and due to different fiscal period ends, combines the historical balance sheet of Oracle at November 30, 2009 and the historical balance sheet of Sun at September 27, 2009.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations of Oracle and Sun for the six months ended November 30, 2009 and year ended May 31, 2009 are presented as if the Sun acquisition and the Debt Issuance had taken place on June 1, 2008. Due to different fiscal period ends, the pro forma statement of operations for the six months ended November 30, 2009 combines the historical results of Oracle for the six months ended November 30, 2009 and the historical results of Sun for the six months ended September 27, 2009. The historical results of Sun for the six months ended September 27, 2009 were derived by taking the historical results of operations of Sun for the year ended June 30, 2009, subtracting Sun's historical results of operations for the nine months ended March 29, 2009 and adding Sun's historical results of operations for the three months ended September 27, 2009.
The pro forma statement of operations of Oracle and Sun for the year ended May 31, 2009, due to different fiscal period ends, combines the historical results of Oracle for the year ended May 31, 2009 and the historical results of Sun for the year ended June 30, 2009 after retrospectively applying the requirements of ASC 470, . Due to the latest fiscal year and interim period financial information being readily available for Sun, Sun's results of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2009 were included in all periods presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations.
Debt
Reclassifications
The following reclassifications have been made to the presentation of Sun's historical financial statements in order to conform to Oracle's presentation:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We acquired Sun Microsystems, Inc. on January 26, 2010, by means of a merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with and into Sun such that Sun became a wholly owned subsidiary of Oracle and was renamed "Oracle America, Inc." We acquired Sun to, among other things, expand our product offerings by adding Sun's existing hardware systems business and broadening our software and services offerings.
The estimated purchase price of and purchase price allocation for Sun, as presented below, represents our best estimates. These estimates are preliminary as we are still in the process of finalizing the majority of the amounts presented.
Preliminary Purchase Price
The total preliminary purchase price for Sun was $7.3 billion and was comprised of:
 
 
 
Fair Value Estimate of Stock Options and Restricted Stock-Based Awards Assumed
As of January 26, 2010, Sun had approximately 54 million stock options and 19 million restricted stock-based awards outstanding. In accordance with the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 19, 2009 (Merger Agreement), the conversion ratio of the number of shares to be issued for each Sun stock option or restricted stock-based award assumed was based upon a conversion ratio of 0.3849, which was calculated as the consideration price of $9.50 paid by Oracle for each Sun share of common stock outstanding divided by the average Oracle stock price for five trading days prior to the closing date of January 26, 2010.
The preliminary fair values of stock options assumed were determined using a Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model with the following assumptions: weighted average expected life of 2.7 years, weighted average risk-free interest rate of 1.1%, weighted average expected volatility of 27% and a weighted average dividend yield of 0.8%. The preliminary fair values of unvested Sun stock options and restricted stock-based awards will be recorded as operating expenses on a straight-line basis over the remaining service periods, while the preliminary fair values of vested stock options and restricted stock-based awards are included in the total purchase price.
Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation
Pursuant to our business combinations accounting policy, the total preliminary purchase price for Sun was allocated to the preliminary net tangible and intangible assets based upon their preliminary fair values as of January 26, 2010 as set forth below. The excess of the preliminary purchase price over the preliminary net tangible assets and preliminary intangible assets was recorded as goodwill. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price was based upon a preliminary valuation and our estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date). The primary areas of the preliminary purchase price allocation that are not yet finalized relate to the fair values of certain tangible assets and liabilities acquired, the valuation of intangible assets acquired, certain legal matters, income and non-income based taxes and residual goodwill. We expect to continue to obtain information to assist us in determining the fair value of the net assets acquired at the acquisition date during the measurement period. Our preliminary purchase price allocation for Sun is as follows:
 
Preliminary Valuations of Intangible Assets Acquired
The following table sets forth the preliminary components of intangible assets acquired in connection with the Sun acquisition:
 
 
 
Hardware systems support agreements and related relationships and customer relationships represent the fair values of the underlying relationships and agreements with Sun's customers. Developed technology represents the fair values of Sun products that have reached technological feasibility and are a part of Sun's product lines. Core technology represents the fair values of the Sun processes, patents and trade secrets related to the design and development of Sun's products. This proprietary know-how can be leveraged to develop new technology and improve our existing products. Trademarks represent the fair values of brand and name recognition associated with the marketing of Sun's products and services. In-process research and development represents the fair values of incomplete Sun research and development projects that had not reached technological feasibility as of the date of acquisition.
Preliminary Pre-Acquisition Contingencies Assumed
We have evaluated and continue to evaluate pre-acquisition contingencies relating to Sun that existed as of the acquisition date. We have preliminarily determined that certain of these pre-acquisition contingencies are probable in nature and estimable as of the acquisition date and, accordingly, have preliminarily recorded our best estimates for these contingencies as a part of the preliminary purchase price allocation for Sun. We continue to gather information for and evaluate substantially all pre-acquisition contingencies that we have assumed from Sun. If we make changes to the amounts recorded or identify additional pre-acquisition contingencies during the remainder of the measurement period, such amounts recorded will be included in the purchase price allocation during the measurement period and, subsequently, in our results of operations.
 
Commercial Paper Program
Prior to our acquisition of Sun on January 26, 2010, we issued $1.76 billion of unsecured short-term commercial paper notes (Commercial Paper Notes) pursuant to our commercial paper program, which allows us to issue and sell unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a private placement exemption from the registration requirements under federal and state securities laws (see Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our fiscal 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding our commercial paper program), at a weighted average yield, including issuance cost, of 0.17%. We issued these Commercial Paper Notes to finance a portion of our purchase price for our acquisition of Sun and for general corporate purposes. As of February 28, 2010, we had $951 million of Commercial Paper Notes outstanding at a weighted average yield, including issuance costs, of 0.18% that mature at various dates through June 14, 2010.
Senior Notes and Other
In July 2009, we issued $4.5 billion of fixed rate senior notes comprised of $1.5 billion of 3.75% notes due July 2014 (2014 Notes), $1.75 billion of 5.00% notes due July 2019 (2019 Notes) and $1.25 billion of 6.125% notes due July 2039 (2039 Notes and, together with 2014 Notes and 2019 Notes, the Senior Notes). We issued the Senior Notes for general corporate purposes and for our acquisition of Sun and acquisition related expenses.
The effective interest yields of the 2014 Notes, 2019 Notes and 2039 Notes at November 30, 2009 were 3.75%, 5.06% and 6.19%, respectively. In September 2009, we entered into interest rate swap agreements that have the economic effect of modifying the fixed interest obligations associated with the 2014 Notes so that the interest payable on these notes effectively became variable (1.38% at November 30, 2009).
Separately, shortly after the closing of our acquisition of Sun we repaid, in full, $700 million of Sun's legacy convertible notes in the third quarter of fiscal 2010.
 
 
The following pro forma adjustments are included in our unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements:
(A) To record the following adjustments to cash and cash equivalents:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The preliminary net increase in deferred tax assets is primarily attributable to our ability to utilize certain net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards from Sun, which were partially offset by certain acquired deferred tax liabilities including those associated with intangible assets acquired.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We assumed all of Sun's equity plans including the rights, terms and conditions of the plans under which the stock options and restricted stock-based awards were originally granted. These rights, terms and conditions include providing for accelerated vesting of unvested stock options and restricted stock-based awards for certain eligible employees. Stock-based compensation expenses based upon preliminary fair values presented in the above tables and in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations exclude the impact of stock-based compensation expenses resulting from the acceleration of stock options and restricted stock-based awards that we expect to record in periods subsequent to the Sun acquisition date as we expect the accelerated stock-based compensation expenses to be non-recurring with respect to our acquisition of Sun. The accelerated stock-based compensation expenses have no net impact as a pro forma adjustment to stockholders' equity in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share amounts presented in our unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations are based upon the weighted average number of our common shares outstanding and are adjusted for additional stock options and restricted stock-based awards assumed from Sun stock option and restricted stock-based award plans pursuant to the treasury stock method as if those awards had been assumed as they stood at the acquisition date as of the beginning of each period presented without consideration for any subsequent award activity such as exercises and cancellations. Our acquisition of Sun had substantially no impact to our basic weighted average common shares outstanding calculations for the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations periods presented.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100514161723.txt.gz
TIME:20100514161723
EVENTS:	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
TEXT:
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2  Financial Information
 
On May 12, 2010, Oracle Corporation issued a total of $800 million of short-term promissory notes (the "New CP Notes") under its $3.0 billion commercial paper program. The maturities of the New CP Notes are between one month and two months. The weighted average yield of the New CP Notes, including issuance costs, is 0.285%.
In addition to the New CP Notes, we also have $281.3 million of short-term promissory notes (the "Existing CP Notes" and together with the New CP Notes, the "CP Notes") outstanding which were issued in early calendar 2010 pursuant to our commercial paper program. The maturities of the Existing CP Notes are between four months and five months. The weighted average yield of the Existing CP Notes, including issuance costs, is 0.209%.
We have approximately $1.9 billion of capacity remaining under our $3.0 commercial paper program. We reduced the overall capacity of our commercial paper program from $5.0 billion to $3.0 billion after our March 2009 $2.0 billion 364-day revolving credit facility terminated pursuant to its terms in March 2010.
The CP Notes are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are unsecured and rank with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The CP Notes are not redeemable prior to maturity and are not subject to voluntary prepayment.
pari passu
We expect to use the funds from the New CP Notes, along with our internally available cash, to repay $1.0 billion of floating rate senior notes due May 2010.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100604165400.txt.gz
TIME:20100604165400
EVENTS:	Cost Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities
TEXT:
ITEM: Cost Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2  Financial Information
 
Amendment of Sun Restructuring Plan
As previously disclosed in Oracle's fiscal 2010 third quarter Form 10-Q, Oracle's management had previously commenced its Sun Restructuring Plan (the "Sun Plan") in connection with the integration of Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun"), with estimated costs of $325 million, of which $235 million was recorded during the three and nine months ended February 28, 2010. On May 10, 2010, Oracle Corporation's management extended its Sun integration plan to cover Europe and Asia and approved, committed to and initiated an amendment (the "Amendment") to the Sun Plan. The Amendment further reduces the size of Oracle's combined workforce primarily in Europe and Asia, eliminates redundant costs resulting from the acquisition of Sun and reflects improved efficiencies in operations. Oracle estimates the additional costs related to this Amendment to the Sun Plan will be between $675 million and $825 million, the substantial majority of which will require the outlay of cash. Oracle expects that $550 million to $650 million of these additional costs will be restructuring charges related principally to employee severance costs, $85 million to $115 million will relate to facilities costs and $40 million to $60 million will relate to contract termination costs. The additional costs related to the Amendment to the Sun Plan are expected to be incurred through calendar 2011. Notifications to affected employees began on May 28, 2010.
In addition to historical information, this Current Report on Form 8-K contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including statements regarding Oracle's future financial position and results, are forward-looking statements. All information set forth herein is current as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events. For further information regarding risks and uncertainties associated with Oracle's business, please refer to the "Risk Factors" section of Oracle's SEC filings, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100624163543.txt.gz
TIME:20100624163543
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item 8.01 Other Events
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On June 24, 2010, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year ended May 31, 2010. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock payable on August 4, 2010, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 14, 2010.
Oracle's press release dated June 24, 2010, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 24, 2010  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2010 Q4 GAAP total revenues were up 39% to $9.5 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 40% to $9.6 billion. GAAP new software license revenues were up 14% to $3.1 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 12% to $3.4 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $3.5 billion. GAAP operating income was up 14% to $3.3 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 35%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 26% to $4.4 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 46%. GAAP net income was up 25% to $2.4 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 31% to $3.0 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.46, up 24% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 30% to $0.60. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $8.7 billion. Oracle estimates that in Q4 of fiscal 2010, Sun reduced GAAP operating income by approximately $100 million, including $176 million of amortization, and contributed approximately $400 million to non-GAAP operating income.
For fiscal year 2010, GAAP total revenues were up 15% to $26.8 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 15% to $27.0 billion. Fiscal year 2010 GAAP new software license revenues were up 6% to $7.5 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 11% to $13.1 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 10% to $13.2 billion. GAAP operating income was up 9% to $9.1 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 34%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 15% to $12.5 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 46%. GAAP net income was up 10% to $6.1 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 15% to $8.5 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $1.21, up 11% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 16% to $1.67.
"We executed better than expected on both the top and bottom line for the quarter," said Oracle CFO, Jeff Epstein. "This strong performance plus disciplined business management led to a non-GAAP operating margin of 46% in Q4, fully including the $1.2 billion of Sun systems hardware that we sold in the quarter."
"We estimate that Sun contributed over $400 million to non-GAAP operating income in our Q4," said Oracle President, Safra Catz. "This compares with a loss in Sun's quarter ending June of last year, when Sun was an independent company. Now that Sun is profitable, we have increased confidence that we will meet or exceed our goal of Sun contributing $1.5 billion to non-GAAP operating income in FY2011, and $2.0 billion in FY2012."
"We continue to take large chunks of market share away from SAP," said Oracle President, Charles Phillips. "Over the last twelve months Oracle's applications business has grown 5% on a constant dollar basis while SAP's business has declined 24% over their previous four quarters. This trend has been going on for a long time: Oracle's applications business has grown 60% in the last four years while SAP's business is 7% smaller than it was four years ago."
"Version 2 of our Sun Exadata database machine outperforms IBM's fastest computer in both data warehousing and transaction processing," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "As a result, some of IBM's largest customers began buying Exadata machines rather than big IBM servers in Q4 of FY2010. And the FY2011 Exadata sales pipeline is fast approaching the $1 billion mark."
In addition, Oracle's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 14, 2010, with a payment date of August 4, 2010. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
The estimate of the Sun contribution to operating income referred to above includes allocations of general and administrative expenses and other costs which cannot be directly identified as a result of the integration of the Sun and Oracle businesses to date. For additional information, please see footnote 8 in the Reconciliation of Selected GAAP Measures to non-GAAP Measures. Additional reconciliations can be found in the attached tables and at www.oracle.com/investors.
Q4 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (866) 288-9872 or (913) 312-2900, Passcode: 911443. To access the live web broadcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor.
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our website at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and global economic crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our entrance into the hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this new business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Sun Microsystems, may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of June 24, 2010. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100715162000.txt.gz
TIME:20100715162000
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 8  Other Events
 
On July 12, 2010, Oracle Corporation issued a press release furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., July 12, 2010  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced the pricing of its sale of $1.0 billion of 3.875% Notes due 2020 (the "2020 Notes") and $2.25 billion of 5.375% Notes due 2040 (the "2040 Notes"). The offering is expected to settle on July 19, 2010.
The 2020 Notes will bear interest at the rate of 3.875% per year and the 2040 Notes will bear interest at the rate of 5.375% per year. Interest will be payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 for each of the 2020 Notes and the 2040 Notes, commencing on January 15, 2011.
Oracle intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for repayment of indebtedness, including repayment of its 5.00% senior notes due January 2011, general corporate purposes, future acquisitions and to replenish cash used to repay $1.0 billion of its floating rate senior notes that matured in May 2010.
The notes are being sold in a private placement only to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A, under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and in offshore transactions pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The notes are not registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements.
Important Information
This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100907174421.txt.gz
TIME:20100907174421
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5  Corporate Governance and Management
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") announced that Mark V. Hurd, 53, was appointed as a President of Oracle and was elected as a director of Oracle on September 6, 2010. Oracle also announced that Charles E. Phillips, Jr. resigned his position as a President of Oracle and as a member of Oracle's board of directors on September 5, 2010. Copies of the press releases announcing the appointment and election of Mr. Hurd and Mr. Phillips' resignation are attached hereto as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2.
As President, Mr. Hurd will report to Larry Ellison, Chief Executive Officer of Oracle, and will have responsibility for Oracle's global sales, consulting, marketing and support organizations. Prior to joining Oracle, Mr. Hurd served as Chairman of the board of directors of Hewlett-Packard Company (HP) from September 2006 to August 2010 and as Chief Executive Officer, President and a member of the HP's board of directors from April 2005 to August 2010. Prior to joining HP, Mr. Hurd served as Chief Executive Officer of NCR Corporation, a technology company, from March 2003 to March 2005 and as President from July 2001 to March 2005. Mr. Hurd currently serves as a director of News Corporation but will not stand for re-election.
Mr. Hurd's offer letter provides that he will be paid an annual salary of $950,000 and that Mr. Hurd will be eligible under Oracle's Executive Bonus Plan for fiscal 2011 for a target bonus of $5,000,000, and such bonus will not exceed $10,000,000. In addition, Mr. Hurd's offer letter provides that he will be granted a stock option to purchase 10,000,000 shares of Oracle's common stock with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of Oracle's common stock on the date of the grant. Mr. Hurd's offer letter also provides that, subject to his remaining in his current role at Oracle, Mr. Hurd will be granted a stock option to purchase 5,000,000 shares of Oracle's common stock in each of the next five years as part of Oracle's annual company-wide employee stock option grants. Each of these stock options will vest 25% per year, beginning one year after the grant date for such stock options.
The description above is a summary of Mr. Hurd's offer letter and is qualified in its entirety by the offer letter which is filed as Exhibit 10.28 to this current report.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 10.28
September 2, 2010
Mark Hurd
Dear Mark:
We are pleased to offer you the position of President, Worldwide Sales, Consulting, Marketing, & Support of Oracle Corporation ("Oracle"). You will be an employee of Oracle America Inc., reporting to Larry Ellison. We offer you a starting annual base salary of $950,000. In addition, you will be eligible for a bonus under the FY11 Executive Bonus Plan of $5,000,000 for 100% target achievement, and subject to an overall bonus cap of $10,000,000.
After you commence your employment, and subject to customary corporate actions, we expect that you will be nominated to stand for election to the Board of Directors of Oracle at the annual shareholder meeting on October 6, 2010. We will expect you to cooperate and take all necessary or otherwise desirable actions to facilitate that nomination and election.
Conditioned upon your acceptance of this offer and commencement of employment at Oracle, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has given approval to grant you a stock option ("Option") to purchase 10,000,000 shares of common stock at its first meeting following your hire date, consistent with Oracle's practice. In addition, the Compensation Committee has also given approval to grant you an Option to purchase an additional 5,000,000 shares of common stock per year in each of the next five years (for an aggregate of 25,000,000 additional shares over the next five years) as part of Oracle's annual corporate-wide option grant process, assuming you are still employed at Oracle in the same capacity on the date of each such annual grant. All Options are pursuant to the Amended and Restated Oracle Corporation 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan. The effective grant date of these additional Option grants will be the date the Compensation Committee approves the annual grant. Each Option will have an exercise price based upon Oracle's stock price at the close of the market on the Option grant date. The Options will be issued under a written agreement and will be subject to qualification under all applicable securities regulations. As long as you remain continuously employed by Oracle or its affiliates, you will be eligible to exercise your right to purchase 25% of the Option shares per year; beginning one year after the Compensation Committee approves the applicable Option grant, subject to the terms of your written stock option agreement and your compliance with Oracle's Insider Trading Policy.
You agree to comply with the Insider Trading restrictions applicable to Oracle Officers and Directors throughout your employment with Oracle and for one fiscal quarter following your separation from Oracle, regardless of the reason for your separation. Among other things, under these restrictions, you are prohibited from trading in Oracle securities during the last month of each fiscal quarter and until two full trading days following Oracle's earnings announcement for that fiscal quarter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your proposed Option referenced in this letter agreement shall be subject to the time limitations on exercise set forth in Section 6(i) of the Plan.
This offer of employment is contingent upon your satisfactory completion of Oracle's pre-employment background screening process, which will include education and employment verification as well as a criminal records check.
To accept this offer, please sign below as well as the enclosed Employment Agreement and Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate, Proprietary Information Agreement, Data Privacy Agreement, and any remaining new hire documents and return them to Oracle, ATTN: Americas HRSSC, 1001 Sunset Boulevard, Rocklin, CA 95765 for delivery by September 12, 2010.
If you have any questions regarding the conditions of your offer, please do not hesitate to contact me at (XXX) XXX-XXXX. This offer remains open until September 12, 2010.
Sincerely,
 
Enclosure: New Employee Packet
AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED:
 
Date: September 3, 2010
Please read this Agreement carefully before you agree to its terms by signing it. You may wish to consult an attorney prior to signing the Agreement. The Agreement sets forth certain important benefits, terms and conditions related to your employment with Oracle. It also sets forth the mutual agreement between you and Oracle to arbitrate any dispute or claim arising out of or related to your Oracle employment and to waive all rights to a trial or hearing before a court or jury, except as provided below.
Proprietary Information
Oracle's proprietary rights and confidential information are among the company's most important assets. In addition to signing this Agreement as a condition of employment, you also must sign the Proprietary Information Agreement included in the New Hire Offer Packet.
Oracle Policies
Your adherence to the Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, set forth in a booklet that is mailed to you within two weeks of your first date of employment at Oracle, is vital to Oracle and to your success at Oracle. When you sign this Agreement, you are agreeing to thoroughly familiarize yourself with the Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and you are agreeing to abide by it. You also agree to take Oracle's Ethics and Business Conduct course, available on-line through Oracle's intranet. In addition, when you sign this Agreement, you are acknowledging that you have read the letter addressing Oracle's Safety Program highlights included in the New Hire Offer Packet. Oracle maintains an Internal Privacy Policy, which describes Oracle's privacy practices for employment-related information, including personal information that may be collected, how and where personal information is processed, to whom personal information may be provided, and how you may access and rectify personal information about you. You agree to abide by the terms of Oracle's Internal Privacy Policy in effect during your employment; a current copy of such policy is also included in the New Hire Offer Packet. The Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, the Oracle Employee Handbook, and Oracle's Internal Privacy Policy are all on the Oracle intranet and accessible to all employees. You agree, after beginning employment, to access the Employee Handbook and thoroughly familiarize yourself with Oracle policies and to abide by them. Additionally, from time to time, Oracle will communicate important information about its policies by way of electronic mail notification and/or the Oracle intranet. By signing this agreement, you agree to thoroughly review these policy communications and to abide by them.
Oracle is a government contractor, and, as such, certain federal, state, and local laws may place prohibitions or other restrictions on the ability of former government workers, and/or relatives of current or former government workers, to be employed by or to perform certain work on behalf of Oracle. By signing below, you are affirming that your employment with Oracle, and any work you perform while employed by Oracle, will not conflict with any such prohibitions or restrictions.
Employment Eligibility
In order to comply with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, the federal government requires the company to examine documents which prove your legal right to work in the United States. Please see the Verification of Eligibility for Employment information which also is a part of the New Hire Offer Packet.
Benefits
Oracle offers its employees a comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance package through Oracleflex, a flexible benefits program. Oracleflex may require employee contributions. The company also offers benefits including a 401(k) Savings and Retirement Plan, an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, a Dependent Care Reimbursement Plan and an Educational Reimbursement Plan. The details of these plans are included in the New Hire Offer Packet and/or are available on the Oracle intranet. You understand that you must make your Oracleflex benefits elections within the limited time period set forth in the communication accompanying your personal identification number that you will receive after beginning employment.
By signing this Agreement, you authorize Oracle to deduct from your compensation any and all contributions associated with your elections under Oracleflex, the Oracle 401(k) Savings and Investment Plan, the Oracle Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or any other benefit offered by Oracle in which you participate and for which an employee contribution is required.
Your starting compensation, position and other terms and conditions related to your employment are set forth in the offer letter you received. By signing this Agreement, you also are agreeing to the terms and conditions set forth in the offer letter, which are incorporated herein. Oral or written representations contradicting or supplementing the terms of the offer letter are not valid.
At-Will Employment
Employment at Oracle is at-will. The company makes no express or implied commitment that your employment will have a minimum or fixed term, that Oracle may take adverse employment action only for cause or that your employment is terminable only for cause. Either you or Oracle may terminate the employment relationship at any time for any reason. Additionally, Oracle may take any other employment action at any time for any reason. No one at Oracle may make, unless specifically authorized in writing by Oracle's Board of Directors, any promise, express or implied, that employment is for any fixed term or that cause is required for the termination of or change in the employment relationship.
Equal Employment Opportunity and Escalation Process
Oracle believes that all employees should be treated fairly and equitably in conformance with its Equal Employment Opportunity policy. We take personnel action without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law. Our commitment to this policy applies to every phase of the employment relationship, and we make every effort to comply with this policy. If, however, you feel you have not been treated fairly in some way in your Oracle employment, you agree, before taking any other action, to make a written complaint to a Director of the Human Resources Department and to allow individuals within the Department a reasonable period of time in which to investigate and informally attempt to resolve your issues.
Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate
You and Oracle understand and agree that any existing or future dispute or claim arising out of or related to your Oracle employment, or the termination of that employment, will be resolved by final and binding arbitration and that no other forum for dispute resolution will be available to either party, except as to those claims identified below. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on both you and Oracle and it shall be enforceable by any court having proper jurisdiction.
The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, and in accordance with the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration Association or the Employment Arbitration Rules and Procedures adopted by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation Services ("JAMS"). The arbitrator will have all the powers a judge would have in dealing with any question or dispute that may arise before, during and after the arbitration.
Claims Not Covered
Claims not covered by this Arbitration Agreement are:
 
 
 
Costs
Oracle agrees to bear the costs of the arbitrator's fee and all other costs related to the arbitration, assuming such costs are not expenses that you would be required to bear if you were bringing the action in a court of law. You and Oracle shall each bear your own attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the arbitration, and the arbitrator will not have authority to award attorneys' fees unless a statute at issue in the dispute or other appropriate law authorizes the award of attorneys' fees to the prevailing party, in which case the arbitrator shall have the authority to make an award of attorneys' fees as permitted by the applicable statute or law.
Consideration
You understand and acknowledge that you are offered employment in consideration of your promise to arbitrate claims. In addition, the promises by Oracle and by you to resolve claims by arbitration in accordance with the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement, rather than through the courts, provide consideration for each other.
Knowing and Voluntary Agreement; Complete Agreement
You understand and agree that you have been advised to consult with an attorney of your own choosing before signing this Employment Agreement & Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate, and you have had an opportunity to do so.
YOU FURTHER UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT & MUTUAL AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CAREFULLY. BY SIGNING IT, YOU ARE EXPRESSLY WAIVING ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO A TRIAL OR HEARING BEFORE A COURT OR JURY OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION UNDER THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WHICH CLAIMS YOU MAY NOW OR IN THE FUTURE HAVE.
This Arbitration Agreement contains the complete agreement between Oracle and you regarding the subject of arbitration and alternate dispute resolution, and supersedes any and all prior written, oral, or other types of representations and agreements between Oracle and you, if any.
Severability
If any portion of this Employment Agreement & Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate shall, for any reason, be held invalid or unenforceable, or contrary to public policy or any law, the remainder of the Agreement shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, but shall remain in full force and effect, as if the invalid or unenforceable term or portion thereof had not existed within this Agreement.
Modification
This Employment Agreement & Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate may be modified only in a writing, expressly referencing this Agreement and you by full name, signed by you and Oracle's Board of Directors.
By signing below you are agreeing that you have read and understood every provision of this Agreement and that, in consideration for your employment at Oracle, you agree to abide by its terms.
 

Exhibit 99.1
 Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that Mark V. Hurd has joined Oracle as President and has been named to Oracle's Board of Directors. Mr. Hurd will report to Oracle CEO Larry Ellison.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., September 6, 2010
"Mark did a brilliant job at HP and I expect he'll do even better at Oracle," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "There is no executive in the IT world with more relevant experience than Mark. Oracle's future is engineering complete and integrated hardware and software systems for the enterprise. Mark pioneered the integration of hardware with software when Teradata was a part of NCR."
"Mark is an outstanding executive and a proven winner," said Oracle President Safra Catz. "I look forward to working with him for years to come. As Oracle continues to grow we need people experienced in operating a $100 billion business."
"I believe Oracle's strategy of combining software with hardware will enable Oracle to beat IBM in both enterprise servers and storage," said Mark Hurd. "Exadata is just the beginning. We have some exciting new systems we are going to announce later this month at Oracle OpenWorld. I'm excited to be a part of the most innovative technology team in the IT industry."
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. When used in this press release, the words "will", "future", "expect", "look forward to", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements. Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially
different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at . All information set forth in this press release is current as of September 7, 2010. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open and integrated business software and hardware systems company.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Contact:
Deborah Hellinger
Oracle Corporate Communications
212.508.7935
Deborah.hellinger@oracle.com

Exhibit 99.2
 Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that Charles Phillips has resigned his position as President and as a member of the board of directors.
Redwood Shores, Calif., September 6, 2010
"Charles has evolved our field culture toward a more customer-centric organization and improved our top line consistency through a period of tremendous change and growth," said Oracle CEO Larry Ellison. "When Charles approached me last December and expressed his desire to transition out of the company, I asked him to stay on through the Sun integration which has gone well. We will miss his talent and leadership, but I respect his decision."
"I want to thank Larry Ellison and the Oracle Board of Directors for the tremendous opportunity to be a part of an important and winning team for the last 29 quarters," said Phillips. "It has been an honor to work with them, Safra Catz, and the thousands of Oracle employees around the world who are committed to delivering high quality products and services to customers, and to be a part of one of the most innovative companies on the planet."
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open and integrated business software and hardware systems company.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Contact:
Deborah Hellinger
Oracle Corporate Communications
212.508.7935
Deborah.hellinger@oracle.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20100916161410.txt.gz
TIME:20100916161410
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item 8.01 Other Events
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On September 16, 2010, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended August 31, 2010. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock payable on November 3, 2010, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 6, 2010.
Oracle's press release dated September 16, 2010, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., September 16, 2010  Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2011 Q1 GAAP total revenues were up 48% to $7.5 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 50% to $7.6 billion. GAAP new software license revenues were up 25% to $1.3 billion. Both the GAAP and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 11% to $3.5 billion. GAAP operating income was up 10% to $1.9 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 26%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 27% to $2.9 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 39%. GAAP net income was up 20% to $1.4 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 38% to $2.1 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.27, up 20% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 38% to $0.42. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $8.8 billion.
"We executed better than expected on both the top and bottom line for the quarter," said Oracle CFO, Jeff Epstein. "Strong revenue performance plus disciplined business management enabled a 38% increase in non-GAAP earnings per share to $0.42."
"Our software business grew strongly in all regions with new license sales up 25%," said Oracle President, Safra Catz. "Our hardware business also grew faster than we expected with Sun Solaris servers and Exadata leading the way."
"Next week at Oracle OpenWorld we will announce two new high-end systems that combine Sun hardware with Oracle software," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "We will invest over $4 billion in research and development this year, so our already robust product portfolio is only going to get stronger."
"Our Exadata database machine continued to win new customers in Q1," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "The worldwide Exadata pipeline now exceeds $1.5 billion for the full fiscal year."
In addition, Oracle's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 6, 2010, with a payment date of November 3, 2010. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
Q1 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (800) 214-0745 or (913) 643-0950, Passcode: 804992. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit our website at or call Investor Relations at (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and global economic crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our entrance into the hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this new business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Sun Microsystems, may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of September 16, 2010. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20101013140651.txt.gz
TIME:20101013140651
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Executive Bonus Plan
The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors (the "Board") of Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") previously approved, subject to stockholder approval, the adoption of the Oracle Corporation Executive Bonus Plan (the "Executive Bonus Plan"). The Executive Bonus Plan is a variable cash incentive plan designed to motivate certain executives to achieve financial performance objectives and to reward them when such objectives are met. Further, bonuses paid under the Executive Bonus Plan are intended to be deductible by Oracle to the maximum extent possible as "performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Oracle on October 6, 2010 (the "Annual Meeting"), Oracle's stockholders, upon the recommendation of the Board, approved the adoption of the Executive Bonus Plan.
The foregoing description of the Executive Bonus Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Executive Bonus Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 10.29 to this report. For a more complete description of the terms of the Executive Bonus Plan, please see "Proposal No. 2  Approve the Oracle Corporation Executive Bonus Plan" (pages 49  51) of Oracle's proxy statement dated September 7, 2010 (the "Proxy Statement") filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Amended and Restated 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan
The Board previously approved, subject to stockholder approval, the adoption of the Oracle Corporation Amended and Restated 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (the "2000 Stock Plan"), including an amendment to extend the termination date of the plan by 10 years and increase the number of authorized shares of stock that may be issued under the 2000 Stock Plan by 388,313,015 shares. At the Annual Meeting, Oracle's stockholders, upon the recommendation of the Board, approved the adoption of the 2000 Stock Plan.
The foregoing description of the 2000 Stock Plan is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 2000 Stock Plan, which is filed as Exhibit 10.30 to this report. For a more complete description of the terms of the 2000 Stock Plan, please see "Proposal No. 3  Approve the Oracle Corporation Amended and Restated 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan" (pages 52  56) of the Proxy Statement.
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
The following is a brief description of each matter submitted to a vote at the Annual Meeting, as well as the number of votes cast with respect to each matter. For more information about these proposals, please refer to the Proxy Statement.
 
Proposal No. 1
The stockholders elected each of the following persons as a director to hold office until the 2011 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until earlier retirement, resignation or removal.
 
Proposal No. 2
The stockholders approved the Executive Bonus Plan with 3,392,798,791 affirmative votes, 568,666,692 votes against, 5,363,838 votes abstaining and 492,657,185 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 3
The stockholders approved the 2000 Stock Plan with 2,807,711,322 affirmative votes, 1,152,999,553 votes against, 6,118,446 votes abstaining and 492,657,185 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 4
The stockholders ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Oracle's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2011 with 4,432,051,180 affirmative votes, 23,274,299 votes against and 4,161,027 votes abstaining.
Proposal No. 5
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal to request that our Board amend our bylaws to establish a board committee on sustainability with 94,254,086 affirmative votes, 3,371,528,976 votes against, 501,046,259 votes abstaining and 492,657,185 broker non-votes.
 
Proposal No. 6
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal to request that our Board amend our bylaws to provide that in uncontested director elections, directors will be elected by a majority vote rather than by a plurality of the votes cast, with 1,239,493,593 affirmative votes, 2,717,584,703 votes against, 9,751,025 votes abstaining and 492,657,185 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 7
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal to request that the Compensation Committee of the Board adopt a policy requiring that senior executives retain at least 75% of net after-tax shares acquired through equity compensation programs until two years following the termination of their employment with 822,387,550 affirmative votes, 3,123,180,770 votes against, 21,261,001 votes abstaining and 492,657,185 broker non-votes.
Section 9  Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: October 13, 2010
 

Exhibit 10.29
1. ESTABLISHMENT AND PURPOSE
1.1 . The purpose of the Oracle Corporation Executive Bonus Plan (the "Plan") is to motivate certain executives to achieve financial performance objectives and to reward them when such objectives are met. To this end, the Plan provides a means of rewarding Participants based on the performance of the Company and/or its lines of business or business units and, where applicable, on a Participant's personal performance. The Plan is intended to permit the payment of bonuses that are deductible to the maximum extent possible as "performance-based compensation" under Section 162(m) of the Code.
Purpose
1.2 . The Plan is effective as of July 12, 2010, subject to ratification by an affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of the Company's common stock that are present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Company's 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
Effective Date
2. DEFINITIONS
2.1. shall mean an incentive award earned by a Participant under the Plan for any Performance Period.
""
Actual Award
2.2. shall mean any corporation or other entity (including, but not limited to, partnerships and join ventures) controlled by the Company.
""
Affiliate
2.3. shall mean the Company's Board of Directors.
""
Board
2.4. shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder shall include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation.
""
Code
2.5. shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board.
""
Committee
2.6. shall mean Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and any successor corporation.
""
Company
2.7. shall mean the latest possible date that will permit a Target Award or Actual Award to be qualified as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code.
""
Determination Date
2.8. shall have the meaning given to it in Section 1.2.
""
Effective Date
2.9. shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.
""
GAAP
2.10. shall mean as to any Participant for any one year Performance Period, an amount not to exceed $15,000,000; such Maximum Award shall be adjusted upwards or downwards on a pro rata basis to reflect a Performance Period longer or shorter than one year.
""
Maximum Award
2.11. for any Performance Period, shall mean an officer of the Corporation or its subsidiaries who is designated by the Committee to participate in the Plan.
""
Participant
2.12. as to any Performance Period, shall mean the formula or payout matrix established by the Committee pursuant to Section 3.4 in order to determine the Actual Awards (if any) to be paid to Participants. The formula or matrix may differ from Participant to Participant.
""
Payout Formula
2.13. shall mean means the goal(s) (or combined goal(s)) determined by the Committee (in its discretion) to be applicable to a Participant for a Target Award for a Performance Period. As determined by the Committee, the Performance Goals for any Target Award applicable to a Participant may provide for a targeted level or levels of achievement using one or more of the following measures: (a) bookings, (b) cash flow, operating cash flow, or cash flow or operating cash flow per share (before or after dividends), (c) customer growth, (d) earnings per share, (e) EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), (f) net income, (g) net or gross sales, (h) operating expenses, (i) operating income, (j) operating or gross margin, (k) profit margins, (l) profits, (m) reduction in costs/budget attainment, (n) return on assets, (o) return on equity, (p) return on sales, (q) revenue, (r) total return to stockholders, (s) stock price, and (t) working capital. Any criteria used may be measured, as applicable, (i) in absolute terms, (ii) in relative terms, including, but not limited, passage of time (such as year over year growth) and/or against another company or a comparison group of companies designated by the Committee, (iii) on a per-share basis, (iv) against the performance of the Company as a whole or one or more identifiable business units, products, lines of business or segments of the Company, (v) on a pre-tax or after-tax basis, and/or (vi) on a GAAP or non-GAAP basis. Prior to the Determination Date, the Committee shall determine whether any element(s) (for example, but not by way of limitation, the effect of acquisitions) shall be included in or excluded from the calculation of any Performance Goal with respect to any Participants, regardless of whether such determinations result in any Performance Goal being measured on a basis other than GAAP.
""
Performance Goals
2.14. shall generally mean the fiscal year of the Company but it may also mean any such other period of time which may be as short as three months but shall not exceed three fiscal years, as designated by the Committee in its sole discretion with respect to which an Actual Award may be earned. With respect to any Participant, there shall exist no more than three Performance Periods at any one time.
""
Performance Period
2.15. shall mean this Oracle Corporation Executive Bonus Plan, as set forth in this document and as hereafter amended from time to time.
""
Plan
2.16. shall mean the target award payable under the Plan to a Participant for the Performance Period expressed as a specific dollar amount, as determined by the Committee in accordance with Section 3.3.
""
Target Award
 
3. SELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS AND DETERMINATION OF AWARDS
3.1. .The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall select the officers who shall be Participants for any Performance Period. Participation in the Plan is in the sole discretion of the Committee, and on a Performance Period by Performance Period basis. Accordingly, an officer who is a Participant for a given Performance Period in no way is guaranteed or assured of being selected for participation in any subsequent Performance Period.
Selection of Participants
3.2. . The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall establish the Performance Goals for all eligible Participants for the Performance Period. Such Performance Goals shall be set forth in writing.
Determination of Performance Goals
3.3. . Each Participant's Target Award shall be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and each Target Award shall be set forth in writing.
Determination of Target Awards
3.4. . The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall establish a Payout Formula or Formulae for purposes of determining the Actual Award (if any) payable to each Participant. Each Payout Formula shall (a) be in writing, (b) be based on a comparison of actual performance to the Performance Goals, (c) provide for the payment of a Participant's Target Award if the Performance Goals for the Performance Period are achieved, and (d) provide for an Actual Award greater than or less than the Participant's Target Award, depending upon the extent to which actual performance exceeds or falls below the Performance Goals. Notwithstanding the preceding, in no event shall a Participant's Actual Award for any Performance Period exceed his or her Maximum Award.
Determination of Payout Formula or Formulae
3.5. . The Committee shall make all determinations under Sections 3.1 through 3.4 on or before the Determination Date.
Date for Determinations
3.6. . After the end of each Performance Period, the Committee shall certify in writing the extent to which the Performance Goals applicable to each Participant for the Performance Period were achieved or exceeded. The Actual Award for each Participant shall be determined by applying the Payout Formula to the level of actual performance that has been certified by the Committee. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of the Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may eliminate or reduce the Actual Award payable to any Participant below that which otherwise would be payable under the Payout Formula, including discretion that is exercised through the establishment of additional objective or subjective goals.
Determination of Actual Awards
3.7. . In order to be eligible for an Actual Award, a Participant must be actively employed by the Company or a subsidiary through the date of payment of an Actual Award. If a Participant's employment terminates for any reason prior to such date, the Participant will not be eligible for an Actual Award and no such award will be paid to the Participant. For purposes of the Plan, transfer of employment of a Participant between the Company and any one of its subsidiaries or Affiliates (or between subsidiaries or Affiliates) shall not be deemed a termination of employment.
Termination Prior to the Date the Actual Award is Paid
 
3.8. . If a Participant is on a leave of absence at any time during a Performance Period, the Committee may reduce his or her Actual Award proportionately based on the duration of the leave of absence (and subject to further reduction or elimination under Sections 3.6 and 3.7).
Leave of Absence
4. PAYMENT OF AWARDS
4.1. . Each Actual Award that may become payable under the Plan shall be paid solely from the general assets of the Company or subsidiary that employs the Participant (as the case may be), as determined by the Committee. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to create a trust or to establish or evidence any Participant's claim of any right to payment of an Actual Award other than as an unsecured general creditor with respect to any payment to which he or she may be entitled.
Rights to Receive Payments
4.2. . Payment of each Actual Award shall be made as soon as administratively practicable but in any event within two and one-half calendar months after the end of the Performance Period during which the Actual Award was earned (in the case of any Performance Period based on a fiscal year, by August 15
Timing and Form of Payment
th
thereafter). Each Actual Award shall be paid in cash (or its equivalent) in a single lump sum unless such amounts are otherwise deferred in accordance with Section 7.2.
5. ADMINISTRATION
5.1. . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. The Committee shall consist of two or more persons appointed by the Board, all of whom shall be "outside directors" as defined under Section 162(m) of the Code and related regulations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of a Committee member to qualify as an "outside director" shall not invalidate the payment of any Actual Award under the Plan.
Administrator
5.2. . The Committee shall have all discretion and authority necessary or appropriate to administer the Plan and to interpret the provisions of the Plan, consistent with qualification of the Plan as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code. All determinations and decisions made by the Committee, the Board, and any delegate of the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, conclusive, and binding on all persons, and shall be given the maximum deference permitted by law.
Committee Authority
5.3. . The Committee, in its sole discretion and on such terms and conditions as it may provide, may delegate all or part of its authority and powers under the Plan to one or more directors and/or officers of the Company; provided, however, that the Committee may not delegate its authority and/or powers with respect to awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code.
Delegation by the Committee
6. AMENDMENT, TERMINATION AND DURATION
6.1. . The Board or the Committee, each in its sole discretion, may amend or terminate the Plan, or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason. The amendment, suspension or termination of the Plan shall not, without the consent of
Amendment, Suspension or Termination
 
the Participant, alter or impair any rights or obligations under any Target Award theretofore granted to such Participant. No Actual Award may be granted during any period of suspension or after termination of the Plan.
6.2. . The Plan shall commence on the date specified herein, and subject to Section 6.1 (regarding the Board or the Committee's right to amend or terminate the Plan), shall remain in effect thereafter. As long as the Plan remains in effect, it shall be resubmitted to stockholders at least every five years as required by Section 162(m) of the Code.
Duration of the Plan
7. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
7.1. . The Company or a subsidiary shall withhold all applicable taxes from any Actual Award, including any federal, state and local taxes (including, but not limited to, the Participant's FICA and SDI obligations); notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Participant defers receipt of payment in accordance with Section 7.2, the Company or a subsidiary shall withhold from the Actual Award only applicable taxes as then required by law.
Tax Withholding
7.2. . The Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit a Participant to defer receipt of the payment of cash that would otherwise be delivered to a Participant under the Plan under the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan (or any similar successor plan). Any such deferral elections shall be made in compliance with Section 409A of the Code.
Deferrals
7.3. . Nothing in the Plan shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company, a subsidiary of the Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, to terminate any Participant's employment or service at any time, with or without cause. The Company expressly reserves the right, which may be exercised at any time and without regard to when (whether during or after a Performance Period) such exercise occurs, to terminate any individual's employment with or without cause, and to treat him or her without regard to the effect which such treatment might have upon him or her as a Participant.
No Employment Right
7.4. . No executive shall have the right to be selected to receive an award under this Plan, or, having been so selected, to be selected to receive a future award.
Participation
7.5. . Each person who is or shall have been a member of the Committee, or of the Board, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from (a) any loss, cost, liability, or expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or any award, and (b) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company's approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or proceeding against him or her, provided he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the Company's Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless.
Indemnification
 
7.6. . All obligations of the Company under the Plan, with respect to awards granted hereunder, shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company.
Successors
7.7. . No award granted under the Plan may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated. All rights with respect to an award granted to a Participant shall be available during his or her lifetime only to the Participant.
Nontransferability of Awards
7.8. . It is the intent of the Company that the Plan and the awards under the Plan to Participants who are or may become persons whose compensation is subject to Section 162(m) of the Code, satisfy any applicable requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code. Any provision, application or interpretation of the Plan inconsistent with this intent shall be disregarded. However, the Company may also pay discretionary bonuses, or other types of compensation outside the Plan, which may or may not be deductible. The provisions of the Plan may be bifurcated by the Board or the Committee at any time so that certain provisions of the Plan, or any award, required in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code are only applicable to Participants whose compensation is subject to Section 162(m) of the Code.
Section 162(m) Conditions; Bifurcation of Plan
7.9. . To the extent that any Actual Bonus under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the terms and administration of such Actual Award shall comply with the provisions of such section and good faith reasonable interpretations thereof, and, to the extent necessary to achieve compliance, shall be modified, replaced or terminated at the discretion of the Committee.
Section 409A
7.10. . In the event any provision of the Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the Plan, and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included.
Severability
7.11. . Captions are provided herein for convenience only, and shall not serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of the Plan.
Captions
 

Exhibit 10.30
This Amended and Restated 2000 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan ) is established as a compensatory plan to enable Oracle Corporation (the ) to provide an incentive to eligible employees, officers, independent consultants, directors who are also employees or consultants, and advisers whose present and potential contributions are important to the continued success of the Company; to afford such persons an opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company, and to enable the Company to continue to enlist and retain in its employ the best available talent for the successful conduct of its business. It is intended that this purpose will be effected through the granting of (a) stock options, (b) stock purchase rights, (c) stock appreciation rights and (d) long-term stock awards.
SECTION 1. Purpose.
("Plan"
"Company"
As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:
SECTION 2. Definitions.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 3. Eligibility.
 
 
 
 
SECTION 4. Stock Subject to the Plan.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 5. Administration.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Options to eligible Participants and shall determine whether such Options shall be Incentive Stock Options ("ISOs") within the meaning of the Code, Nonqualified Stock Options ("NQSOs") or any other type of Option which may exist from time to time. Each Option shall be evidenced by a Grant which shall expressly identify the Option as an ISO or as NQSO (or other type of Option, as applicable), and be in such form and contain such provisions as the Committee shall from time to time deem appropriate. Without limiting the foregoing, the Committee may, at any time, or from time to time, authorize the Company, with the consent of the respective recipients, to issue new Options.
SECTION 6. Stock Options.
The Committee shall determine the number of Shares subject to the Option, the exercise price of the Option, the period during which the Option may be exercised, and all other terms and conditions of the Option, subject to the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Committee shall have discretion to determine whether a Participant has ceased to be employed by the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company, as appropriate, and the effective date on which such employment terminated or whether such Participant is on an authorized leave of absence.
 
 
 
The Committee, in its discretion, may grant Stock Appreciation Rights to eligible Participants. The following provisions apply to such Stock Appreciation Rights.
SECTION 7. Stock Appreciation Rights.
 
 
 
 
 
 
SECTION 8. Stock Purchase Rights.
 
 
 
 
SECTION 9. Long-Term Stock Awards.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Long-Term Stock Award agreement, if a Participant terminates employment or his or her consultancy during a Restriction Period for any other reason, then such Participant shall not be entitled to any payment with respect to the Long-Term Stock Award subject to such Restriction Period, unless the Committee shall otherwise determine.
 
SECTION 10. Withholding Taxes.
 
 
Unless specifically provided to the contrary in any Grant or Purchase Agreement, upon a Change of Control, (a) unless outstanding Options and Rights are effectively assumed by the surviving or acquiring corporation or otherwise remain outstanding, such Options and Rights shall become fully vested and exercisable, and any repurchase or resale restrictions applicable to any award granted hereunder shall automatically lapse and such Options or Rights shall expire on the consummation of such Change of Control transaction at such times and on such conditions as the Committee shall determine and (b) if an Option or Right is effectively so assumed or remains outstanding, and the Participant's employment is terminated (within the meaning of Section 6 hereof) by the surviving or acquiring corporation without cause within twelve (12) months after the consummation of such Change of Control transaction, such Option or Right shall accelerate and become immediately and fully exercisable, and any repurchase or resale restrictions applicable to any such award shall automatically lapse, upon such termination.
SECTION 11. Change of Control.
Nothing in the Plan or any award made hereunder shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or of any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate to terminate any Participant's employment or consulting relationship at any time, with
SECTION 12. Employment Relationship.
 
or without cause, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.
Each award shall be subject to the requirement that, if, at any time, the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, or qualification of the Shares subject to such award upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any government regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with, such award or the issue or purchase of Shares thereunder, such award may not be exercised or paid in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent, or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Committee. The Committee shall be under no obligation to obtain or seek such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval.
SECTION 13. General Restriction.
The holder of an Option, Right or Long-Term Stock Award shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by the Option, Right or Long-Term Stock Award until the Shares subject to such award have been entered upon the records of the duly authorized transfer agent of the Company. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no adjustment shall be made for dividends or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such stock certificate so entered.
SECTION 14. Rights as a Stockholder.
Except as otherwise provided in Section 6(f) and 9(a) hereof, no awards made hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by the Participant except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and as otherwise consistent with the specific Plan provisions relating thereto or as the Committee in its sole discretion shall approve either for or without consideration. During the life of the Participant, an Option, Right or Long-Term Stock Award shall be exercisable only by him or her, or by a transferee as permitted by Section 6(f) or 9(a) hereof and any award agreement.
SECTION 15. Limitations on Assignment of Awards.
Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board, the submission of the Plan to the stockholders of the Company for approval, nor any provisions of the Plan shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such additional compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable, including without limitation, arrangements providing for the granting of Options otherwise than under the Plan, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases.
SECTION 16. Nonexclusivity of the Plan.
This Plan shall become effective on the date that it is adopted by the Board of the Company and approved by the stockholders of the Company, in any manner permitted by applicable corporate law.
SECTION 17. Adoption and Stockholder Approval.
Awards may be granted pursuant to this Plan from time to time prior to the expiration hereof, which shall occur on the date of the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders in 2020.
SECTION 18. Term of Plan.
 
SECTION 19. Amendment or Termination of Plan.
 
 
With respect to Awards subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the provisions of the Plan and any Award Document shall be interpreted in a manner that satisfies the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Plan shall be operated accordingly. If any provision of the Plan or any term or condition of any Award would otherwise frustrate or conflict with this intent, the provision, term or condition will be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid this conflict
SECTION 20. Section 409A of the Code.
.
The Plan and each Award Document shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without application of the conflicts of law principles thereof.
SECTION 21. Governing Law.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20101216160709.txt.gz
TIME:20101216160709
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On December 16, 2010, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended November 30, 2010. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock payable on February 9, 2011, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 19, 2011.
Oracle's press release dated December 16, 2010, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced both fiscal 2011 Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP total revenues were up 47% to $8.6 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 21% to $2.0 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 12% to $3.6 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 12% to $3.7 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were $1.1 billion. GAAP operating income was up 27% to $2.8 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 32%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 33% to $3.8 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 44%. GAAP net income was up 28% to $1.9 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 34% to $2.6 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.37, up 27% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 33% to $0.51. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $9.1 billion.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 16, 2010
"Strong revenue performance plus disciplined business management enabled a 33% increase in non-GAAP earnings per share to $0.51," said Oracle President, Safra Catz. "Our new license growth of 21% demonstrates the strength of the company-specific momentum we are seeing. And our Sun business continues to improve with hardware gross margins increasing to 53%."
"Since joining Oracle I've met with and visited many customers that have expressed a high level of enthusiasm around our strategy of engineering hardware and software that works together," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "That enthusiasm translates into an Exadata pipeline that has now grown to nearly $2 billion. That number is a good leading indicator that customers are planning to increase their investment in Oracle technology."
"Sun's new SPARC Supercluster computer shattered the world record for database transaction processing performance by running 3 times faster than IBM's fastest computer, and a stunning 7.5 times faster than HP's best ever database performance," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "Our new generation of Exadata, Exalogic and SPARC Supercluster computers deliver much better performance and much lower cost than the fastest machines from IBM and HP."
In addition, Oracle's Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.05 per share of outstanding common stock to be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 19, 2011, with a payment date of February 9, 2011. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Oracle's Board of Directors.
Q2 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (800) 214-0745 or (913) 643-0950, Passcode: 538205. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding the Exadata pipeline and customers' plans to increase their investments in Oracle technology, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and global economic crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our entrance into the hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this new business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Sun Microsystems, may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of December 16, 2010. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20110324160858.txt.gz
TIME:20110324160858
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On March 24, 2011, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 28, 2011. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock, an increase of $0.01 per share over the prior dividend. The dividend is payable on May 4, 2011, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 13, 2011.
Oracle's press release dated March 24, 2011, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section  9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2011 Q3 GAAP total revenues were up 37% to $8.8 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 36% to $8.8 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 29% to $2.2 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $3.7 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $3.8 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were $1.0 billion. GAAP operating income was up 62% to $3.0 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 34%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 35% to $3.9 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 44%. GAAP net income was up 78% to $2.1 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 42% to $2.8 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.41, up 75% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 40% to $0.54. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $9.9 billion.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 24, 2011
"Strong revenue growth coupled with disciplined business management enabled an increase in non-GAAP operating margin to 44% and earnings per share to $0.54," said Oracle President, Safra Catz. "Our hardware product gross margins increased to 55% in the quarter so we are now completely confident that we will exceed the $1.5 billion profit goal we set for the overall Sun business for the current fiscal year."
"Q3 performance was broad based with all geographies reporting revenue growth of 30% or higher," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "The sequential revenue growth for Exadata and Exalogic was up over 50%. And we expect to see an even higher growth rate for these two game changing technologies in Q4."
"In Q3 we signed several large hardware and software deals with some of the biggest names in cloud computing," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "For example, Salesforce.com's new multi-year contract enables them to continue building virtually all of their cloud services on top of the Oracle database and Oracle middleware. Oracle is the technology that powers the cloud."
In addition, Oracle also announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock, reflecting a 20% increase over the previous quarter's dividend of $0.05. This increased dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 13, 2011, with a payment date of May 4, 2011.
Q3 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (877) 612-6725 or (912) 312-0950, Passcode: 7536150. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's or its Board of Directors' future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding exceeding our profit goals for the Sun business and the higher growth rates for Exadata and Exalogic in Q4, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and global economic
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
crisis and the current situation in Japan caused by the recent earthquake and resulting tsunami, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our entrance into the hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this new business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions, including our acquisition of Sun Microsystems, may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses, risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations and risks to the sales of our products and services and supply chain operations caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of March 24, 2011. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20110426165707.txt.gz
TIME:20110426165707
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Departure of Chief Financial Officer and Appointment of Chief Financial Officer
Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") announced that Jeff Epstein, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, resigned from Oracle effective as of April 25, 2011. Mr. Epstein has agreed to execute a Resignation Agreement which will provide that he will receive $800,000, which is based on the approximate pro rata amount of his potential cash bonus for fiscal 2011, and in which Mr. Epstein will provide Oracle and its affiliates with a general release of claims in a form acceptable to Oracle. Mr. Epstein's resignation is not related to any disagreement with Oracle's accounting or operating policies or practices.
Safra A. Catz, President of Oracle, has been appointed Chief Financial Officer effective as of April 25, 2011. Ms. Catz, 49, has been a President since January 2004 and has served as a Director since October 2001. She was Chief Financial Officer from November 2005 until September 2008 and Interim Chief Financial Officer from April 2005 until July 2005. She served as an Executive Vice President from November 1999 to January 2004 and Senior Vice President from April 1999 to October 1999.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: April 26, 2011
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20110623160957.txt.gz
TIME:20110623160957
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On June 23, 2011, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year ended May 31, 2011. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock payable on August 3, 2011, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 13, 2011.
Oracle's press release dated June 23, 2011, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2011 Q4 GAAP total revenues were up 13% to $10.8 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 12% to $10.8 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 19% to $3.7 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 15% to $4.0 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were down 6% to $1.2 billion. GAAP operating income was up 32% to $4.4 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 40%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 19% to $5.2 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 48%. GAAP net income was up 36% to $3.2 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 27% to $3.9 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.62, up 34% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 25% to $0.75. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $11.2 billion.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 23, 2011
For fiscal year 2011, GAAP total revenues were up 33% to $35.6 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 33% to $35.9 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 23% to $9.2 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $14.8 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 13% to $14.9 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were $4.4 billion. GAAP operating income was up 33% to $12.0 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 34%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 27% to $15.9 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 44%. GAAP net income was up 39% to $8.5 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 34% to $11.4 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $1.67, up 38% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 33% to $2.22.
"In Q4, we achieved a 19% new software license growth rate with almost no help from acquisitions," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "This strong organic growth combined with continuously improving operational efficiencies enabled us to deliver a 48% operating margin in the quarter. As our results reflect, we clearly exceeded even our own high expectations for Sun's business."
"In addition to record setting software sales, our Exadata and Exalogic systems also made a strong contribution to our growth in Q4," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "Today there are more than 1,000 Exadata machines installed worldwide. Our goal is to triple that number in FY12."
"In FY11 Oracle's database business experienced its fastest growth in a decade," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "Over the past few years we added features to the Oracle database for both cloud computing and in-memory databases that led to increased database sales this past year. Lately we've been focused on the big business opportunity presented by Big Data."
In addition, Oracle also announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock. This dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 13, 2011, with a payment date of August 3, 2011.
Q4 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (913) 312-0945 or (877) 612-6725, Passcode: 7002523. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at .
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
http://www.oracle.com
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and global economic crisis and the current situation in Japan caused by the recent earthquake and resulting tsunami, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses, risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations and risks to the sales of our products and services and supply chain operations caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of June 23, 2011. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20110629080624.txt.gz
TIME:20110629080624
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7  Regulation FD
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
Acquisition of Pillar Data Systems, Inc.
On June 29, 2011, we agreed to acquire Pillar Data Systems, Inc., a company headquartered in San Jose, California, that develops and sells enterprise storage systems solutions ("Pillar Data"). Pillar Data is directly and indirectly majority-owned and controlled by Lawrence J. Ellison, Oracle Corporation's Chief Executive Officer, director and largest stockholder.
We entered into an agreement and plan of merger dated as of June 29, 2011 (the "Merger Agreement"), with Panther Acquisition Corporation and Pillar Data, pursuant to which we will acquire all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of Pillar Data in exchange for rights to receive contingent cash merger consideration, i.e. an "earn-out," as described below and subject to certain conditions (the "Earn-Out"). As a result, we will not make any upfront payments to Pillar Data or any Pillar Data stockholders, including Mr. Ellison, or option holders upon the closing of the acquisition.
As of June 29, 2011, Pillar Data owed Mr. Ellison and his affiliates a total principal loan amount plus interest of approximately $544 million for amounts borrowed by Pillar Data in prior years (the "Pillar Data Loan"). Immediately prior to the closing of the acquisition, the then outstanding amount of the Pillar Data Loan will be converted into shares of preferred stock of Pillar Data which will have a right to dividends accruing at an annual rate of 1.5%. Mr. Ellison directly and indirectly will also beneficially own 55% of the fully diluted shares of common stock of Pillar Data immediately prior to the closing.
Upon closing of this acquisition, all of the common stock and stock options of Pillar Data will be cancelled in exchange for rights to receive a portion of the Earn-Out. Also upon closing, all of the preferred stock of Pillar Data will be cancelled in exchange for rights to receive a portion of the Earn-Out equal to the Pillar Data Loan plus an amount equal to the preferred stock dividends as if such dividends were to continue to accrue from the closing date through the date of payment of the Earn-Out. The preferred stock Earn-Out rights will have preference rights to the Earn-Out and will have priority over and be paid first before the other rights to the Earn-Out that result from the cancellation of the Pillar Data common stock and Pillar Data stock options.
In accordance with the Merger Agreement, Mr. Ellison and the other stockholders and the option holders of Pillar Data shall receive the Earn-Out, if any, on or before November 30, 2014 (assuming the transaction closes on or before August 31, 2011), which is 90 days following the completion of twelve (12) full fiscal quarters of Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") following the closing date of this transaction (the "Earn-Out Period"). The Earn-Out will be calculated based on a 3x multiple of certain future revenues of Pillar Data which will be reduced for certain future costs and other losses of Pillar Data. The Earn-Out is described in more detail below. Our obligation to pay the Earn-Out will be subject to reduction as a result of our right to set-off the amount of any indemnification claims we may have under the Merger Agreement.
We do not expect the amount of the Earn-Out or its potential impact will be material to our results of operations or financial position.
 
The Committee on Independence Issues of our Board of Directors (the "Independence Committee"), which is comprised solely of independent directors in accordance with the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, led the negotiation of this transaction and reviewed the terms of this transaction as required by the Independence Committee's Charter and Oracle's Conflict of Interest Policy for Senior Officers. The Independence Committee engaged its own separate legal counsel, Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, and its own separate financial advisor, Perella Weinberg Partners LP ("PWP"), to advise it on this transaction. PWP provided the Independence Committee with a fairness opinion in connection with this transaction. The terms of this transaction were unanimously approved by the Independence Committee and, based upon the recommendation of the Independence Committee, by the independent members of Oracle's Board of Directors after the Independence Committee and the independent members of Oracle's Board of Directors concluded that such terms were fair to Oracle and determined that the transaction was in the best interests of Oracle and its stockholders. Mr. Ellison recused himself from the internal discussions and deliberations of the Independence Committee and of the other independent members of Oracle's Board of Directors regarding this transaction. The amount of any Earn-Out to be paid by us in the future will also be determined by the Independence Committee in its sole discretion absent any arithmetic error.
As part of the terms of this transaction, the Independence Committee negotiated, among other things, that: (i) there is no duty for Oracle or the Independence Committee to ensure the Earn-Out will result in a payment to any Pillar Data stockholders and option holders, including Mr. Ellison; and (ii) the operation and management of the Pillar Data business during the Earn-Out Period will be in the sole and absolute discretion of Oracle with oversight from the Independence Committee. The Independence Committee plans to monitor the operation and management of the Pillar Data business and the progress of the Earn-Out during the Earn-Out Period.
The closing of this acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. This transaction's waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, expired on June 27, 2011.
Description of Earn-Out
The amount of the Earn-Out to be paid, if any, will equal:
an amount (if positive) in cash equal to the product of (i) the difference between (x) the Net Revenues recognized by Oracle from the Pillar Data Axiom Products during only the last four (4) fiscal quarters of the Earn-Out Period ("Year 3 of the Earn-Out Period") (y) the Net Losses (if any) during the entire Earn-Out Period, (ii) three (3).
minus
multiplied
by
The Earn-Out therefore will only be paid to Mr. Ellison, his affiliates and, if applicable, to the other Pillar Data stockholders and option holders if the Net Revenues during Year 3 of the Earn-Out Period exceed the Net Losses, if any, during the entire Earn-Out Period.
 
Earn-Out Definitions
"" means, for any given time period, the quotient obtained by (i) the amount of net revenues of Oracle attributable to the sale of the Pillar Data Axiom Products recognized in accordance with GAAP and Oracle's accounting and revenue recognition practices for such time period (ii) Oracle's total recognized revenues from its hardware systems products (including the Pillar Data Axiom Products) for such time period.
Allocation Fraction
dividing
by
"" means, for any given time period, the of (i) the product obtained by (a) Oracle's standard per unit costs of the Pillar Data Axiom Products sold during such time period, which such per unit costs include but are not limited to a standard materials and overhead allocation as determined pursuant to Oracle's standard inventory costing policies and processes for its hardware systems products (b) the number of units of the Pillar Data Axiom Products sold during such time period, (ii) the product obtained by (y) other expenses and/or income, net, directly attributable to the manufacturing of Oracle's hardware systems products pursuant to Oracle's standard policies and processes, which such expenses and/or income include but are not limited to standard costing variances such as purchase price variances and overhead absorption variances that have not been included as a component of Oracle's standard per unit costs sold during such time period (z) the Allocation Fraction for such time period.
Cost of Goods Sold
sum
multiplying
by
plus
multiplying
by
"" means, for any given time period, the amount of net revenues of Oracle attributable to support and maintenance of the Pillar Data Axiom Products that are not recognized as net support revenues by Oracle in accordance with GAAP because such net support revenues have not been recorded as deferred revenue on Oracle's opening balance sheet for Pillar Data in accordance with GAAP purchase accounting requirements, but are recognized as net support revenues in accordance with Oracle's accounting practices for non-GAAP financial reporting purposes with respect to such time period.
Deferred Revenue Adjustment
"" means, for any given time period, the amount (if any) by which (i) the of the following for such time period (a) the Cost of Goods Sold of Oracle recorded in accordance with GAAP and Oracle's accounting practices with respect to the Pillar Data Axiom Products, (b) the Support Costs, (c) Research and Development Costs and (d) the Selling Costs (ii) the Net Revenues for such time period.
Net Losses
sum
exceeds
"" means, for any given time period, (i) the amount of net revenues of Oracle attributable to the sale, license, maintenance and support of the Pillar Data Axiom Products (both hardware and software) recognized by Oracle in accordance with GAAP and Oracle's accounting and revenue recognition practices with respect to such time period (ii) the Deferred Revenue Adjustment; that in no event shall Net Revenues include (a) any revenues related to other products sold with or bundled with such Pillar Data Axiom Products or (b) any revenues from services provided with respect to any product, including the Pillar Data Axiom Products (except for maintenance and support services of the Pillar Data Axiom Products). If other products are sold with or bundled with Pillar Data Axiom Products, then the Net Revenues attributable to such Pillar Data Axiom Products will be determined in accordance with Oracle's then applicable corporation-wide accounting policies for multiple element sales and the proportional application of any price discounts.
Net Revenues
plus
provided, however,
 
"" means the products and systems of Pillar Data as of the date of the Merger Agreement and known as "Axiom," including certain other products and systems offered and under development by Pillar Data, and upgrades and improvements made by Oracle during the Earn-Out Period, but excluding any other products or services sold with, bundled with or otherwise related to the Pillar Data Axiom Products.
Pillar Data Axiom Products
"" means, for any given time period, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the research and development of Pillar Data Axiom Products.
Research and Development Costs
"" means, for any given time period, the product obtained by (i) Oracle's total selling costs for its hardware systems products (including the Pillar Data Axiom Products) for such time period (ii) the Allocation Fraction for such time period.
Selling Costs
multiplying
by
"" means, for any given time period, the product obtained by (i) Oracle's total support costs for its hardware systems products (including the Pillar Data Axiom Products) for such time period (ii) the quotient obtained by (a) the Net Revenues attributable to support of the Pillar Data Axiom Products (b) Oracle's total recognized revenues from support of its hardware systems products (including the Pillar Data Axiom Products) on a non-GAAP basis, which includes the amount of net revenues of Oracle attributable to support and maintenance of its hardware systems products that are not recognized as net support revenues by Oracle in accordance with GAAP because such net support revenues have not been recorded as deferred revenue on Oracle's opening balance sheet for Pillar Data in accordance with GAAP purchase accounting requirements, but are recognized as net support revenues in accordance with Oracle's accounting practices for non-GAAP financial reporting purposes, for such time period.
Support Costs
multiplying
by
dividing
by
Oracle's press release dated June 29, 2011, announcing this transaction is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Pillar Data, including statements about: Oracle's proposed acquisition of Pillar Data; the expected closing date; the conversion of the Pillar Data Loan to preferred stock and any other restructuring plans of Pillar Data prior to the closing of the transaction; the payment date of the Earn-Out; the expectation that the amount of the Earn-Out or its potential impact will not be material to our results of operations or financial position; the operation and management of the Pillar Data business during the Earn-Out Period and the Independence Committee's plans to monitor them; the Independence Committee's plans to monitor the progress of the Earn-Out during the Earn-Out Period; the calculation of the Earn-Out and if and whether the Earn-Out will be paid after the Earn-Out Period is completed; and general business outlook. When used in this document, the words "anticipates", "plans", "estimates", "may", "can", "will", "believes", "expects" or "expected", "projects", "intends", "likely", similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements.
Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Pillar Data, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties.
 
Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others: the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed; the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing; the amount of the Earn-Out if and when paid could be higher than expected; the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all; general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business; the possibility of litigation related to the acquisition; and the possibility that Oracle or Pillar Data may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Pillar Data.
In addition, please refer to the other documents that Oracle files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's operational, financial and other expectations, plans and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document. Neither Oracle nor Pillar Data is under any duty to update any of the information in this document.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Oracle Buys Pillar Data Systems
Oracle Adds to its Storage Portfolio
Redwood Shores, CA  June 29, 2011
News Facts
Supporting Quotes
Transaction Details
Supporting Resources
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business softwae and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, visit www.oracle.com
r
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements about Oracle and Pillar Data Systems, including statements about: Oracle's proposed acquisition of Pillar Data Systems; the acquisition helping Oracle deliver a complete line of storage products that runs Oracle software faster and more efficiently; the expected closing date; the expectation that the amount of the earn-out or its potential impact will not be material to our results of operations or financial position; anticipated customer advantages and benefits and general business outlook. When used in this press release, the words "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "may," "can," "will," "believes," "expects" or "expected," "projects," "intends," "likely," similar expressions and any other statements that are not historical facts are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements.
Any such statement may be influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond the control of Oracle or Pillar Data Systems, that could cause actual outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected, described, expressed or implied in this press release due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Potential risks and uncertainties include, among others: the possibility that the transaction will not close or that the closing may be delayed; the anticipated synergies of the combined companies may not be achieved after closing; the amount of the earn-out if and when paid could be higher than expected; the combined operations may not be successfully integrated in a timely manner, if at all; general economic conditions in regions in which either company does business; the possibility of litigation related to the acquisition; and the possibility that Oracle or Pillar Data Systems may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of Oracle or Pillar Data Systems.
In addition, please refer to the documents that Oracle files with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. These filings identify and address other important factors that could cause Oracle's operational and other expectations, plans and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements set forth in this document. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this press release. Neither Oracle nor Pillar Data Systems is under any duty to update any of the information in this press release.
Contact Info
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20110920160601.txt.gz
TIME:20110920160601
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On September 20, 2011, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended August 31, 2011. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock payable on November 2, 2011, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 12, 2011.
Oracle's press release dated September 20, 2011, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2012 Q1 GAAP total revenues were up 12% to $8.4 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 11% to $8.4 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 17% to $1.5 billion. GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 17% to $4.0 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 16% to $4.0 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were down 5% to $1.0 billion. GAAP operating income was up 40% to $2.7 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 32%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 21% to $3.6 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 42%. GAAP net income was up 36% to $1.8 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 16% to $2.5 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.36, up 34% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 14% to $0.48. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve month basis was $12.8 billion, up 46% from last year.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Sept. 20, 2011
"New software license sales grew 17%," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "This strong organic growth coupled with disciplined business management enabled yet another increase in our operating margin in Q1. Operating cash flow increased this quarter to $5.4 billion, up $1.6 billion from $3.8 billion in Q1 of last year."
"Our high-end server business  Exadata, Exalogic, and SPARC M-Series  delivered solid double digit revenue growth in Q1," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "In contrast, revenue declined in our low-end server business. By moving away from low-margin commodity hardware and focusing on high-end servers, we increased our hardware gross margins from 48% to 54%. Our strategy to grow the profitable parts of our hardware business is paying off."
"Next week Oracle will announce a new high-performance SPARC microprocessor, and a new high-end server called a SPARC SuperCluster," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "The new SPARC T4 microprocessor is up to 5 times faster than the T3 microprocessor it replaces. The new SuperCluster is engineered to use the SPARC T4 microprocessor and the Exadata flash and disk storage system to deliver extreme record-breaking performance."
In addition, Oracle also announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock. This dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 12, 2011, with a payment date of November 2, 2011.
Q1 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (913) 312-0945 or (877) 612-6725, Passcode: 667571. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. A replay of the conference call will also be available by dialing (719) 457-0820 or (888) 203-1112, Passcode: 1434269.
About Oracle
Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL) is the world's most complete, open, and integrated business software and hardware systems company. For more information about Oracle, please visit http://www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and global economic crisis and the current situation in Japan caused by the recent earthquake and resulting tsunami, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses, risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations and risks to the sales of our products and services and supply chain operations caused by the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of September 20, 2011. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20111014163054.txt.gz
TIME:20111014163054
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
On October 12, 2011, Oracle Corporation held its Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The following is a brief description of each matter submitted to a vote at the Annual Meeting, as well as the number of votes cast with respect to each matter. For more information about these proposals, please refer to Oracle Corporation's Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2011.
Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors
The stockholders elected each of the following persons as a director to hold office until the 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders or until his or her earlier resignation or removal.
 
Proposal No. 2: Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
The stockholders cast an advisory vote on executive compensation as follows: 2,620,931,348 shares in favor, 1,313,224,828 shares against, 13,188,311 shares abstaining and 492,322,650 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 3: Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes on Executive Compensation
The stockholders cast an advisory vote on the frequency of future votes relating to executive compensation as follows: 2,381,067,553 shares for 1 Year, 51,471,540 shares for 2 Years, 1,447,728,561 shares for 3 Years, 22,822,419 shares abstaining and 536,577,064 broker non-votes. The Board of Directors has determined that Oracle will hold an advisory vote on executive compensation every year until the next required advisory vote on the frequency of such votes.
Proposal No. 4: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The stockholders ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Oracle's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2012 with 4,406,661,029 shares voting in favor, 28,646,288 shares against and 4,359,820 shares abstaining.
Proposal No. 5: Stockholder Proposal on Equity Retention
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal to request that the Compensation Committee of the Board adopt a policy requiring that senior executives retain at least 75% of net after-tax shares acquired through equity compensation programs until two years following the termination of their employment with 799,393,745 shares in favor, 3,135,640,224 shares against, 12,310,518 shares abstaining and 492,322,650 broker non-votes.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: October 14, 2011
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20111220161004.txt.gz
TIME:20111220161004
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On December 20, 2011, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended November 30, 2011. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock payable on February 1, 2012, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 11, 2012.
Oracle also announced that its Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $5.0 billion of common stock under its existing share repurchase program in future quarters. The stock repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date and the pace of repurchase activity will depend on factors such as working capital needs, cash requirements for acquisitions, repayment or repurchase of debt, stock price, and economic and market conditions. Stock repurchases may be effected from time to time through open market purchases and/or pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan. The stock repurchase program may be accelerated, suspended, delayed or discontinued at any time.
Oracle's press release dated December 20, 2011, which made these announcements is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains statements that are or contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include statements regarding Oracle's plans and intentions with respect to its share repurchase program. Forward-looking statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words "may," "intends," "will," and similar expressions. We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for all forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about our business that could affect our future plans and could cause those plans or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in "Risk Factors" included in documents we file from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2011 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q to be filed by us in our fiscal year 2012. We have no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or risks, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. New information, future events or risks could cause the forward-looking events or plans we discuss in this Current Report not to occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect our opinions only as of the date of this Current Report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2012 Q2 GAAP and non-GAAP total revenues were up 2% to $8.8 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 2% to $2.0 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 9% to $4.0 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were down 14% to $953 million. GAAP operating income was up 12% to $3.1 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 35%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 3% to $3.9 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 45%. GAAP net income was up 17% to $2.2 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 6% to $2.8 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.43, up 17% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 6% to $0.54. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $13.1 billion.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Dec. 20, 2011
"Non-GAAP operating margins increased to 45% in Q2," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz, "and we expect those margins to keep growing. Operating cash flow over the last twelve months grew to $13.1 billion; that's up a remarkable 45% compared to the preceding twelve month period."
"We have expanded our worldwide sales capacity by adding over 1,700 sales professionals in the first half of this fiscal year," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "We believe that this increase in our field organization combined with innovative new products like Fusion Cloud ERP and Cloud CRM will enable solid organic growth in the second half of this year."
"Sales of our engineered systems accelerated in Q2," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "Exadata growth was well over 100% compared to last year, and Exalogic grew more than 100% on a sequential basis. We shipped our first SPARC SuperCluster in Q2 and expect to begin deliveries of our Exalytics system and the Oracle Big Data Appliance in Q3."
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $5.0 billion of common stock under its existing share repurchase program in future quarters.
The Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock. This dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 11, 2012, with a payment date of February 1, 2012.
Q2 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (913) 312-0945 or (877) 612-6725, Passcode: 289185. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. A replay of the conference call will also be available by dialing (719) 457-0820 or (888) 203-1112, Passcode: 5771640.
About Oracle
Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL), visit www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding operating margin growth, organic growth in the second half of fiscal 2012, Exalytics systems and Oracle Big Data Appliance deliveries and our share repurchase program, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and current European debt crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of December 20, 2011. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20120320160908.txt.gz
TIME:20120320160908
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On March 20, 2012, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 29, 2012. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock payable on May 2, 2012, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 11, 2012.
Oracle's press release dated March 20, 2012, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2012 Q3 GAAP total revenues were up 3% to $9.0 billion, and non-GAAP total revenues were up 3% to $9.1 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 7% to $2.4 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 8% to $4.1 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were down 16% to $869 million. GAAP operating income was up 11% to $3.3 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 37%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 8% to $4.2 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 46%. GAAP net income was up 18% to $2.5 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 13% to $3.1 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.49, up 20% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 15% to $0.62. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $13.5 billion.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., Mar. 20, 2012
"Oracle is on track to deliver the highest operating margins in our history this year," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "Oracle can achieve these record margins as an integrated hardware and software company because we are focusing on high margin systems where hardware and software are engineered to work together."
"Hardware revenue for our engineered systems grew 139% this quarter and going into Q4, we have a record pipeline," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "In applications, Fusion in the Cloud is winning with great success against niche HCM cloud vendors in the US and worldwide. Our modular, integrated platform of 100 apps available in the cloud or on-premise is a key differentiator."
"This past quarter Oracle delivered the hardware and software for our new extreme-performance Exalytics In-Memory Machine," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "At the core of Exalytics is our new in-memory database technology capable of instantaneous big data analysis; questions are answered at the speed of thought. And unlike SAP's Hana in-memory appliance, Exalytics runs your existing applications. Simply plug-in Exalytics and your existing Oracle Business Intelligence applications and Hyperion Enterprise Performance Management applications run much, much faster."
The Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock. This dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on April 11, 2012, with a payment date of May 2, 2012.
Q3 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (719) 325-2433, Passcode: 110382. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. A replay of the conference call will also be available by dialing (719) 457-0820 or (888) 203-1112, Passcode: 6577274.
About Oracle
Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL), visit www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding operating margin growth and the fourth quarter pipeline for engineered systems, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the recent recession and current European debt crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of March 20, 2012. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20120618172717.txt.gz
TIME:20120618172717
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item 8.01 Other Events
Item  9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On June 18, 2012, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal fourth quarter and fiscal year ended May 31, 2012. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock payable on August 3, 2012, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 13, 2012.
Oracle's press release dated June 18, 2012, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced fiscal 2012 Q4 GAAP total revenues were up 1% to $10.9 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 1% to $11.0 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 7% to $4.0 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 5% to $4.2 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were down 16% to $977 million. GAAP operating income was up 5% to $4.6 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 42%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 5% to $5.5 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 50%. GAAP net income was up 8% to $3.5 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 7% to $4.1 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.69, up 11% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 10% to $0.82. GAAP operating cash flow for fiscal year 2012 was $13.7 billion, up 23% compared to last year.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., June 18, 2012
Without the impact of the US dollar strengthening compared to foreign currencies, Oracle's reported Q4 GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.03 higher at $0.72, up 16%, and Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.04 higher at $0.86, up 15%. Both GAAP and non-GAAP total revenues also would have been up 5%, GAAP new software license revenues would have been up 11%, non-GAAP new software license revenues would have been up 12% and both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues would have been down 13%.
For fiscal year 2012, GAAP total revenues were up 4% to $37.1 billion, while non-GAAP total revenues were up 4% to $37.2 billion. GAAP new software license revenues were up 7% to $9.9 billion. Non-GAAP new software license revenues were up 8% to $9.9 billion.
GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 10% to $16.2 billion, while non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 9% to $16.3 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were $3.8 billion. GAAP operating income was up 14% to $13.7 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 37%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 8% to $17.2 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 46%. GAAP net income was up 17% to $10.0 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 10% to $12.5 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $1.96, up 18% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 11% to $2.46.
"Our record-breaking fourth quarter featured several all-time highs for Oracle: new software license sales of $4 billion, total software revenue of $8 billion, total revenue of $11 billion, and EPS of 82 cents," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "For the fiscal year, we also set all-time highs for operating margins of 46%, and operating cash flow of $13.7 billion."
"Our engineered systems business is now operating at well over a billion dollar revenue run rate," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "For the year, the Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics, SPARC SuperCluster and the Oracle Big Data Appliance product group grew over 100% year-over-year."
"The development of Oracle Cloud is strategic to increasing the size and profitability of Oracle's software business," said Oracle Chief Executive Officer, Larry Ellison. "Our Oracle Cloud SaaS business is nearly at a billion dollar revenue run rate, the same size as our engineered systems hardware business. The combination of engineered systems and the Oracle Cloud will drive Oracle's growth in FY 2013."
The Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock. This dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 13, 2012, with a payment date of August 3, 2012.
Oracle also announced that its Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $10.0 billion of common stock under its existing share repurchase program in future quarters.
Q4 and Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 3:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (888) 282-4044 or (913) 312-9303, Passcode: 448965. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at . In addition, Oracle's Q4 results and Fiscal 2012 financial tables are available on the Oracle Investor Relations website. A replay of the conference call will also be available by dialing (719) 457-0820 or (888) 203-1112, Passcode: 2112934.
http://www.oracle.com/investor
About Oracle
Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL), visit www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding FY2013, Oracle Cloud and our share repurchase program, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the current European debt crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses or hardware systems products or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of June 18, 2012. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20120621060554.txt.gz
TIME:20120621060554
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
Keith Block, Executive Vice President, North America Sales and Consulting, and a named executive officer of Oracle Corporation ("Oracle"), has decided to leave Oracle and pursue other opportunities. Effective June 18, 2012, certain of Mr. Block's responsibilities were assumed by other members of Oracle's management. Mr. Block will remain with Oracle for a period of time to assist with this transition.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date:     June 21, 2012
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20120920161234.txt.gz
TIME:20120920161234
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item 8.01 Other Events
Item  9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On September 20, 2012, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended August 31, 2012. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle is hereby furnishing the following information:
Oracle announced that its Board of Directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock payable on November 2, 2012, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 12, 2012.
Oracle's press release dated September 20, 2012, announcing this cash dividend is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Immediate Release
 
Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that both fiscal 2013 Q1 GAAP and non-GAAP total revenues were down 2% to $8.2 billion. GAAP new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues were up 5% to $1.6 billion, while non-GAAP new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues were up 6% to $1.6 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP software license updates and product support revenues were up 3% to $4.1 billion. Both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues were down 24% to $779 million. GAAP operating income was up 7% to $2.9 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 35%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 1% to $3.6 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 44%. GAAP net income was up 11% to $2.0 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 6% to $2.6 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.41, up 15% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 11% to $0.53. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $14.0 billion, up 9% compared to last year.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., September 20, 2012
Without the impact of the US dollar strengthening compared to foreign currencies, Oracle's reported Q1 GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.03 higher at $0.44, up 24%, and Q1 non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.03 higher at $0.56, up 17%. Both GAAP and non-GAAP total revenues also would have been up 3%, GAAP new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues would have been up 10%, non-GAAP new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues would have been up 11% and both GAAP and non-GAAP hardware systems products revenues would have been down 21%.
"On a non-GAAP basis, new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions sales grew 11% in constant currency and operating margin increased to 44% in Q1," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "Q1 operating cash flow increased to a record high of $5.7 billion. We're off to a good start in the new year."
"Exadata, Exalogic, Exalytics and our other engineered systems grew more than 100% in the quarter," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "For the full year, we expect to double engineered systems sales to well over $1 billion. Oracle's new cloud business is also approaching a $1 billion annual run rate. These two businesses will drive Oracle's growth for years to come."
"A little more than a week from now we will announce lots of enhancements to the Oracle Cloud," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "There are more CRM, ERP and HCM applications as a service, and more Oracle database, Java and social network platform services. Our new infrastructure as a service is available in the Oracle Cloud and as a private cloud in our customers' data center, with the unique ability to move applications and services back and forth between the two. Join us at Oracle OpenWorld for all the details."
The Board of Directors also declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per share of outstanding common stock. This dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 12, 2012, with a payment date of November 2, 2012.
Q1 Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (913) 312-6699, Passcode: 861602. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. In addition, Oracle's Q1 results and Fiscal 2013 financial tables are available on the Oracle Investor Relations website.
A replay of the conference call will also be available by dialing (719) 457-0820 or (888) 203-1112, Passcode: 6071749.
About Oracle
Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL), visit www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding engineered systems sales doubling for the full year, Oracle's cloud business annual run rate, the cloud business and engineered systems business driving Oracle's growth in years to come, and announcements to be made at Oracle Open World, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the current European debt crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses, cloud software subscriptions, or hardware systems products, or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of September 20, 2012. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20121025162802.txt.gz
TIME:20121025162802
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuance of $5.00 Billion of Notes
On October 25, 2012, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") consummated the issuance and sale of $2,500,000,000 principal amount of its 1.200% Notes due 2017 and $2,500,000,000 principal amount of its 2.500% Notes due 2022 (collectively, the "Notes"), pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated October 18, 2012 among Oracle and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBS Securities Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as representatives of the several underwriters named therein. The Notes will be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "Indenture") among Oracle (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (the "First Supplemental Indenture") among Oracle, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (formerly known as The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee, and an officers' certificate issued pursuant thereto.
The Notes are being offered pursuant to Oracle's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on May 7, 2010 (Reg. No. 333-166643), including the prospectus contained therein (the "Registration Statement"), and a related preliminary prospectus supplement dated October 18, 2012 and a prospectus supplement dated October 18, 2012.
The material terms and conditions of the Notes are set forth in the Form of Officers' Certificate filed herewith as Exhibit 4.10 and incorporated by reference herein and in the Indenture filed as Exhibit 10.34 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle Systems Corporation on January 20, 2006, and the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed by Oracle Corporation on May 10, 2007.
 
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 4.10
Reference is made to the Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among Oracle Corporation (the "," formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. On June 29, 2007, Citibank, N.A. resigned as the original trustee under the Indenture and the Issuer appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee. Thereafter, the Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. became The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the ""). The Trustee is the trustee for any and all securities issued under the Indenture. Pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture the undersigned officers do hereby certify, in connection with the issuance of (i) $2,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 1.200% Notes due 2017 ("") and (ii) $2,500,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 2.500% Notes due 2022 ("" and, together with the 2017 Notes, the ""), that the terms of the Notes are as follows:
Base Indenture
Issuer
Indenture
Trustee
2017 Notes
2022 Notes
Notes
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Indenture.
2017 Notes
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2022 Notes
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subject to the representations, warranties and covenants described in the Indenture, as amended or supplemented from time to time, the Issuer shall be entitled, subject to authorization by the Board of Directors of the Issuer and an Officers' Certificate, to issue additional notes from time to time under each series of notes issued hereby. Any such additional notes of a series shall have identical terms as the 2017 Notes or the 2022 Notes, as the case may be, issued on the issue date, other than with respect to the date of issuance and the issue price (together the ""). Any Additional Notes will be issued in accordance with Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture.
Additional Notes
 
Each such officer has read and understands the provisions of the Indenture and the definitions relating thereto. The statements made in this Officers' Certificate are based upon the examination of the provisions of the Indenture and upon the relevant books and records of the Issuer. In such officers' opinion, they have made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable such officers to express an informed opinion as to whether or not the covenants and conditions of such Indenture relating to the issuance and authentication of the Notes have been complied with. In such officers' opinion, such covenants and conditions have been complied with.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned officers of the Issuer have duly executed this certificate as of October 25, 2012.
 
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
 
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of                     DOLLARS on October 15, 2017.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: April 15 and October 15 (each, an ""), commencing on April 15, 2013.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: October 25, 2012
 
 
1. Interest
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from October 25, 2012. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing April 15, 2013. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 1.200% Notes due 2017 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated October 25, 2012, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
6. Redemption.
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 10 basis points,
plus in each case accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
 
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBS Securities Inc., or a Primary Treasury Dealer (defined herein) selected by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
7. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become
 
due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
8. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
9. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
10. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
11. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint             agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Date:               Your Signature:  
                                                 
                                
                 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
Exhibit B
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION (""), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
DTC
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRANSFER, THE HOLDER WILL DELIVER TO THE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT SUCH CERTIFICATES AND OTHER INFORMATION AS SUCH TRANSFER AGENT MAY REASONABLY REQUIRE TO CONFIRM THAT THE TRANSFER COMPLIES WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS.
 
 
ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of                     DOLLARS on October 15, 2022.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: April 15 and October 15 (each, an ""), commencing on April 15, 2013.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: April 1 and October 1 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officers.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: October 25, 2012
 
 
1. Interest.
Oracle Corporation (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has been paid, from October 25, 2012. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing April 15, 2013. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the FINRA Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 2.500% Notes due 2022 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "") by and among the Issuer (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by a supplemental indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "") by and among the Issuer, Citibank, N.A. and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officers' Certificate dated October 25, 2012, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 of the Base Indenture. This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
4. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
5. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all series of Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note.
6. Redemption.
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 12.5 basis points,
plus in each case accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on interest payment dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the interest payment date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant record date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
 
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than five such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBS Securities Inc., or a Primary Treasury Dealer (defined herein) selected by Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a "Primary Treasury Dealer"), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
7. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding Notes, shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Notes will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture or the Notes except as provided in
 
the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture or the Notes unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
8. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
9. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
10. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
11. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture and this Note thereof.
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                                     agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Date: Your Signature:
                                    
                                        
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
 
                                                                                                                                                   
Signature
Signature Guarantee:
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 

Exhibit 5.01
October 25, 2012
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway
Redwood City, CA 94065
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as special counsel for Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the Company's offering of $2,500,000,000 principal amount of its 1.200% Notes due 2017 and $2,500,000,000 principal amount of its 2.500% Notes due 2022 (collectively, the "Notes") in an underwritten public offering pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated October 18, 2012 (the "Underwriting Agreement") between the Company and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBS Securities Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (the "Representatives"), as representatives of the several underwriters listed in Schedule 1 thereto (the "Underwriters"). The Notes are to be issued pursuant to an Indenture dated as of January 13, 2006 (the "Base Indenture") by and among the Company (formerly known as Ozark Holding Inc.), Oracle Systems Corporation (formerly known as Oracle Corporation) and Citibank, N.A., as amended by the First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2007 (together with the Base Indenture, the "Indenture") by and among the Company, Citibank, N.A. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., and an Officers' Certificate to be issued pursuant thereto on or about October 25, 2012. On June 29, 2007, Citibank, N.A. resigned as the original trustee under the Indenture and the Company appointed The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. as successor trustee (the "Trustee"). We have been informed that The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., has become The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. The Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-166643, the "Registration Statement") pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
We, as your counsel, have examined originals or copies of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of rendering this opinion.
In rendering the opinion expressed herein, we have, without independent inquiry or investigation, assumed that (i) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and complete, (ii) all documents submitted to us as copies conform to authentic, complete originals, (iii) all documents filed as exhibits to the Registration Statement that have not been executed will conform to the forms thereof, (iv) all signatures on all documents that we reviewed are genuine, (v) all natural persons executing documents had and have the legal capacity to do so, (vi) all statements in certificates of public officials and officers of the Company that we reviewed were and are accurate and (vii) all representations made by the Company as to matters of fact in the documents that we reviewed were and are accurate.
 
Based upon the foregoing, we advise you that, in our opinion, the Notes have been duly authorized in accordance with the Indenture, and, when executed and authenticated in accordance with the provisions of the Indenture and delivered to and paid for by the Underwriters in accordance with the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, concepts of reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability, provided that we express no opinion as to (y) the effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar provision of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above and (z) the validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of any provision that permits holders to collect any portion of stated principal amount upon acceleration of the Notes to the extent determined to constitute unearned interest.
In connection with the opinion expressed above, we have assumed that, at or prior to the time of the delivery of the Notes, the Indenture and the Notes are each valid, binding and enforceable agreements of each party thereto (other than as expressly covered above in respect of the Company).
We are members of the Bars of the States of New York and California and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
We hereby consent to the filing of this opinion as an exhibit to a report on Form 8-K to be filed by the Company on the date hereof and further consent to the reference to our name under the caption "Validity of Securities" in the base prospectus and supplement thereto, which are part of the Registration Statement. In giving this consent, we do not admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act.
Very truly yours,
/s/ Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20121107171807.txt.gz
TIME:20121107171807
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
On November 7, 2012, Oracle Corporation held its 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The following is a brief description of each matter submitted to a vote at the Annual Meeting, as well as the number of votes cast for and against and the number of abstentions and broker non-votes with respect to each matter. For more information about these proposals, please refer to Oracle Corporation's definitive proxy statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on September 21, 2012.
Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors
The stockholders elected each of the following persons as a director to hold office until the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier resignation or removal.
 
Proposal No. 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
The stockholders cast an advisory vote to approve executive compensation as follows: 1,555,798,564 shares in favor, 2,245,810,347 shares against, 5,422,062 shares abstaining and 520,320,048 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 3: Approval of Increase in Shares under the Directors' Stock Plan
The stockholders approved an amendment to Oracle's Amended and Restated 1993 Directors' Stock Plan to increase the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance thereunder by an additional 2,000,000 shares, with 2,861,661,825 shares in favor, 938,810,558 shares against, 6,562,175 shares abstaining and 520,316,363 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 4: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
The stockholders ratified the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as Oracle's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2013, with 4,302,481,958 shares voting in favor, 19,470,682 shares against and 5,398,381 shares abstaining.
Proposal No. 5: Stockholder Proposal Regarding Multiple Performance Metrics
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal requesting that Oracle's Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, in setting performance measures for top executives, include multiple weighted metrics over a multiyear period, and disclose to shareholders any changes to such metrics, with 1,190,376,348 shares in favor, 2,549,111,403 shares against, 67,544,022 shares abstaining and 520,319,248 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 6: Stockholder Proposal Regarding Independent Board Chairman
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal requesting that Oracle's Board of Directors adopt a policy that, whenever possible, the chairman of Oracle's Board of Directors be an independent director, with 1,585,924,642 shares in favor, 2,198,348,715 shares against, 22,758,415 shares abstaining and 520,319,249 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 7: Stockholder Proposal Regarding Equity Retention
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal requesting that Oracle's Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors adopt a policy requiring that senior executives retain at least 75% of net after-tax shares acquired through equity compensation programs until reaching normal retirement age, with 718,454,373 shares in favor, 3,061,978,995 shares against, 26,600,855 shares abstaining and 520,316,798 broker non-votes.
Proposal No. 8: Stockholder Proposal Regarding Equity Acceleration upon a Change in Control
The stockholders defeated a stockholder proposal requesting Oracle's Board of Directors adopt a policy that if there is a change in control, there shall be no acceleration of vesting of any equity award granted to any senior executive; provided however that Oracle's Compensation Committee may provide that any unvested award will vest on a pro rata basis up to the time of the senior executive's termination; with 1,050,596,904 shares in favor, 2,730,996,777 shares against, 25,438,092 shares abstaining and 520,319,248 broker non-votes.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
Date: November 7, 2012
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20121203161234.txt.gz
TIME:20121203161234
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 8Other Events
Item 8.01 Other Events
Oracle Corporation announced that its Board of Directors has declared an accelerated cash dividend of $0.18 per share of outstanding common stock payable on December 21, 2012, to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 14, 2012. Oracle also announced that this accelerated dividend is intended by the Board to be in lieu of quarterly dividends Oracle would have otherwise announced with its quarterly earnings results for the second, third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2013, and that would have been paid in calendar year 2013.
Oracle's press release dated December 3, 2012, announcing this accelerated dividend, is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated by reference herein.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
For Immediate Release
 
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 3, 2012  The Board of Directors of Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL), consistent with its frequent review of its dividend policy, has declared an accelerated second, third and fourth quarter cash dividend totaling $0.18 per share of outstanding common stock. Oracle's CEO and largest stockholder did not participate in the deliberation or the vote on this matter. This accelerated dividend is intended by the Board to be in lieu of quarterly dividends Oracle would have otherwise announced with its quarterly earnings results for the second, third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2013, and that would have been paid in calendar year 2013.
This accelerated dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 14, 2012, with a payment date of December 21, 2012.
The next opportunity for the Board to consider and approve the declaration of a dividend will be when Oracle announces its earnings results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 which ends on August 31, 2013.
About Oracle
Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL), visit www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including the time frame for when the Board will next consider payment of a dividend, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the current European debt crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses, cloud software subscriptions, or hardware systems products, or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of December 3, 2012. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20121218160910.txt.gz
TIME:20121218160910
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item  9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On December 18, 2012, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal second quarter ended November 30, 2012. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Immediate Release
 
Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that fiscal 2013 Q2 total revenues were up 3% to $9.1 billion. New software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues were up 17% to $2.4 billion. Software license updates and product support revenues were up 7% to $4.3 billion. Hardware systems products revenues were $734 million. GAAP operating income was up 12% to $3.5 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 38%. Non-GAAP operating income was up 9% to $4.3 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 47%. GAAP net income was up 18% to $2.6 billion, while non-GAAP net income was up 12% to $3.1 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.53, up 24% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 18% to $0.64. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $13.5 billion.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., December 18, 2012 
Without the impact of the US dollar strengthening compared to foreign currencies, Oracle's reported Q2 GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.01 higher at $0.54, up 26%, and Q2 non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.01 higher at $0.65, up 19%. Total revenues also would have been up 5%, and new software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues would have been up 18%.
"New software license sales and cloud subscriptions grew 18% in constant currency," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "Strong organic growth in our software business coupled with a focus on the highly profitable engineered systems segment of our hardware business enabled a Q2 non-GAAP operating margin of 47%. During the last four quarters operating cash flow was more than $13.5 billion  $10.2 billion of which was returned to our shareholders as we repurchased nearly 350 million ORCL shares during that same twelve month period."
"Q2 performance was strong and broad based as all geographies reported double-digit revenue growth in new software license and cloud subscriptions," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "Applications, middleware and database all had double-digit growth in new software license and cloud subscriptions, with applications leading the pack with growth of over 30%. Our cloud offering of HCM, CRM and ERP applications plus the Oracle database and Java platform services is the strongest and most complete in the industry. Already approaching a one billion dollar run rate, our Cloud business will become much bigger over time."
"Sun has proven to be one of the most strategic and profitable acquisitions we have ever made," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "Sun technology enabled Oracle to become a leader in the highly profitable engineered system segment of the hardware business. I believe that products like Exadata and the SPARC SuperCluster will not only continue to drive improved profitability in our hardware business, by the end of this fiscal year, they will also drive growth in our hardware business."
On December 3, 2012, the Board of Directors declared an accelerated second, third and fourth quarter cash dividend totaling $0.18 per share of outstanding common stock. This accelerated dividend is intended by the Board to be in lieu of quarterly dividends Oracle would have otherwise announced with its quarterly earnings results for the second, third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2013, and that would have been paid in calendar year 2013. This accelerated dividend will be paid to stockholders of record as of the close of business on December 14, 2012, with a payment date of December 21, 2012.
Q2 Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (913) 981-5520, Passcode: 810144. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. In addition, Oracle's Q2 results and Fiscal 2013 financial tables are available on the Oracle Investor Relations website.
A replay of the conference call will also be available by dialing (719) 457-0820 or (888) 203-1112, Passcode: 4005111.
About Oracle
Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL), visit www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding our Cloud business becoming bigger over time and products like Exadata and SPARC SuperCluster driving profitability and growth in our hardware business, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the current European debt crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses, cloud software subscriptions, or hardware systems products, or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of December 18, 2012. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20130205061048.txt.gz
TIME:20130205061048
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On February 4, 2013, Donald L. Lucas notified Oracle Corporation (the "Corporation") that, after more than 30 years of service to the Corporation, he is retiring and has tendered his resignation as a member of the Corporation's Board of Directors and any committees thereof, effective immediately.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20130320160815.txt.gz
TIME:20130320160815
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
Table of Contents
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
SIGNATURE
EXHIBIT LIST
EXHIBIT 99.1
Table of Contents
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition
On March 20, 2013, Oracle Corporation issued a press release announcing financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended February 28, 2013. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Table of Contents
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
Table of Contents
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
For Immediate Release
 
 Oracle Corporation (NASDAQ: ORCL) today announced that fiscal 2013 Q3 total revenues were down 1% to $9.0 billion. New software licenses and cloud software subscriptions revenues were down 2% to $2.3 billion. Software license updates and product support revenues were up 7% to $4.3 billion. Hardware systems products revenues were $671 million. GAAP operating income was up 1% to $3.3 billion, and GAAP operating margin was 37%. Non-GAAP operating income was down 1% to $4.2 billion, and non-GAAP operating margin was 47%. GAAP net income was unchanged at $2.5 billion, while non-GAAP net income was down 1% to $3.1 billion. GAAP earnings per share were $0.52, up 6% compared to last year while non-GAAP earnings per share were up 5% to $0.65. GAAP operating cash flow on a trailing twelve-month basis was $13.7 billion.
REDWOOD SHORES, Calif., March 20, 2013
Without the impact of the US dollar strengthening compared to foreign currencies, Oracle's reported Q3 GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.01 higher at $0.53, up 8%, and Q3 non-GAAP earnings per share would have been approximately $0.01 higher. Total revenues also would have been 1% higher and new software licenses and cloud software subscription revenues would have been 2% higher than reported.
"Our non-GAAP operating margin increased to a Q3 record of 47%, and we expect it to reach an all-time high for the fiscal year," said Oracle President and CFO, Safra Catz. "Both operating cash flow and free cash flow were at record levels for a Q3, with operating cash flow of $13.7 billion over the last twelve months."
"The Oracle Cloud is the most robust and comprehensive cloud platform available with services at the infrastructure (IaaS), platform (PaaS) and application (SaaS) level," said Oracle President, Mark Hurd. "In Q3, our SaaS revenue alone grew well over 100% as lots of new customers adopted our Sales, Service, Marketing and Human Capital Management applications in the Cloud."
"This month we will begin deliveries of servers based on our new SPARC T5 microprocessor: the fastest microprocessor in the world," said Oracle CEO, Larry Ellison. "The new T5 servers can have up to eight microprocessors while our new M5 system can be configured with up to thirty-two microprocessors. The M5 runs the Oracle database 10 times faster than the M9000 it replaces."
Q3 Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
Oracle will hold a conference call and webcast today to discuss these results at 2:00 p.m. Pacific. You may listen to the call by dialing (913) 312-6699, Passcode: 591704. To access the live webcast of this event, please visit the Oracle Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. In addition, Oracle's Q3 results and Fiscal 2013 financial tables are available on the Oracle Investor Relations website.
A replay of the conference call will also be available by dialing (719) 457-0820 or (888) 203-1112, Passcode: 1437646.
About Oracle
Oracle engineers hardware and software to work together in the cloud and in your data center. For more information about Oracle (NASDAQ: ORCL), visit www.oracle.com or contact Investor Relations at investor_us@oracle.com or (650) 506-4073.
Trademarks
Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
Statements in this press release relating to Oracle's future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects, including statements regarding our non-GAAP operating margin reaching an all-time high for the fiscal year, the deliveries of servers based on our new SPARC T5 microprocessor and the configurations of the SPARC T5 servers and M5 systems, are "forward-looking statements" and are subject to material risks and uncertainties.
"Safe Harbor" Statement:
Many factors could affect our current expectations and our actual results, and could cause actual results to differ materially. We presently consider the following to be among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations: (1) Economic, political and market conditions, including the current European debt crisis, can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability, which in turn could adversely affect our stock price. (2) We may fail to achieve our financial forecasts due to such factors as delays or size reductions in transactions, fewer large transactions in a particular quarter, unanticipated fluctuations in currency exchange rates, delays in delivery of new products or releases or a decline in our renewal rates for software license updates and product support. (3) Our hardware systems business may not be successful, and we may fail to achieve our financial forecasts with respect to this business. (4) We have an active acquisition program and our acquisitions may not be successful, may involve unanticipated costs or other integration issues or may disrupt our existing operations. (5) Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our operating results, including risks relating to foreign currency gains and losses and risks relating to compliance with international and U.S. laws that apply to our international operations. (6) Intense competitive forces demand rapid technological advances and frequent new product introductions and could require us to reduce prices or cause us to lose customers. (7) If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, or to enhance and improve our products and support services in a timely manner or to position and/or price our products and services to meet market demand, customers may not buy new software licenses, cloud software subscriptions, or hardware systems products, or purchase or renew support contracts. A detailed discussion of these factors and other risks that affect our business is contained in our SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, particularly under the heading "Risk Factors." Copies of these filings are available online from the SEC or by contacting Oracle Corporation's Investor Relations Department at (650) 506-4073 or by clicking on SEC Filings on Oracle's Investor Relations website at http://www.oracle.com/investor. All information set forth in this press release is current as of March 20, 2013. Oracle undertakes no duty to update any statement in light of new information or future events.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
APPENDIX A
To supplement our financial results presented on a GAAP basis, we use the non-GAAP measures indicated in the tables, which exclude certain business combination accounting entries and expenses related to acquisitions, as well as other significant expenses including stock-based compensation, that we believe are helpful in understanding our past financial performance and our future results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on these non-GAAP measures. Our non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments based on the following items, as well as the related income tax effects:
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:ORCL/ORCL-8K-20130426163319.txt.gz
TIME:20130426163319
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1Registrant's Business and Operations
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
$3,000,000,000 5-Year Revolving Credit Agreement
On April 22, 2013, Oracle Corporation ("Oracle") entered into a $3,000,000,000 Revolving Credit Agreement (the "Credit Agreement") among Oracle; the lenders named therein; Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent; Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agents; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.
The Credit Agreement provides for an unsecured $3,000,000,000 5-year revolving credit facility (the "Facility") to Oracle for general corporate purposes, including backstopping any commercial paper that Oracle may issue. Subject to certain conditions stated in the Credit Agreement, Oracle may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the Facility during the term of the Credit Agreement. All amounts under the Credit Agreement are due on April 20, 2018, unless the commitments are terminated earlier either at the request of Oracle or, if an event of default occurs, by the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events). Interest is based on either (a) a LIBOR-based formula or (b) the Base Rate formula, each as set forth in the Credit Agreement.
The Credit Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default, including the requirement that the total net debt to total capitalization ratio of Oracle and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis not exceed 45%. If any of the events of default occur and are not cured within applicable grace periods or waived, any unpaid amounts under the Credit Agreement may be declared immediately due and payable and the commitments may be terminated.
At this time, Oracle has not borrowed any funds under the Credit Agreement.
The description above is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the Credit Agreement which is filed as Exhibit 10.14 to this report.
Update to Commercial Paper Program
On April 23, 2013, Oracle, pursuant to its existing $3,000,000,000 commercial paper program (the "CP Program"), entered into new dealer agreements (the "Dealer Agreements") with various banks (collectively, the "Dealers") and a new Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement (the "Agency Agreement") with JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association (the "Agent"). The Agency Agreement and certain of the Dealer Agreements replace earlier agreements previously entered into by the parties under the CP Program. The terms and conditions of the Dealer Agreements and Agency Agreement are substantially the same as the earlier agreements described in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Oracle with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2006 and a copy of the form of Dealer Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to that report. A copy of the Agency Agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.09 hereto.
No commercial paper notes are currently outstanding under the CP Program.
Certain lenders under the Credit Agreement, and certain Dealers under the Dealer Agreements and the Agent under the Agency Agreement, or, in each case, one or more of their affiliates or branches, have provided investment banking and trustee/paying agency services to Oracle, are lenders or agents under other credit facilities of Oracle or provide Oracle and its subsidiaries with cash management services, foreign exchange services, global custody agent services and fixed income brokerage services.
Section 2Financial Information
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
Please see Item 1.01, above.
Section 9Financial Statements and Exhibits
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.09
This Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2013, by and between Oracle Corporation (the "Issuer") and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association.
 
The Issuer hereby appoints JPMorgan as its issuing and paying agent in connection with the issuance and payment of certain short-term promissory notes of the Issuer (the ), as further described herein, and JPMorgan agrees to act as such agent upon the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement.
"Notes"
 
The Issuer may establish one or more commercial paper programs under this Agreement by delivering to JPMorgan a completed program schedule (the ), with respect to each such program. JPMorgan has given the Issuer a copy of the current form of Program Schedule and the Issuer shall complete and return its first Program Schedule to JPMorgan prior to or simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement. In the event that any of the information provided in, or attached to, a Program Schedule shall change, the Issuer shall promptly inform JPMorgan of such change in writing.
"Program Schedule"
 
All Notes issued by the Issuer under this Agreement shall be short-term promissory notes, exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as indicated on the Program Schedules, and from applicable state securities laws. The Notes may be placed by dealers (the ) pursuant to Section 4 hereof. Notes shall be issued in either certificated or book-entry form.
"Dealers"
 
The Issuer shall deliver to JPMorgan a duly adopted corporate resolution from the Issuer's Board of Directors (or other governing body) authorizing the issuance of Notes under each program established pursuant to this Agreement and a certificate of incumbency, with specimen signatures attached, of those officers, employees and agents of the Issuer authorized to take certain actions with respect to the Notes as provided in this Agreement (each such person is hereinafter referred to as an ). Until JPMorgan receives any subsequent incumbency certificates of the Issuer, JP Morgan shall be entitled to rely on the last incumbency certificate delivered to it for the purpose of determining the Authorized Representatives. The Issuer represents and warrants that each Authorized Representative may appoint other officers, employees and agents of the Issuer (the ), including without limitation any Dealers, to issue instructions to JP Morgan under this Agreement, and take other actions on the Issuer's behalf hereunder, provided that notice of the appointment of each Delegate is delivered to JPMorgan in writing. Each such appointment shall remain in effect unless and until revoked by the Issuer in a written notice to JPMorgan.
"Authorized Representative"
"Delegates"
 
If and when the Issuer intends to issue certificated notes (), the Issuer and JPMorgan shall agree upon the form of such Notes. Thereafter, the Issuer shall from time to time deliver to JPMorgan adequate supplies of Certificated Notes which will be in bearer form, serially numbered, and shall be executed by the manual or facsimile signature of an Authorized Representative. JPMorgan will acknowledge receipt of any supply of Certificated
"Certificated Notes"
Notes received from the Issuer, noting any exceptions to the shipping manifest or transmittal letter (if any), and will hold the Certificated Notes in safekeeping for the Issuer with all due care in accordance with JPMorgan's customary practices. JPMorgan shall not have any liability to the Issuer to determine by whom or by what means a facsimile signature may have been affixed on Certificated Notes, or to determine whether any facsimile or manual signature is genuine, if such facsimile or manual signature resembles the specimen signature attached to the Issuer's certificate of incumbency with respect to such Authorized Representative, except for JPMorgan's own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Any Certificated Note bearing the manual or facsimile signature of a person who is an Authorized Representative on the date such signature was affixed shall bind the Issuer after completion thereof by JPMorgan, notwithstanding that such person shall have ceased to hold his or her office on the date such Note is countersigned or delivered by JPMorgan.
 
The Issuer's book-entry notes () shall not be issued in physical form, but their aggregate face amount shall be represented by a master note (the ) in the form of Exhibit A executed by the Issuer pursuant to the book-entry commercial paper program of The Depository Trust Company (). JPMorgan shall maintain the Master Note with all due care in safekeeping, in accordance with its customary practices, on behalf of Cede & Co., the registered owner thereof and nominee of DTC. As long as Cede & Co. is the registered owner of the Master Note, the beneficial ownership interest therein shall be shown on, and the transfer of ownership thereof shall be effected through, entries on the books maintained by DTC and the books of its direct and indirect participants. The Master Note and the Book-Entry Notes shall be subject to DTC's rules and procedures, as amended from time to time. JPMorgan shall not be liable or responsible for sending transaction statements of any kind to DTC's participants or the beneficial owners of the Book-Entry Notes, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing the records of DTC or its participants with respect to such Notes. In connection with DTC's program, the Issuer understands that as one of the conditions of its participation therein, it shall be necessary for the Issuer and JPMorgan to enter into a Letter of Representations, in the form of Exhibit B hereto, and for DTC to receive and accept such Letter of Representations. In accordance with DTC's program, JPMorgan shall obtain from the CUSIP Service Bureau a written list of CUSIP numbers for Issuer's Book-Entry Notes, and JPMorgan shall deliver such list to DTC. The CUSIP Service Bureau shall bill the Issuer directly for the fee or fees payable for the list of CUSIP numbers for the Issuer's Book-Entry Notes.
"Book-Entry Notes"
"Master Note"
"DTC"
 
The Issuer understands that all instructions under this Agreement are to be directed to JPMorgan's Commercial Paper Operations Department. JPMorgan shall provide the Issuer, or, if applicable, the Issuer's Dealers, with access to JPMorgan's Money Market Issuance System or other electronic means (collectively, the ) in order that JPMorgan may receive electronic instructions for the issuance of Notes. Electronic instructions must be transmitted in accordance with the procedures furnished by JPMorgan to the Issuer or its Dealers in connection with the System. These transmissions shall be the equivalent to the giving of a duly authorized written and signed instruction which JPMorgan may act upon without liability. In the event that the System is inoperable at any time, an Authorized Representative or a Delegate may deliver written, telephone or facsimile instructions to JPMorgan, which instructions shall be verified in accordance with any security procedures agreed upon by the parties. JPMorgan shall incur no liability to the Issuer in acting upon instructions believed by JPMorgan in good faith to have been given by an Authorized Representative or a Delegate. In the event that a discrepancy exists between a telephonic instruction and a written confirmation, the telephonic instruction will be deemed the controlling and proper instruction. JPMorgan may electronically record any conversations made pursuant to this Agreement, and the Issuer hereby consents to such recordings. All issuance instructions regarding the Notes must be received by 1:00 P.M. New York time in order for the Notes to be issued or delivered on the same day.
"System"
 
(a)        Upon receipt of issuance instructions from the Issuer or its Dealers with respect to Book-Entry Notes, JPMorgan shall transmit such instructions to DTC and direct DTC to cause appropriate entries of the Book-Entry Notes to be made in accordance with DTC's applicable rules, regulations and procedures for book-entry commercial paper programs. JPMorgan shall assign CUSIP numbers to the Issuer's Book-Entry Notes to identify the Issuer's aggregate principal amount of outstanding Book-Entry Notes in DTC's system, together with the aggregate unpaid interest (if any) on such Notes. Promptly following DTC's established settlement time on each issuance date, JPMorgan shall access DTC's system to verify whether settlement has occurred with respect to the Issuer's Book-Entry Notes. Prior to the close of business on such business day, JPMorgan shall deposit immediately available funds in the amount of the proceeds due the Issuer (if any) to the Issuer's account at JP Morgan and designated in the applicable Program Schedule (the ), JPMorgan has received DTC's confirmation that the Book-Entry Notes have settled in accordance with DTC's applicable rules, regulations and procedures. JPMorgan shall have no liability to the Issuer whatsoever if any DTC participant purchasing a Book-Entry Note fails to settle or delays in settling its balance with DTC or if DTC or any DTC participant fails to perform in any respect.
.            
Issuance and Purchase of Book-Entry Notes
"Account"
provided, that
(b)        Upon receipt of issuance instructions with respect to Certificated Notes, JPMorgan shall: (a) complete each Certificated Note as to principal amount, date of issue, maturity date, place of payment, and rate or amount of interest (if such Note is interest bearing) in accordance with such instructions; (b) countersign each Certificated Note; and (c) deliver each Certificated Note in accordance with the Issuer's instructions, except as otherwise set forth below. Whenever JPMorgan is instructed to deliver any Certificated Note by mail, JPMorgan shall strike from the Certificated Note the word "Bearer," insert as payee the name of the person so designated by the Issuer and effect delivery by certified or registered mail to such payee or to such other person as is specified in such instructions to receive the Certificated Note. The Issuer understands that, in accordance with the custom prevailing in the commercial paper market, delivery of Certificated Notes shall be made before the actual receipt of payment for such Notes in immediately available funds, even if the Issuer instructs JPMorgan to deliver a Certificated Note against payment. Therefore, once JPMorgan has delivered a Certificated Note to the designated recipient, the Issuer shall bear the risk that such recipient may fail to remit payment of such Note or return such Note to JPMorgan. Delivery of Certificated Notes shall be subject to the rules of the New York Clearing House in effect at the time of such delivery. Funds received in payment of Certificated Notes shall be credited to the Account.
.            
Issuance and Purchase of Certificated Notes
 
JPMorgan shall not be obligated to credit the Issuer's Account unless and until payment of the purchase price of each Note is received by JPMorgan. From time to time, JPMorgan, in its sole discretion, may permit the Issuer to have use of funds payable with respect to a Note prior to JPMorgan's receipt of the sales proceeds of such Note. If JPMorgan makes a deposit, payment or transfer of funds on behalf of the Issuer before JPMorgan receives payment for any Note, such deposit, payment or transfer of funds shall represent an advance by JPMorgan to the Issuer to be repaid promptly, and in any event on the same day as it is made, from the proceeds of the sale of such Note, or by the Issuer if such proceeds are not received by JPMorgan.
 
Notice that the Issuer will not redeem any Note on the relative Initial Redemption Date (as defined in the applicable Extendible Commercial Note Announcement) must be received in writing by JPMorgan by 11:00 A.M. New York time on such Initial Redemption Date. On any other day when a Note matures or is prepaid, the Issuer shall transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Account, prior to 1:00 P.M. New York time on the same day, an amount of immediately available funds sufficient to pay the aggregate principal amount of such Note and any applicable interest due. JPMorgan shall pay the interest (if any) and principal on a Book-Entry Note to DTC in immediately available funds, which payment shall be made by net settlement of JPMorgan's account at DTC. JPMorgan shall pay Certificated Notes upon presentment. JPMorgan shall have no obligation under the Agreement to make any payment for which there is not sufficient, available and collected funds in the Account, and JPMorgan may, without liability to the Issuer, refuse to pay any Note that would result in an overdraft to the Account.
 
(a)        Intraday overdrafts with respect to each Account shall be subject to JPMorgan's policies as in effect from time to time.
(b)        An overdraft will exist in an Account if JPMorgan, in its sole discretion, (i) permits an advance to be made pursuant to Section 8 and, notwithstanding the provisions of Section 8, such advance is not repaid in full on the same day as it is made, or (ii) pays a Note pursuant to Section 9 in excess of the available collected balance in such Account. Overdrafts shall be subject to JPMorgan's established banking practices, including, without limitation, the imposition of interest, funds usage charges and administrative fees. The Issuer shall repay any such overdraft, fees and charges no later than the next business day, together with interest on the overdraft at the rate established by JPMorgan for the Account, computed from and including the date of the overdraft to the date of repayment.
 
No prior action or course of dealing on the part of JPMorgan with respect to advances of the purchase price or payments of matured Notes shall give rise to any claim or cause of action by the Issuer against JPMorgan in the event that JPMorgan refuses to pay or settle any Notes for which the Issuer has not timely provided funds as required by this Agreement.
 
JPMorgan will in due course cancel any Certificated Note presented for payment and return such Note to the Issuer. JPMorgan shall also cancel and return to the Issuer any spoiled or voided Certificated Notes. Promptly upon written request of the Issuer or at the termination of this Agreement, JPMorgan shall destroy all blank, unissued Certificated Notes in its possession and furnish a certificate to the Issuer certifying such actions.
 
Upon the reasonable request of the Issuer, JPMorgan shall promptly provide the Issuer with information with respect to any Note issued and paid hereunder, the Issuer delivers such request in writing and, to the extent applicable, includes the serial number or note number, principal amount, payee, date of issue, maturity date, amount of interest (if any) and place of payment of such Note.
provided, that
 
The Issuer represents and warrants that: (i) it has the right, capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement; and (ii) it will comply with all of its obligations and duties under this Agreement. The Issuer further represents and agrees that each Note issued and distributed upon its instruction pursuant to this Agreement shall constitute the Issuer's representation and warranty to JPMorgan that such Note is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Issuer, and that such Note is being issued in a transaction which is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any applicable state securities law.
 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither JPMorgan nor its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be liable for any act or omission under this Agreement except in the case of gross negligence or willful misconduct. IN NO EVENT SHALL JP MORGAN BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF JPMORGAN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION. In no event shall JPMorgan be considered negligent in consequence of complying with DTC's rules, regulations and procedures. The duties and obligations of JPMorgan, its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be determined by the express provisions of this Agreement and they shall not be liable except for the performance of such duties and obligations as are specifically set forth herein and no implied covenants shall be read into this Agreement against them. Neither JPMorgan nor its directors, officers, employees or agents shall be required to ascertain whether any issuance or sale of any Notes (or any amendment or termination of this Agreement) has been duly authorized or is in compliance with any other agreement to which the Issuer is a party (whether or not JPMorgan is also a party to such agreement).
 
The Issuer agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless JPMorgan, its directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, "indemnitees") from and against any and all liabilities, claims, losses, damages, penalties, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees and disbursements) suffered or incurred by or asserted or assessed against any indemnitee arising out of, or in connection with, the services that JPMorgan provides while acting as agent under this Agreement, except in respect of any indemnitee, for any such liability, claim, loss, damage, penalty, cost or expense resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such indemnitee. The Issuer shall not be liable for any settlement of any proceeding effected without its consent, and such consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, but if settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Issuer agrees to indemnify the indemnitees from and against any loss or liability by reason of such settlement or judgment. This indemnity will survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
The Issuer shall deliver to JPMorgan all documents it may reasonably request relating to the corporate existence of the Issuer and authority of the Issuer to enter into this Agreement, including, without limitation, an opinion or opinions of counsel, substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto.
 
All notices, confirmations and other communications hereunder shall (except to the extent otherwise expressly provided) be in writing and shall be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid,
 
by telecopier or by hand, addressed as follows, or to such other address as the party receiving such notice shall have previously specified to the party sending such notice:
 
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway, Mailstop 5OP6
Redwood Shores, CA 94065
Telephone Number:
Fax Number:
 
Oracle Corporation
500 Oracle Parkway, Mailstop 5OP7
Redwood Shores, CA 94065
Telephone Number:
Fax Number:
Assistant Treasurer
Oracle Corporation
5525 Kietzke Lane
Reno, NV 89511
Telephone Number:
If to JPMorgan concerning the daily issuance and redemption of Notes:
Attention: Commercial Paper Operations
14201 North Dallas Parkway, Floor 10
Dallas, TX 75254-2916
Telephone:
Facsimile:
Attention: Commercial Paper Operations
500 Stanton Christiana Road
Ops 4, Floor 3
Newark, DE 19713-2107
Telephone:
Facsimile:
 
420 West Van Buren Street, 5
th
Floor, IL1-0114
Chicago, IL 60606
Telephone:
Facsimile:
Attention: Commercial Paper Client Service
383 Madison Avenue, Floor 11
New York, NY 10179
Telephone:
Facsimile:
 
The Issuer shall pay compensation for services pursuant to this Agreement in accordance with the pricing schedules furnished by JPMorgan to the Issuer from time to time and
 
upon such payment terms as the parties shall determine. The Issuer shall also reimburse JPMorgan for any fees and charges imposed by DTC with respect to services provided in connection with the Book-Entry Notes.
 
This Agreement is solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and no other person shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue hereof.
 
This Agreement may be terminated at any time by thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the other, but such termination shall not affect the respective liabilities of the parties hereunder arising prior to such termination, provided that JPMorgan shall continue acting as agent hereunder and continue to be compensated pursuant to Section 19 hereunder until a successor agent has been appointed.
 
In no event shall JPMorgan be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder because of circumstances beyond JPMorgan's control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), terrorism, fire, riot, strikes or work stoppages for any reason, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations or the like which restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this Agreement, inability to obtain material, equipment, or communications or computer facilities, or the failure of equipment or interruption of communications or computer facilities, and other causes beyond JPMorgan's control whether or not of the same class or kind as specifically named above.
 
This Agreement, together with the exhibits attached hereto, constitutes the entire agreement between JPMorgan and the Issuer with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes in all respects all prior proposals, negotiations, communications, discussions and agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement.
 
No failure or delay on the part of any party in exercising any power or right under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver, nor does any single or partial exercise of any power or right preclude any other or further exercise, or the exercise of any other power or right. Any such waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which it is given. No amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Issuer and JPMorgan.
 
Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be due on a day which is not a business day for JPMorgan then such payment shall be made on JPMorgan's next succeeding business day.
 
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and such counterparts together shall constitute but one instrument.
 
The headings in this Agreement are for purposes of reference only and shall not in any way limit or otherwise affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the terms of this Agreement.
 
This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof.
 
Each party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and any New York State court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City and of any appellate court from any thereof for the purposes of any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement (a ). Each party hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of any Proceeding may be heard and determined in such Federal or New York State court and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so, any objection it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any Proceeding in any of the aforementioned courts and the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any Proceeding.
"Proceeding"
 
EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT.
 
Each Account shall be subject to JPMorgan's account conditions, as in effect from time to time.
 
the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed on their behalf by duly authorized officers as of the day and year first-above written.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
 
 
 
 
("Issuer"), for value received, hereby promises to pay to Cede & Co., as nominee of The Depository Trust Company, or to registered assigns: (i) the principal amount, together with unpaid accrued interest thereon, if any, on the maturity date of each obligation identified on the records of Issuer (the "Underlying Records") as being evidenced by this Master Note, which Underlying Records are maintained by ("Paying Agent"); (ii) interest on the principal amount of each such obligation that is payable in installments, if any, on the due date of each installment, as specified on the Underlying Records; and (iii) the principal amount of each such obligation that is payable in installments, if any, on the due date of each installment, as specified on the Underlying Records. Interest shall be calculated at the rate and according to the calculation convention specified on the Underlying Records. Payments shall be made by wire transfer to the registered owner from Paying Agent without the necessity of presentation and surrender of this Master Note.
ORACLE CORPORATION
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
REFERENCE IS HEREBY MADE TO THE FURTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS MASTER NOTE SET FORTH ON THE REVERSE HEREOF.
This Master Note is a valid and binding obligation of Issuer.
Not Valid Unless Countersigned for Authentication by Paying Agent.
 
At the request of the registered owner, Issuer shall promptly issue and deliver one or more separate note certificates evidencing each obligation evidenced by this Master Note. As of the date any such note certificate or certificates are issued, the obligations which are evidenced thereby shall no longer be evidenced by this Master Note.
 
 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns, and transfers unto
 
 
the Master Note and all rights thereunder, hereby irrevocably constituting and appointing attorney to transfer said Master Note on the books of Issuer with full power of substitution in the premises.
                                                             
 
 
 
 
Unless this certificate is presented by an authorized representative of The Depository Trust Company, a New York corporation ("DTC"), to Issuer or its agent for registration of transfer, exchange, or payment, and any certificate issued is registered in the name of Cede & Co. or in such other name as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC (and any payment is made to Cede & Co. or to such other entity as is requested by an authorized representative of DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL inasmuch as the registered owner hereof, Cede & Co., has an interest herein.
 
 
 
 
Attention:  Underwriting Department
The Depository Trust Company
55 Water Street, ISL
New York, NY 10041-0099
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
This letter sets forth our understanding with respect to certain matters relating to the issuance by Issuer from time to time of notes under its Commercial Paper program described above (the "Securities"). Issuing Agent shall act as issuing agent with respect to the Securities. Paying Agent shall act as paying agent or other such agent of Issuer with respect to the Securities. Issuance of the Securities has been authorized pursuant to a prospectus supplement, offering circular, or other such document authorizing the issuance of the Securities dated .
April 22, 2013
Paying Agent has entered into a Money Market Instrument or Commercial Paper Certificate Agreement with The Depository Tmst Company ("DTC") dated as of , pursuant to which Paying Agent shall act as custodian of a Master Note Certificate evidencing the Securities, when issued. Paying Agent shall amend Exhibit A to such Certificate Agreement to include the program described above, prior to issuance of the Securities.
November 13, 2004
 
To induce DTC to accept the Securities as eligible for deposit at DTC and to act in accordance with its Rules with respect to the Securities, Issuer, Issuing Agent, and Paying Agent make the following representations to DTC:
1.        The Securities shall be evidenced by a Master Note Certificate in registered form registered in the name of DTC's nominee, Cede & Co., and such Master Note Certificate shall represent 100% of the principal amount of the Securities. The Master Note Certificate shall include the substance of all material provisions set forth in the DTC model Commercial Paper Master Note, a copy of which previously has been furnished to Issuing Agent and Paying Agent, and may include additional provisions as long as they do not conflict with the material provisions set forth in the DTC model.
2.        Issuer: (a) understands that DTC has no obligation to, and will not, communicate to its participants ("Participants") or to any person having an interest in the Securities any information contained in the Master Note Certificate; and (b) acknowledges that neither DTC's Participants nor any person having an interest in the Securities shall be deemed to have notice of the provisions of the Master Note Certificate by virtue of submission of such Certificate to DTC.
3.        For Securities to be issued at a discount from the face value to be paid at maturity ("Discount Securities"), Issuer or Issuing Agent has obtained from the CUSIP Service Bureau a written list of two basic six-character CUSIP numbers (each of which uniquely identifies Issuer and two years of maturity dates for the Discount Securities to be issued under its Commercial Paper program described above). The CUSIP numbers on such list have been reserved for future assignment to issues of the Discount Securities based on the maturity year of the Discount Securities and will be perpetually reassignable in accordance with DTC's Procedures, including Operational Arrangements and the Issuing/Paying Agent General Operating Procedures (the "MMI Procedures"), a copy of which previously has been furnished to Issuing Agent and Paying Agent.
For Securities to be issued at face value with interest to be paid at maturity only or periodically ("Interest Bearing Securities"), Issuer or Issuing Agent has obtained from the CUSIP Service Bureau a written list of approximately 900 nine-character numbers (the basic first six characters of which are the same and uniquely identify Issuer and the Interest Bearing Securities to be issued under its Commercial Paper program described above). The CUSIP numbers on such list have been reserved for future assignment to issues of the Interest Bearing Securities. At any time when fewer than 100 of the CUSIP numbers on such list remain unassigned, Issuer or Issuing Agent shall promptly obtain from the CUSIP Service Bureau an additional written list of approximately 900 such numbers.
4.        When Securities are to be issued through DTC, Issuing Agent shall notify Paying Agent and shall give issuance instructions to DTC in accordance with the MMI Procedures. The giving of such issuance instructions, which include delivery instructions, to DTC shall constitute: (a) a representation that the Securities are issued in accordance with applicable law; and (b) a confirmation that the Master Note Certificate evidencing such Securities, in the form described in paragraph 1, has been issued and authenticated.
5.        All notices and payment advises sent to DTC shall contain the CUSIP number of the Securities.
 
6.        Issuer recognizes that DTC does not in any way undertake to, and shall not have any responsibility to, monitor or ascertain the compliance of any transactions in the Securities with the following, as amended from time to time: (a) any exemptions from registration under the Securities Act of 1933; (b) the Investment Company Act of 1940; (c) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974; (d) the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (e) any rules of any self-regulatory organizations (as defmed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934); or (f) any other local, state, federal, or foreign laws or regulations thereunder.
7.        Notwithstanding anything set forth in any document relating to a letter of credit facility, neither DTC nor Cede & Co. shall have any obligations or responsibilities relating to the letter of credit facility, if any, unless such obligations or responsibilities are expressly set forth herein.
8.        If issuance of Securities through DTC is scheduled to take place one or more days after Issuing Agent has given issuance instructions to DTC, Issuing Agent may cancel such issuance by giving a cancellation instruction to DTC in accordance with the MMI Procedures.
9.        At any time that Paying Agent has Securities in its DTC accounts, it may request withdrawal of such Securities from DTC by giving a withdrawal instruction to DTC in accordance with the MMI Procedures. Upon DTC's acceptance of such withdrawal instruction, Paying Agent shall reduce the principal amount of the Securities evidenced by the Master Note Certificate accordingly.
10.        In the event of any solicitation of consents from or voting by holders of the Securities, Issuer, Issuing Agent, or Paying Agent shall establish a record date for such purposes (with no provision for revocation of consents or votes by subsequent holders) and shall send notice of such record date to DTC's Reorganization Department, Proxy Unit no fewer than 15 calendar days in advance of such record date. If sent by telecopy, such notice shall be directed to (212) 855-5181 or (212) 855-5182. If the party sending the notice does not receive a telecopy receipt from DTC such party shall confirm DTC's receipt of such telecopy by telephoning (212) 855-5187. For information regarding such notices, telephone The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation's Proxy hotline at (212) 855-5191.
11.        Paying Agent may override DTC's determination of interest and principal payment dates, in accordance with the MMI Procedures.
12.        Notice regarding the amount of variable interest and principal payments on the Securities shall be given to DTC by Paying Agent in accordance with the MMI Procedures.
13.        All notices sent to DTC shall contain the CUSIP number of the Securities.
14.        Paying Agent shall confirm with DTC daily, by CUSIP number, the face value of the Securities outstanding, and Paying Agent's corresponding interest and principal payment obligation, in accordance with the MMI Procedures.
15.        DTC may direct Issuer, Issuing Agent, or Paying Agent to use any other number or
 
address as the number or address to which notices or payments may be sent.
16.        Payments on the Securities, including payments in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, shall be made by Paying Agent in accordance with the MMI Procedures.
17.        In the event that Issuer determines that beneficial owners of the Securities shall be able to obtain certificated Securities, Issuer, Issuing Agent, or Paying Agent shall notify DTC of the availability of certificates. In such event, Issuer, Issuing Agent, or Paying Agent shall issue, transfer, and exchange certificates in appropriate amounts, as required by DTC and others.
18.        Issuer authorizes DTC to provide to Issuing Agent and/or Paying Agent listings of DTC Participants' holdings, known as Security Position Reports ("SPRs") with respect to the Assets from time to time at the request of Issuing Agent or Paying Agent. DTC charges a fee for such SPRs. This authorization, unless revoked by Issuer, shall continue with respect to the Assets while any Assets are on deposit at DTC, until and unless Issuing Agent and/or Paying Agent shall no longer be acting as Issuing and/or Paying Agent for Issuer. In such event, Issuer shall provide DTC with similar evidence, satisfactory to DTC, of the authorization of any successor thereto so to act. Proxy Web Services are available at . To register for or inquire about Proxy Web Services, telephone The Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation's Proxy Hotline at (212) 855-5191.
www.dtcc.com
19.        DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the Securities at any time by giving reasonable notice to Issuer, Issuing Agent, or Paying Agent (at which time DTC will confirm with Issuer, Issuing Agent, or Paying Agent the aggregate amount of Securities outstanding by CUSIP number). Under such circumstances, at DTC's request Issuer, Issuing Agent, and Paying Agent shall cooperate fully with DTC by taking appropriate action to make available one or more separate certificates evidencing Securities to any Participant having Securities credited to its DTC accounts.
20.        Nothing herein shall be deemed to require Issuing Agent or Paying Agent to advance funds on behalf of Issuer.
21.        This Letter of Representations may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same instrument.
22.        This Letter of Representations shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
23.        The sender of each notice delivered to DTC pursuant to this Letter of Representations is responsible for confirming that such notice was properly received by DTC.
24.        Issuing and/or Paying Agent represent to DTC that the Issuing and/or Paying Agent screened the name of the party in whose name a deposited Security certificate is registered against the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of the Office of Foreign Asset Control's ("OFAC") Specially Designated Nationals Blocked Persons List ("SDN List") and against OFAC's regulations and that there were no matches identified by such comparison. Issuer is prohibited from submitting Securities for DTC eligibility if the issuer of the securities is listed on the OFAC's SDN List, or is
 
incorporated or formed in a country that is subject to OFAC sanctions or embargoes, or otherwise subject to sanctions administered by OFAC.
25.        Issuer, Issuing Agent and Paying Agent shall comply with the applicable requirements stated in DTC's MMI Procedures, as they may be amended from time to time.
26.        The following riders, attached hereto, are hereby incorporated into this Letter of Representations:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note:
Schedule A contains statements that DTC believes
accurately describe DTC, the method of effecting
book-entry transfer of securities distributed through
DTC, and certain related matters.
 
Received and Accepted:
THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY
 
 
SCHEDULE A
1.        The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), New York, NY, will act as securities depository for the securities (the "Securities"). The Securities will be issued as fully-registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC's partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. One fully-registered Security certificate will be issued for [each issue of] the Securities, [each] in the aggregate principal amount of such issue, and will be deposited with DTC. [If, however, the aggregate principal amount of [any] issue exceeds $500 million, one certificate will be issued with respect to each $500 million of principal amount, and an additional certificate will be issued with respect to any remaining principal amount of such issue.]
2.        DTC, the world's largest securities depository, is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a "banking organization" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity issues, corporate and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that DTC's participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities, through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants' accounts. This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation ("DTCC"). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). DTC has Standard & Poor's highest rating: AAA. The DTC Rules applicable to its Participants are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. More information about DTC can be found at and .
www.dtcc.com
www.dtc.org
3.        Purchases of Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for the Securities on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each Security ("Beneficial Owner") is in turn to be recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants' records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in Securities, except in the event that use of the book-entry system for the Securities is discontinued.
4.        To facilitate subsequent transfers, all Securities deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of Securities with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee do not effect any change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Securities are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Direct and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of
 
their holdings on behalf of their customers.
5.        Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. [Beneficial Owners of Securities may wish to take certain steps to augment the transmission to them of notices of significant events with respect to the Securities, such as redemptions, tenders, defaults, and proposed amendments to the Security documents. For example, Beneficial Owners of Securities may wish to ascertain that the nominee holding the Securities for their benefit has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to Beneficial Owners. In the alternative, Beneficial Owners may wish to provide their names and addresses to the registrar and request that copies of notices be provided directly to them.]
[6.        Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the Securities within an issue are being redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be redeemed.]
7.        Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to Securities unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts Securities are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).
8.        Redemption proceeds, distributions, and dividend payments on the Securities will be made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC. DTC's practice is to credit Direct Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from Issuer or Agent, on payable date in accordance with their respective holdings shown on DTC's records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers in bearer form or registered in "street name," and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC, Agent, or Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of redemption proceeds, distributions, and dividend payments to Cede & Co. (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC) is the responsibility of Issuer or Agent, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants will be the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners will be the responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants.
[9.        A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its Securities purchased or tendered, through its Participant, to [Tender/Remarketing] Agent, and shall effect delivery of such Securities by causing the Direct Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the Securities, on DTC's records, to [Tender/Remarketing] Agent. The requirement for physical delivery of Securities in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the Securities are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered Securities to [Tender/Remarketing] Agent's DTC account.]
10.        DTC may discontinue providing its services as depository with respect to the Securities at any time by giving reasonable notice to Issuer or Agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor depository is not obtained, Security certificates are required to be printed and delivered.
11.        Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a successor securities depository). In that event, Security certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC.
12.        The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC's book-entry system has been obtained from sources that Issuer believes to be reliable, but Issuer takes no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.
 
, 2013
                    
The Issuer's Dealers
(collectively, the "Dealers") to the
Dealer Agreements (as defined below)
Addresses of Issuer's Dealers
Ladies and Gentlemen:
I am to Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and have acted as internal counsel to the Company in connection with (i) each of the Dealer Agreements dated April 23, 2013 (together with the Addendum and Exhibits attached thereto, each a "") between the Company and each of you respectively, (ii) the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated April 23, 2013 (the "") between the Company and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as issuing and paying agent (the ""), and (iii) the proposed offering and sale by the Company in the United States of commercial paper in the form of short-term promissory notes (the ""). This opinion is being delivered to each of you pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Dealer Agreement to which you are a party. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings herein ascribed thereto in the Dealer Agreement to which you are a party.
                    
Company
Dealer Agreement
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement
Agent
Notes
I, or an attorney on my staff, have reviewed the executed originals or copies of the following:
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, I, or an attorney on my staff, have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments, and have conducted such other investigations of fact and law, as I have deemed necessary or advisable for purposes of this opinion.
Upon the basis of the foregoing and subject to the limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions set forth herein, I am of the opinion that:
1.        The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
2.        The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under each Dealer Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Notes are within the Company's corporate powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action.
3.        Each of the Dealer Agreements and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company and the Notes, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, will be duly and validly issued and delivered.
4.        The Notes, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, will, to my knowledge, rank at least with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company.
pari passu
5.        The execution and delivery of each Dealer Agreement and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement by the Company, the issuance and delivery of the Notes in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement by the Company and the performance of its obligations thereunder will not, to my knowledge, result in the creation or imposition of any material lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the Company and will not contravene (a) the Certificate of Incorporation (as amended to the date hereof) or the Bylaws (as amended to the date hereof) of the Company or (b) any material contractual or material legal restriction contained in any agreement or instrument (i) which is presently in effect, (ii) to which the Company is a party or relating to or affecting any of its material properties, (iii) which the Company has filed as an exhibit to any of its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the ""), and (iv) the contravention of which, singly or collectively, is likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to perform its obligations under each Dealer Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement or the Notes ("").
1934 Act
Material Adverse Effect
6.        To my knowledge, there are no pending or overtly threatened actions or proceedings against the Company or any of its subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator in the United States that purport to affect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Agreement or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement or, when issued and delivered in accordance with the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, any of the Notes or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby or that are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; , that no opinion is given as to whether any of the actions or proceedings specifically disclosed in the Company's 1934 Act filings may have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of the opinion in this paragraph 6, I have not searched the records of any court, governmental agency or arbitration panel or organization.
provided however
The foregoing opinions are subject to the following limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions:
(a)        As to various provisions in the Dealer Agreements, the Notes and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement that grant the Agent or the Dealers certain rights to make determinations or take actions in their discretion, I assume that such discretion will be exercised in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
(b)        I express no opinion as to compliance with applicable antifraud statutes, rules or regulations of applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance or sale of securities.
I am a member of the bar of the State of California and the foregoing opinions are limited to the laws of the State of California, the federal laws of the United States of America and, with respect to paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 5(a) above only, the Delaware General Corporation Law. I express no opinion as to any matter relating to patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by any other person without my prior written
 
consent, except that the Agent may rely on this opinion as if it had been addressed to them. This opinion may not be relied upon by you to the extent that it relates to the Dealer Agreement to which you are not a party or a Private Placement Memorandum with respect to which you have not participated in the preparation.
Very truly yours,
 
, 2013
                    
The Issuer's Dealers
(collectively, the "Dealers") to the
Dealer Agreements (as defined below)
Addresses of Issuer's Dealers
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as special counsel for Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), in connection with (i) the Dealer Agreements dated April 23, 2013 (together with the Addendum and Exhibits attached thereto, each a "") between the Company and each of you (the ""), (ii) the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement dated April 23, 2013 (the "") between the Company and JP Morgan Chase Bank, National Association, as issuing and paying agent (the ""), and (iii) the proposed offering and sale by the Company in the United States of commercial paper in the form of short-term promissory notes (the ""). This opinion is delivered pursuant to Section 3.6 of the Dealer Agreement to which you are a party.
Company
Dealer Agreement
Dealers
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement
Agent
Notes
We have examined originals or copies of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of rendering this opinion.
We have also reviewed the Private Placement Memoranda dated April 23, 2013 relating to the Notes (each a "" and collectively the "").
Private Placement Memorandum
Private Placement Memoranda
In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have, without independent inquiry or investigation, assumed that (i) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and complete, (ii) all documents submitted to us as copies conform to authentic, complete originals, (iii) all documents filed with or submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission through its Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval ("EDGAR") system (except for required EDGAR formatting changes) conform to the versions of such documents reviewed by us prior to such formatting, (iv) all signatures on all documents that we reviewed are genuine, (v) all natural persons executing documents had and have the legal capacity to do so, (vi) all statements in certificates of public officials and officers of the Company that we reviewed were and are accurate and (vii) all representations made by the Company as to matters of fact in the documents that we reviewed were and are accurate.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein are used as defined in the Dealer Agreement to which you are a party.
Based upon the foregoing, and subject to the additional assumptions and qualifications set forth below, we are of the opinion that:
1.        Assuming the due authorization of the Notes by the Company, the Notes, when executed and authenticated pursuant to the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and delivered to and paid for by a Dealer pursuant to the applicable Dealer Agreement, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with their terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, concepts of reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability, provided that we express no opinion as to the (x) enforceability of any waiver of rights under any usury or stay law, (y) effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar provision of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above or (z) validity, legally binding effect or enforceability of
 
any provision that permits holders to collect any portion of stated principal amount upon acceleration of the Notes to the extent determined to constitute unearned interest.
2.        Each of the Dealer Agreements and the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, is a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally, concepts of reasonableness and equitable principles of general applicability, except that rights to indemnification and contribution under each Dealer Agreement may be limited under applicable law.
3.        Assuming compliance by the Company and each Dealer with their respective agreements in Sections 1.6 and 1.7 of the Dealer Agreement to which you are a party and compliance by each purchaser of the Notes with the offering and transfer procedures and restrictions described in the Private Placement Memorandum you participated in preparing, it is not necessary in connection with the offer, sale and delivery of the Notes to register the offer or sale of the Notes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, it being understood that no opinion is expressed as to any subsequent offer or resale of any Notes, and no indenture in respect of the Notes is required to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended.
4.        The Company is not, and after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof as described in the Private Placement Memoranda will not be required to register as an "investment company" as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
5.        The execution and delivery by the Company of, and the performance by the Company of its obligations under, each Dealer Agreement, the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement and the Notes (collectively, the "Documents") will not contravene (i) any provision of the laws of the State of New York or any federal law of the United States of America that in our experience is normally applicable to general business corporations in relation to transactions of the type contemplated by the Documents; provided that we express no opinion as to federal or state securities laws, or (ii) the certificate of incorporation or by laws of the Company.
6.        No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or qualification with, any governmental body or agency under the laws of the State of New York or any federal law of the United States of America that in our experience is normally applicable to general business corporations in relation to transactions of the type contemplated by the Documents is required for the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under the Documents, except such as may be required under federal or state securities or Blue Sky laws as to which we express no opinion.
The foregoing opinion is subject to the following qualifications:
A.        We express no opinion as to provisions in any Dealer Agreement or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement that purport to waive objections to venue, claims that a particular jurisdiction is an inconvenient forum or the like.
B.        We express no opinion as to whether a United States federal court would have subject-matter or personal jurisdiction over a controversy arising under any Dealer Agreement or the Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement.
C.        With respect to our opinion in paragraph (6) above, we express no opinion as to whether the purchase of the Notes constitutes a "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
D.        We express no opinion regarding compliance with, or non-contravention of, Regulations T, U or X and the interpretations thereunder by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
In rendering the opinions in paragraphs (1) and (2) above, we have assumed that each party to the Documents has been duly incorporated and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. In addition, we have assumed that (i) the execution, delivery and performance by each party thereto of each Document to which it is a party, (a) are within its corporate powers, (b) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, the certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other constitutive documents of such party, (c) require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official and (d) do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation or any judgment, injunction, order or decree or any agreement or other instrument binding upon such party, provided that we make no such assumption to the extent that we have specifically opined as to such matters with respect to the Company, and (ii) each Document is a valid, binding and enforceable agreement of each party thereto, (other than as expressly covered above in respect of the Company).
We are members of the Bars of the States of New York and California, and the foregoing opinion is limited to the laws of the State of New York, the federal laws of the United States of America and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, except that we express no opinion as to any law, rule or regulation that is applicable to the Company, the Documents or such transactions solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable to any party to any of the Documents or any of its affiliates due to the specific assets or business of such party or such affiliate.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by any other person (including any person acquiring Notes from a Dealer) or furnished to any other person without our prior written consent, except that the Agent may rely on this opinion as if it had been addressed to them.
This opinion may not be relied upon by you to the extent that it relates to the Dealer Agreement to which you are not a party or a Private Placement Memorandum that you did not participate in preparing.
Very truly yours,
 

Table of Contents
Exhibit 10.14
EXECUTION VERSION
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and the banks, financial institutions and other institutional lenders (the "") listed on the signature pages hereof, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association ("") as administrative agent (in such capacity, the ""), Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agents, Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as documentation agents, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners, agree as follows:
Borrower
Initial Lenders
Wells Fargo
Agent
Section 1.01.        . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings (such meanings to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined):
Certain Defined Terms
"" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
Additional Lender
"" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(b).
Additional Lender Supplement
"" means Liens not otherwise permitted hereunder on the assets of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries consisting solely of real property interests, cash and cash equivalents and any proceeds thereof; that the aggregate value of all assets subject to such Liens shall not exceed $500,000,000 at any time, based upon the book value of such assets determined at the time such Lien attaches.
Additional Permitted Liens
provided
"" means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Agent.
Administrative Questionnaire
"" means an advance by a Lender to the Borrower as part of a Borrowing under the Commitments and refers to a Base Rate Advance in Dollars or a Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Dollars or in an Alternate Currency (each of which shall be a "" of Advance).
Advance
Type
"" means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified.
Affiliate
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Agent
Table of Contents
"" means an account at Wells Fargo designated in writing to the Borrower.
Agent's Account
"" means this Agreement.
Agreement
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.14.
Agreement Currency
"" means Euros, Pounds Sterling or Yen.
Alternate Currency
"" means at any time all Advances made in an Alternate Currency then outstanding.
Alternate Currency Advances
"" means, at any time, the outstanding Dollar Amount of all Alternate Currency Advances in an Alternate Currency at such time.
Alternate Currency Exposure
"" means, with respect to all Alternate Currency Exposure under the Commitments, the Dollar Amount of $1,000,000,000 (as such amount may be increased pursuant to Section 2.05).
Alternate Currency Sublimit
"" means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender's Domestic Lending Office in the case of a Base Rate Advance and such Lender's Eurocurrency Lending Office in the case of a Eurocurrency Rate Advance.
Applicable Lending Office
"" means at any time and with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the total Commitments represented by such Lender's Commitment at such time. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments.
Applicable Percentage
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a).
Applicable Rate
"" means (a) a CLO and (b) with respect to any Lender that is a Fund, any other Fund that is managed by the same investment advisor as such Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor.
Approved Fund
"" means an assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender and an Eligible Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.07), and accepted by the Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto or any other form approved by the Agent.
Assignment and Acceptance
"" means, at any time, the highest of
Base Rate
(a)    the Prime Rate,
(b)    the rate which is
 1
/
2
of 1% in excess of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and
 
Table of Contents
(c)    the Market Rate Spread plus the rate equal to the Eurocurrency Rate for deposits in Dollars delivered that day for an Interest Period of one month for each day that a Base Rate Advance is outstanding (and in respect of any day that is not a Business Day, such Eurocurrency Rate as in effect on the immediately preceding Business Day).
"" means an Advance in Dollars that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(i).
Base Rate Advance
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Borrower
"" means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Advances of the same Type (or, in the case of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, having the same Interest Period) made by each of the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01.
Borrowing
"" means either:
Business Day
(a) for all purposes other than with respect to Alternate Currency Advances, a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City or Charlotte, North Carolina; that, if the applicable Business Day relates to any Eurocurrency Rate Advances, "" means a day of the year on which banks are not required or authorized by law to close in New York City and on which dealings are carried on in the London interbank market; or
provided
Business Day
(b) with respect to Alternate Currency Advances, any day on which banks in London are open for general banking business, including dealings in foreign currency and exchange (including dealing or deposits in the relevant Alternate Currency in the London Interbank market) and (i) with respect to determinations in connection with, and payments of principal and interest on, Advances denominated in Euros, any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (T) (or, if such clearing system ceases to be operative, such other clearing system (if any) determined by the Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for settlement of payment in Euros and (ii) with respect to Alternate Currency Advances denominated in Japanese Yen, any day on which banks in Tokyo, Japan are open for general banking business, including dealings in foreign currency and exchange (including dealing or deposits in Japanese Yen).
"" means (a) the last calendar day of each month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) and (b) at any time when a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, any other Business Day which the Agent may determine in its sole discretion to be a Calculation Date.
Calculation Date
"" means, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of the Borrower, the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of (i) Total Consolidated Net Debt of the
Capitalization Ratio
 
Table of Contents
Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date to (ii) Total Capitalization of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on such date.
"" means, when used with reference to Public Debt Ratings, the following categories of ratings:
Category
 
For purposes of the foregoing, (i) if both of Moody's and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Public Debt Rating, then the Category shall be determined by reference to such Public Debt Ratings and the Public Debt Rating of Fitch shall be disregarded, (ii) if only one of Moody's and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Public Debt Rating, then the Category shall be determined by reference to such Public Debt Rating and the Public Debt Rating of Fitch, (iii) if fewer than two of Moody's, S&P and Fitch shall have in effect a Public Debt Rating, then each rating agency that does not have in effect a Public Debt Rating shall be deemed to have established a rating in Category 4; and (iv) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody's and S&P (or, subject to the foregoing clauses of this paragraph, Fitch) for the Public Debt Rating shall fall within different Categories, the applicable Category shall be based on the higher of the two ratings unless one of the two ratings is two or more grades lower than the other (with each ratings distinction comprising a separate grade, such that, , BBB+ is two grades lower than A) and in the lower Category, in which case the applicable Category shall be determined by reference to a rating a single grade below the higher of the two ratings.
e.g.
"" means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, (a) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or by United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, and (b) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof shall in each case be deemed to be a "Change in Law," regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented.
Change in Law
 
Table of Contents
"" means any entity (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and is administered or managed by a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender.
CLO
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01.
Commitment
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(a).
Commitment Fee
"" means an increase in the Commitments as set forth in Section 2.05.
Commitment Increase
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05.
Commitment Increase Notice
"" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(c).
Commitment Increase Supplement
"" means the period from and including the Effective Date to the Termination Date.
Commitment Period
"" refers to the consolidation of accounts in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated
"" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. "" and "" have meanings correlative thereto.
Control
Controlling
Controlled
"" of any Person means Debt of such Person and its Subsidiaries on such date, as would be shown as debt or indebtedness of such Person on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and all guarantees of Debt of other Persons as would be shown as debt or indebtedness of such Person on a balance sheet of such other Persons prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, determined on a Consolidated basis.
Covenant Debt
"", "", and "" each refers to a conversion of Advances of one Type into Advances of the other Type pursuant to Section 2.08, 2.09 or 2.12.
Convert
Conversion
Converted
"" of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Person's business for which collection proceedings have not been commenced, that trade payables for which collection proceedings have commenced shall not be included in the term "Debt" so long as the payment of such trade payables is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and for which
Debt
provided
 
Table of Contents
appropriate reserves are being maintained) to the extent included on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, (d) all obligations of such Person created or arising under any conditional sale or other similar title retention agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property) to the extent included on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, (e) all obligations of such Person as lessee under leases that have been or should be, in accordance with GAAP, recorded as capital leases, (f) all obligations of such Person in respect of acceptances, letters of credit with respect to which to such Person is the account party or similar extensions of credit to such Person, (g) the aggregate net obligations of such Person in respect of Hedge Agreements; that, for purposes of this clause (g), Debt of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall only include net obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in respect of Hedge Agreements in an aggregate amount in excess of $50,000,000 as set forth on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, as of the date of determination, in accordance with GAAP, (h) all Debt of others referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above or clause (i) below guaranteed, by such Person, or in effect guaranteed by such Person, directly or indirectly, through a written agreement either (1) to pay or purchase such Debt or to advance or supply funds for the payment or purchase of such Debt or (2) to purchase, sell or lease (as lessee or lessor) property, or to purchase or sell services, primarily for the purpose of enabling the debtor to make payment of such Debt or to assure the holder of such Debt against loss and (i) all Debt referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Debt has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property (including, without limitation, accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Debt. In determining the amount of Debt of any Person of the type referred to in clause (h) or (i) above, the amount thereof shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the amount of the guarantee provided or the fair market value of collateral pledged (as applicable) and (ii) the amount of the underlying Debt of such other Person so guaranteed or secured.
provided
"" means any Event of Default or any event that would constitute an Event of Default but for the requirement that notice be given or time elapse or both.
Default
"" means any Lender that (i) has defaulted in its obligation to fund Advances hereunder within two Business Days of the date such Advances were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, (ii) has notified the Borrower or the Agent in writing that it does not intend to fund Advances hereunder (unless such writing relates to such Lender's obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender's determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent,
Defaulting Lender
 
Table of Contents
together with any applicable Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) cannot be satisfied) or (iii) is subject to a bankruptcy, insolvency or similar proceeding, or to the appointment of the FDIC or other receiver, trustee or custodian; that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of an equity interest in such Lender or Affiliate thereof by any Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender.
provided
"" means, at any date, (a) with respect to any Advance or Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the principal amount thereof then outstanding and (b) with respect to any Alternate Currency Advance or Borrowing in an Alternate Currency, the principal amount thereof then outstanding in the relevant Alternate Currency, converted to Dollars at the Exchange Rate on such date.
Dollar Amount
"" and the sign "" means the lawful money of the United States of America.
Dollars
$
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Domestic Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule 1A hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.
Domestic Lending Office
"" means the date that all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 shall have been satisfied or waived.
Effective Date
"" means (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, (c) an Approved Fund, (d) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; (e) a savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States, or any State thereof, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000; (f) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country that is a member of the OECD or has concluded special lending arrangements with the International Monetary Fund associated with its General Arrangements to Borrow or a political subdivision of any such country, and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000, so long as such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States; (g) a finance company, insurance company or other financial institution or fund (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or other entity) that is engaged in making, purchasing or otherwise holding commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and having a combined capital and surplus of at least $250,000,000 or an Approved Fund thereof and (h) any other Person (other than a natural person) approved by (i) the Agent, and (ii) unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed
Eligible Assignee
 
Table of Contents
and such approval, in the case of the Borrower, to be deemed to have been given if a response is not received within ten Business Days from the date on which request for such approval was received by the Borrower); that notwithstanding the foregoing, "Eligible Assignee" shall not include the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries.
provided
"" means any action, suit, demand, demand letter, claim, notice of non-compliance or violation, notice of liability or potential liability, investigation, proceeding, consent order or consent agreement relating in any way to any Environmental Law, Environmental Permit or Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of injury to health, safety or the environment, including, without limitation, (a) by any Governmental Authority for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response, remedial or other actions or damages and (b) by any Governmental Authority or any third party for damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief.
Environmental Action
"" means any federal, state, local or foreign statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, code, order, judgment, decree or judicial or agency interpretation, policy or guidance relating to pollution or protection of the environment, health, safety or natural resources, including, without limitation, those relating to the use, handling, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release or discharge of Hazardous Materials.
Environmental Law
"" means any permit, approval, identification number, license or other authorization required under any Environmental Law.
Environmental Permit
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
ERISA
"" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the Borrower's controlled group, or under common control with the Borrower, within the meaning of Section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code.
ERISA Affiliate
"" means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC; (b) the application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the imposition of a lien under Section 302(f)
ERISA Event
 
Table of Contents
of ERISA with respect to any Plan; (g) the adoption of an amendment to a Plan requiring the provision of security to such Plan pursuant to Section 307 of ERISA; or (h) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that is reasonably expected to result in the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan.
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the office of such Lender specified as its "Eurocurrency Lending Office" opposite its name on Schedule 1A hereto or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender (or, if no such office is specified, its Domestic Lending Office), or such other office of such Lender as such Lender may from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.
Eurocurrency Lending Office
"" has the meaning assigned to that term in Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect from time to time.
Eurocurrency Liabilities
"" means the rate per annum determined by the Agent at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the beginning of the relevant Interest Period (as specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing) by reference to the London interbank offered rate administered by the British Bankers' Association (or its successor) for Dollars or the relevant Alternate Currency, as the case may be (as set forth on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen (or any replacement Reuters page which displays that rate)), for a period equal to such Interest Period; that, to the extent that an interest rate is not ascertainable pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this definition, the "Eurocurrency Rate" shall be the interest rate per annum determined by the Agent to be the average of the rates per annum at which deposits in Dollars or in the relevant Alternate Currency, as the case may be, are offered for such relevant Interest Period to major banks in the London interbank market in London, England by the Reference Lenders at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the date which is two Business Days prior to the beginning of such Interest Period. If any of the Reference Lenders shall be unable or shall otherwise fail to supply such rates to the Agent upon its request, the rate of interest shall be determined on the basis of the quotations of the remaining Reference Lender.
Eurocurrency Rate
provided
"" means an Advance that bears interest as provided in Section 2.07(a)(ii).
Eurocurrency Rate Advance
"" has the meaning specified in Section 7.01.
Event of Default
"" means, on any day with respect to any two currencies, the rate at which the first such currency may be exchanged into the other such currency, as set forth at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day on the applicable Reuters World Spot Page. In the event that any such rate does not appear on any Reuters World Spot Page, the Exchange Rate shall be determined by reference to such other
Exchange Rate
 
Table of Contents
publicly available service for displaying exchange rates reasonably selected by the Agent or, at the discretion of the Agent, such Exchange Rate shall instead be the spot rate of Wells Fargo in a market reasonably selected by Agent where Wells Fargo customarily conducts foreign currency exchange operations at or about 11:00 a.m., London time, on such day for exchange of such first currency for such other currency.
"" means, with respect to the Agent, any Lender, or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder (a ""), (a) Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections solely arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, enforced, sold or assigned an interest in, or engaged in any other transaction pursuant to this Agreement), (b) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) and franchise Taxes, imposed by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the laws of which such Recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any Lender, in which its Applicable Lending Office is located, (c) any branch profits Taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar Tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Recipient is located, (d) in the case of a Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 2.15(b)), any U.S. federal withholding Tax that is imposed on amounts payable to such Lender at the time such Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new lending office) or is attributable to such Lender's failure (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with Section 2.14(e), except to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding Tax pursuant to Section 2.14(a) and (e) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.
Excluded Taxes
Recipient
"" means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementaton of such Sections of the Code.
FATCA
"" means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by the Agent.
Federal Funds Effective Rate
 
Table of Contents
"" means Fitch Ratings Ltd.
Fitch
"" means any Lender that is not a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
Foreign Lender
"" means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business.
Fund
"" has the meaning specified in Section 1.03.
GAAP
"" means the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).
Governmental Authority
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(g).
Granting Lender
"" means (a) petroleum and petroleum products, byproducts or breakdown products, radioactive materials, asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls and radon gas and (b) any other chemicals, materials or substances designated, classified or regulated as hazardous or toxic or as a pollutant or contaminant under any environmental law, statute or regulation.
Hazardous Materials
"" means interest rate swap, cap or collar agreements, interest rate future or option contracts, currency swap agreements, currency future or option contracts and other similar interest rate or currency exchange rate hedging agreements.
Hedge Agreements
"" means any Subsidiary of the Borrower (determined, solely for purposes of this definition, without regard to the last sentence of the definition thereof), designated by the Borrower in writing to the Agent (a) the assets of which do not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (b) the net income of which does not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (c) the revenues of which do not exceed 3% of the total Consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in each case as determined as of, or (as applicable) for the four fiscal quarters most recently ended on, the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Borrower and in accordance with GAAP.
Immaterial Subsidiary
"" means Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder.
Indemnified Taxes
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.04(b).
Indemnitee
 
Table of Contents
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Initial Lenders
"" means all trademarks, service marks, trade names, Internet domain names (as defined under 15 U.S.C.  1127), designs, logos, slogans, and general intangibles of like nature, together with all goodwill, registrations and applications related to the foregoing; all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice); patents and industrial designs (including any continuations, divisionals, continuations-in-part, renewals, reissues, and applications for any of the foregoing); copyrights (including any registrations and applications for any of the foregoing); Software; "mask works" (as defined under 17 U.S.C.  901) and any registrations and applications for "mask works"; technology, trade secrets, know-how, processes, formulae, algorithms, models, methodologies, discoveries, improvements, specifications and other proprietary or confidential information; database and data rights; drawings, records, books or other indicia, however evidenced, of the foregoing; rights of publicity and privacy relating to the use of the names, likenesses, voices, signatures and biographical information of real persons; lists or other information relating to customers, competitors, suppliers or any other Person; in each case the right to claims against another Person relating to the Intellectual Property; and in each case owned by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries on or after the Effective Date.
Intellectual Property
"" means, for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance comprising part of the same Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurocurrency Rate Advance or the date of the Conversion of any Base Rate Advance into such Eurocurrency Rate Advance and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below and, thereafter, with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances, each subsequent period commencing on the last day of the immediately preceding Interest Period and ending on the last day of the period selected by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions below. The duration of each such Interest Period shall be one, two, three or six months, as the Borrower may, upon notice received by the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the first day of such Interest Period, select; , , that:
Interest Period
provided
however
(a) the Borrower may not select any Interest Period that ends after the Termination Date;
(b) Interest Periods commencing on the same date for Eurocurrency Rate Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing shall be of the same duration;
(c) whenever the last day of any Interest Period would otherwise occur on a day other than a Business Day, the last day of such Interest Period shall be extended to occur on the next succeeding Business Day, , that, if such extension would cause the last day of such Interest Period to occur in the next following calendar month, the last day of such Interest Period shall occur on the next preceding Business Day; and
provided
however
 
Table of Contents
(d) whenever the first day of any Interest Period occurs on a day of an initial calendar month for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that succeeds such initial calendar month by the number of months equal to the number of months in such Interest Period, such Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of such succeeding calendar month.
"" or the "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
Internal Revenue Code
Code
"" means the United States Internal Revenue Service.
IRS
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.14.
Judgment Currency
"" means the Initial Lenders as set forth on Schedule 2.01 and each Person that shall become a party hereto pursuant to Section 2.05 or 9.07.
Lenders
"" means any lien, security interest or other charge or encumbrance of any kind.
Lien
"" means, at any time, the 30-day moving average credit default swap mid-rate spread of the Borrower interpolated for the period beginning on the applicable Determination Date (as defined below) to the Termination Date (or, if the Termination Date is less than one year from such Determination Date, the credit default swap mid-rate spread of the Borrower for a period of one year), in each case determined as of such Determination Date and as interpolated and published by the Market Rate Spread Source; that in any event the Market Rate Spread shall be subject to the minimum and maximum rates which are set forth in the Pricing Grid under the respective columns headed "Market Rate Spread Floor" and "Market Rate Spread Ceiling" corresponding to the Category in effect on such Determination Date.
Market Rate Spread
provided
The "" will be (a) for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance, two Business Days prior to the initial Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Advance and, if applicable, one Business Day prior to each subsequent Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Advance ( that, in the case of any Eurocurrency Rate Advance having an Interest Period of longer than three months, the Business Day prior to the three-month period succeeding such initial three-month period shall also be a Determination Date with respect to such Eurocurrency Rate Advance) and (b) if the Base Rate is determined in accordance with clause (c) of the definition of "Base Rate," set for such Base Rate Advance on the date of such Base Rate Advance and on the last Business Day of each succeeding calendar month.
Determination Dates
provided
If for any reason the Market Rate Spread cannot be determined pursuant to the forgoing procedures, the Borrower and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith for a period of up to 30 days after the Market Rate Spread becomes unavailable (such 30-day period, the "") to agree on an alternative method for establishing the
Negotiation Period
 
Table of Contents
Market Rate Spread. The Market Rate Spread during the Negotiation Period shall be the Market Rate Spread most recently determined pursuant to the first and second sentences of this definition. If no such alternative method is agreed upon during the Negotiation Period, the Market Rate Spread at any date of determination subsequent to the end of the Negotiation Period shall be a rate per annum equal to (a) 75.0 basis points, if Category 1 is then in effect, (b) 87.5 basis points, if Category 2 is then in effect, (c) 100.0 basis points, if Category 3 is then in effect and (d) 112.5 basis points, if Category 4 is then in effect.
"" means, initially, Markit Group Limited or its successors; , that if for any reason (i) Markit Group Limited or a successor thereof is not publishing the 30-day moving average credit default swap mid-rate spread of the Borrower for the applicable period specified by the definition of "Market Rate Spread," then the Market Rate Spread Source shall be page ORCLCP CDS for the applicable period or, if no such page exists, for the period nearest to the applicable period, or successor page on Bloomberg or its successor for so long as it is publishing such information and (ii) neither Markit Group Limited nor Bloomberg nor one of their respective successors is then publishing such information, then the Market Rate Spread Source shall be a similar financial services company selected by the Agent with the consent of the Borrower.
Market Rate Spread Source
provided
"" shall mean the result of one or more events, changes or effects which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (a) the results of operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the rights, remedies and benefits available to the parties hereunder.
Material Adverse Effect
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., its successors and assigns.
Moody's
"" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
"" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
Multiple Employer Plan
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.01(b).
Non-Consenting Lender
"" means a promissory note of the Borrower payable to any Lender, delivered pursuant to a request made under Section 2.19 in substantially the form of
Note
 
Table of Contents
Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from the Advances made by such Lender.
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).
Notice of Borrowing
"" has the meaning specified in Section 5.01(o).
OFAC
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.05(a).
Offered Increase Amount
"" means the collective reference to the joint lead arrangers, bookrunners, syndication agents and documentation agents described on the cover page of this Agreement.
Other Agents
"" means all present or future stamp, court, intangible, recording, filing, documentary or similar Taxes arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement.
Other Taxes
"" has the meaning specified Section 9.07(d).
Participant
"" has the meaning specified Section 9.07(d).
Participant Register
"" means each state so described in any EMU Legislation.
Participating Member State
"" means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001.
Patriot Act
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or any successor).
PBGC
"" means, with respect to any Person, (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and governmental charges and levies to the extent not required to be paid under Section 6.01(b) hereof; (b) pledges or deposits to secure obligations under workers' compensation, unemployment, insurance and other social security laws or similar legislation; (c) pledges or deposits to secure performance in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts for the payment of money) or leases to which such Person is a party; (d) deposits to secure public or statutory obligations of such Person; (e) materialmen's, mechanics', carriers', workers', repairmen's and other like Liens in the ordinary course of business, or deposits to obtain the release of such Liens to the extent such Liens, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect; (f) deposits to secure surety and appeal bonds to which such Person is a party; (g) other pledges or deposits for similar purposes in the ordinary course of business, including pledges and deposits to secure indemnity, performance or other similar bonds and in connection with insurance; (h) Liens created by or resulting from any litigation or legal proceeding which at the time is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (i)
Permitted Liens
 
Table of Contents
leases made, or existing on property acquired, in the ordinary course of business; (j) landlords' Liens under leases to which such Person is a party; (k) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, and restrictions on the use of real property or minor irregularities in title thereto, which, with respect to property that is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, do not materially impair the use of such property in the operation of the business of such Person or the value of such property for the purpose of such business; (l) Liens consisting of leases or subleases and licenses or sublicenses granted to others in the ordinary course of business not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and any interest or title of a lessor or licensor under any lease or license, as applicable; (m) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods; and (n) Liens which constitute a lender's rights of set-off of a customary nature.
"" means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, governmental authority or other entity.
Person
"" means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.
Plan
"" means the grid set forth below:
Pricing Grid
 
"" means the rate of interest per annum announced or established from time to time by Wells Fargo as its prime rate for dollars loaned in the United States in effect at its principal office in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Prime Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer. Wells Fargo or any other Lender may make commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above or below the Prime Rate.
Prime Rate
"" means, as of any date, the lowest rating that has been most recently announced by any of S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be, for any class of non-credit enhanced long-term senior unsecured debt issued by the
Public Debt Rating
 
Table of Contents
Borrower. For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if any rating established by S&P, Moody's or Fitch shall be changed, such change shall be effective as of the date on which such change is first announced publicly by the rating agency making such change; and (b) if S&P, Moody's or Fitch shall change the basis on which ratings are established, each reference to the Public Debt Rating announced by S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be, shall refer to the then equivalent rating by S&P, Moody's or Fitch, as the case may be.
"" means initially, Wells Fargo and Bank of America, N.A. or, if Wells Fargo and Bank of America, N.A. are unable to furnish timely information in accordance with Section 2.08, then any other commercial bank of recognized national standing designated by the Agent as constituting a "Reference Lender" to replace Wells Fargo and/or Bank of America, N.A., as relevant.
Reference Lenders
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(c).
Register
"" means, with respect to any Person, such Person's Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person's Affiliates.
Related Parties
"" means at any time Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) owed at least a majority in interest of the then aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures or, if no Advances are then outstanding, Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having at least a majority in interest of the Commitments.
Required Lenders
"" has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(d).
Requisite Amount
"" means the second Business Day following each Calculation Date; that, in connection with any Calculation Date designated pursuant to clause (b) of the definition thereof, the applicable Reset Date shall be such Calculation Date.
Reset Date
provided
"" means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the outstanding aggregate principal Dollar Amount of such Lender's Advances at such time.
Revolving Credit Exposure
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC business, its successors and assigns.
S&P
"" means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SEC
"" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than the Borrower and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
Single Employer Plan
 
Table of Contents
"" means any and all (a) computer programs, including any and all software implementation of algorithms, models and methodologies, whether in source code or object code form, (b) databases and compilations, including any and all data and collections of data, and (c) all documentation, including user manuals and training materials, relating to any of the foregoing.
Software
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07(g).
SPC
"" means, at any date, stockholders' equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis, on such date.
Stockholders' Equity
"" of any Person means any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or estate of which (or in which) more than 50% of (a) the issued and outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether at the time capital stock of any other class or classes of such corporation shall or might have voting power upon the occurrence of any contingency), (b) the interest in the capital or profits of such limited liability company, partnership or joint venture or (c) the beneficial interest in such trust or estate, is at the time directly or indirectly owned or Controlled by such Person, by such Person and one or more of its other Subsidiaries or by one or more of such Person's other Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, references to "Subsidiary" in this Agreement shall not include (i) Miracle Linux Kabushikigaisha (also known as Miracle Linux Corporation), a Japanese Kabushikigaisha or (ii) any other Person that would otherwise be a Subsidiary of the Borrower pursuant to the foregoing portion of this definition and that the Borrower does not directly or indirectly Control; that, in the case of any such Person in clause (i) or (ii), such Person is also an Immaterial Subsidiary.
Subsidiary
provided
"" means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.
Taxes
"" means the earlier of (a) April 20, 2018 and (b) the date of termination in whole of the Commitments pursuant to Section 2.04 or 7.01.
Termination Date
"" of any Person on any date, means the sum of (i) Total Consolidated Net Debt of such Person on such date and (ii) shareholders' equity of such Person on such date, determined on a Consolidated basis.
Total Capitalization
"" of any Person on any date, means (a) all Covenant Debt of such Person (b) cash, cash equivalents and short term investments reflected on the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such date.
Total Consolidated Net Debt
minus
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(e)(ii)(2)(C).
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
 
Table of Contents
"" means capital stock issued by a corporation, or equivalent interests in any other Person, the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to vote for the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such Person, even if the right so to vote has been suspended by the happening of such a contingency.
Voting Stock
"" has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.
Wells Fargo
Section 1.02.        . In this Agreement in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including" and the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding".
Computation of Time Periods
Section 1.03.        . All terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (""), as in effect in the United States from time to time, that, if the Borrower notifies the Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change, occurring after the date hereof, in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment of any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be applied on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "but not limited to". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall". Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and assigns, (c) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (d) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement and (e) the words "asset" and "property" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights.
Accounting Terms; Terms Generally
GAAP
provided
 
Table of Contents
Section 2.01.        . Each Lender severally agrees, on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, to make Advances to the Borrower in Dollars or an Alternate Currency from time to time on any Business Day during the Commitment Period in an aggregate amount that will not result in such Lender's Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding at any time the amount set forth opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 2.01 hereto or, if such Lender has entered into any Assignment and Acceptance or is an Additional Lender, as set forth for such Lender in the Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(c), as such amount may be reduced or increased pursuant to Section 2.04 or 2.05 (such Lender's "") ; that, with respect to Borrowings made in an Alternate Currency, (i) all such Borrowings shall consist of Eurocurrency Rate Advances and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, the Alternate Currency Exposure shall not exceed the Alternate Currency Sublimit . Each Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or comparable amounts determined by the Agent in the case of a Borrowing in an Alternate Currency) in excess thereof and shall consist of Advances of the same Type made on the same day by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments. Within the limits of this Section 2.01, the Borrower may borrow under this Section 2.01, prepay pursuant to Section 2.10 and reborrow under this Section 2.01.
The Advances
Commitment
provided
Section 2.02.        . (a) The Borrower may borrow under the Commitments during the Commitment Period on any Business Day, that each Borrowing shall be made on notice, given not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing in Dollars consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the fourth Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing in an Alternate Currency consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, or the Business Day of the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, by the Borrower to the Agent, which shall give to each Lender prompt notice thereof. Each such notice of a Borrowing (a "") shall be by telephone, confirmed immediately in writing or by telecopier in substantially the form of Exhibit B hereto, specifying therein the requested (i) date of such Borrowing, (ii) currency of such Borrowing, (iii)Type of Advances comprising such Borrowing, (iv) aggregate amount of such Borrowing, (v) remittance instructions and (vi) in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each Lender shall, before 1:00 P.M. (New York City time) (or, in the case of a Borrowing in an Alternate Currency, 9:00 A.M. (New York City time)) on the date of such Borrowing, make available for the account of its Applicable Lending Office to the Agent at the Agent's Account, in same day funds, such Lender's ratable portion of such Borrowing. After the Agent's receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, the Agent will make such funds available to the Borrower at the Agent's address referred to in Section 9.02.
Making the Advances
provided
Notice of Borrowing
 
Table of Contents
(b)    With respect to each Borrowing in Alternate Currencies, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time), on the second Business Day preceding the proposed Borrowing, the Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such date and give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rate so determined shall become effective on the date of the proposed Borrowing for the purpose of determining the availability of the Commitments under the Alternate Currency Sublimit (it being understood that such availability shall be calculated and determined by applying such Exchange Rate to the aggregate principal amount of Advances which are outstanding on such Borrowing date).
(c)    With respect to each Borrowing in Dollars at a time when Alternate Currency Advances are outstanding, not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York City time), on the second Business Day preceding the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, or the Business Day preceding the proposed Borrowing in the case of a Borrowing consisting of Base Rate Advances, the Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such date and give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rate so determined shall become effective on the date of the proposed Borrowing for the purposes of determining the availability under the Commitments (it being understood that such availability shall be calculated and determined by applying such Exchange Rate to the aggregate principal amount of Advances which are outstanding on such Borrowing date).
(d)    Not later than 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on each Calculation Date (so long as any Alternate Currency Advances are outstanding), the Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate as of such Calculation Date and give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders. The Exchange Rate so determined shall become effective on the next succeeding Reset Date. If, on any Reset Date, the Revolving Credit Exposure exceeds an amount equal to 105% of the Commitments, then the Borrower shall, within three Business Days after notice thereof from the Agent, prepay Advances in an amount such that, after giving effect thereto, the Revolving Credit Exposure does not exceed the Commitments (such calculation to be made using the Exchange Rate that is effective on such Reset Date); that any such prepayment shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the amount prepaid (except in the case of Base Rate Advances) but shall be without premium or penalty of any kind.
provided
(e)    Anything in subsection (a) above to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) the Borrower may not select Eurocurrency Rate Advances in a particular currency for any Borrowing if the aggregate obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances in such currency shall then be suspended pursuant to Section 2.08 or 2.12 and (ii) Eurocurrency Rate Advances may not be outstanding at any time as part of more than ten separate Borrowings.
(f)    Each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower. In the case of any Borrowing that the related Notice of Borrowing specifies is to be comprised of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Borrower shall indemnify each Lender against any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender as a
 
Table of Contents
result of any failure to fulfill on or before the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing for such Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Lender to fund the Advance to be made by such Lender as part of such Borrowing when such Advance, as a result of such failure, is not made on such date.
(g)    Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed time of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Agent such Lender's share of such Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Agent, then such Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at (i) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation and (ii) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Advances. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays such amount to the Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender's Advance included in such Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Agent.
(h)    The failure of any Lender to make the Advance to be made by it as part of any Borrowing shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Advance on the date of such Borrowing, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make the Advance to be made by such other Lender on the date of any Borrowing.
Section 2.03.        . (a) . The Borrower agrees to pay to the Agent for the account of each Lender a commitment fee (the "") on the average daily amount of such Lender's unused Commitment from (i) the Effective Date, in the case of each Initial Lender, (ii) from the effective date specified in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which it became a Lender, in the case of each other Lender (other than an Additional Lender) and (iii) from the effective date specified in the Additional Lender Supplement pursuant to which it became a Lender, in the case of each Additional Lender, in each case, until the Termination Date at a rate per annum equal to the rate set forth in the Pricing Grid under the column headed "Commitment Fee" corresponding to the Category in effect (the ""), payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December before the Termination Date, commencing with June, 2013, and on the
Fees
Commitment Fee
Commitment Fee
Applicable Rate
 
Table of Contents
Termination Date, but excluding, in the case of any Defaulting Lender, any period during which it is a Defaulting Lender. The Commitment Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the average daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect.
(b)    . The Borrower shall pay to the Agent for its own account such fees as may from time to time be agreed in writing between the Borrower and the Agent.
Agent's Fees
Section 2.04.        . The Borrower shall have the right, upon at least three Business Days' notice to the Agent, to terminate in whole or reduce ratably in part the unused portions of the respective Commitments of the Lenders, that each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof and that the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Lenders shall not be reduced to an amount that is less than the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures then outstanding and that once terminated, a Commitment may not be reinstated.
Termination or Reduction of the Commitments
provided
provided further
provided
further
Section 2.05.         (a) The Borrower shall have the right, at any time and from time to time after the Effective Date, to increase the Commitments and the Alternate Currency Sublimit by a proportionate amount pursuant to this Section 2.05 subject to the restrictions of subsection (d) of this Section 2.05 (any such increase (including the proportionate increase in the Alternate Currency Sublimit), a ""); that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date of the Commitment Increase or shall result from the proposed Commitment Increase and (ii) the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of the Commitment Increase as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation and warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). In the event that the Borrower wishes to increase the aggregate Commitments at any time, the Borrower shall notify the Agent in writing of the amount (the "") of such proposed increase (such notice, a ""); , that the aggregate amount of any such initial increase in the Commitment shall be at least $250,000,000, and, any subsequent increases in the Commitments shall be in increments of at least $100,000,000 thereafter. The Borrower shall (x) , offer the existing Lenders the opportunity to participate in such increase of their Commitments among such existing Lenders to provide the Offered Increase Amount pursuant to subsection 2.05(c), and each such Lender shall, within five Business Days after receipt of such notice (or such other period as may be specified by the Agent and the Borrower), notify the Agent whether it agrees to increase its Commitment and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less than its pro rata amount of such requested increase (and any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment) and (y) , to the extent that Commitment Increases are not agreed to by existing Lenders under clause (x) (as
Commitment Increases
Commitment Increase
provided
Offered Increase Amount
Commitment Increase Notice
provided
first
second
 
Table of Contents
accepted and allocated by the Agent and the Borrower as they shall agree), offer one or more additional banks, financial institutions or other entities (approved by the Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld) the opportunity to participate in all or a portion of the Offered Increase Amount pursuant to subsection 2.05(b).
(b)    Any additional bank, financial institution or other entity which the Borrower selects to offer participation in a Commitment Increase and which agrees to provide a Commitment in an amount so offered and accepted by it pursuant to subsection 2.05(a)(y) shall execute an Additional Lender Supplement (in substantially the form specified by the Agent, each an "") with the Borrower and the Agent, whereupon such bank, financial institution or other entity (herein called an "") shall become a Lender for all purposes and to the same extent as if originally a party hereto and shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement, that the Commitment of any such Additional Lender shall be in an amount not less than $10,000,000 or such smaller amount as the Borrower and Agent may otherwise agree.
Additional Lender Supplement
Additional Lender
provided
(c)    Any existing Lender which accepts an offer to increase its Commitment pursuant to subsection 2.05(a)(x) shall execute a Commitment Increase Supplement (in substantially the form specified by the Agent, each a "") with the Borrower and the Agent whereupon such Lender shall be bound by and entitled to the benefits of this Agreement with respect to the full amount of its Commitment as so increased.
Commitment Increase Supplement
(d)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2.05, (i) in no event shall any Commitment Increase or transaction effected pursuant to this Section 2.05 cause the aggregate Commitments hereunder to exceed $5,000,000,000 and (ii) no existing Lender shall have any obligation to increase its Commitment unless it agrees to do so in its sole discretion.
(e)    Upon the effectiveness of a Commitment Increase, the Agent shall allocate among the Lenders such amount of Advances as may be then outstanding as is necessary so that, after giving effect to such allocations and any Borrowings on such date of all or any portion of the relevant increase of the Commitment, the principal balance of all outstanding Advances owing to a Lender is equivalent to each such Lender's Applicable Percentage (after giving effect to any nonratable increase in the Commitment resulting from the exercise of a Commitment Increase pursuant to this Section 2.05) of the then Revolving Credit Exposure.
If the Commitments are increased in accordance with this Section 2.05, the Agent and the Borrower shall determine the effective date and final allocation of such increase and shall notify the Lenders thereof. No further amendment or other document (other than the Commitment Increase Supplements and/or Additional Lender Supplements referred to above) shall be required for such increase to be effective.
 
Table of Contents
Section 2.06.        . The Borrower shall repay to the Agent for the ratable account of the Lenders on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Advances then outstanding.
Repayment of Advances
Section 2.07.        . (a) . The Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance owing to each Lender from the date of such Advance until such principal amount shall be paid in full, at the following rates per annum:
Interest
Scheduled Interest
(i)    . During such periods as such Advance is a Base Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times to the Base Rate in effect from time to time, payable in arrears quarterly on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December during such periods, commencing with June, 2013, for the period beginning on the Effective Date and then ended.
Base Rate Advances
(ii)    . During such periods as such Advance is a Eurocurrency Rate Advance, a rate per annum equal at all times during each Interest Period for such Advance to the sum of (x) the Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period for such Advance (y) the Market Rate Spread for such Advance, payable in arrears on the last day of such Interest Period and, if such Interest Period has a duration of more than three months, on each Business Day that occurs during such Interest Period every three months from the first day of such Interest Period and on the date such Eurocurrency Rate Advance shall be Converted or paid in full.
Eurocurrency Rate Advances
plus
(b)    . The Agent may with the consent, or shall at the direction, of the Required Lenders require that the Borrower pay interest ("") on (i) the unpaid principal amount of each overdue Advance owing to each Lender, payable in arrears on the dates referred to in clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on such Advance pursuant to clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above and (ii) to the fullest extent permitted by law, the amount of any interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder that is not paid when due, from the date such amount shall be due until such amount shall be paid in full, payable in arrears on the date such amount shall be paid in full and on demand, at a rate per annum equal at all times to 2% per annum above the rate per annum required to be paid on Base Rate Advances pursuant to clause (a)(i) above, , , that following acceleration of the Advances pursuant to Section 7.01, Default Interest shall accrue and be payable hereunder whether or not previously required by the Agent.
Default Interest
Default Interest
provided
however
Section 2.08.        . (a) Each Reference Lender agrees, if requested by the Agent, to furnish to the Agent timely information for the purpose of determining the Eurocurrency Rate. If any of the Reference Lenders shall not furnish such timely information to the Agent for the purpose of determining any such
Interest Rate Determination
 
Table of Contents
interest rate, the Agent shall determine such interest rate on the basis of timely information furnished by the remaining Reference Lenders. The Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower and the Lenders of the (i) applicable interest rate determined by the Agent for purposes of Section 2.07(a)(i) or (ii), and the rate, if any, furnished by each Reference Lender for the purpose of determining the interest rate under Section 2.07(a)(ii).
(b)    If, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Required Lenders notify the Agent that the Eurocurrency Rate in any currency or currencies for any Interest Period for such Advances will not adequately reflect the cost to such Required Lenders of making, funding or maintaining their respective Eurocurrency Rate Advances for such Interest Period, the Agent shall forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders, whereupon (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Dollars (if an affected currency) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance, and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurocurrency Rate Advances in the affected currency or currencies shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
(c)    If the Borrower shall fail to select the duration of any Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Rate Advances in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of "Interest Period" in Section 1.01, the Agent will forthwith so notify the Borrower and the Lenders and such Advances (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, continue for a new Interest Period with the same duration as the Interest Period then ending, subject to the definition of "Interest Period".
(d)    On the date on which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of Eurocurrency Rate Advances in Dollars comprising any Borrowing shall be reduced, by payment or prepayment or otherwise, to less than $10,000,000 such Advances shall automatically Convert into Base Rate Advances.
(e)    Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default under Section 7.01(a), (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance in Dollars (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make, or to Convert Advances into, Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended.
(f)    If fewer than two Reference Lenders determine and furnish timely information to the Agent for determining the Eurocurrency Rate for any Eurocurrency Rate Advances of any currency after the Agent has requested such information:
(i)    the Agent shall forthwith notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the interest rate cannot be determined for such Eurocurrency Rate Advances of such currency or currencies,
 
Table of Contents
(ii)    with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances in Dollars (if Dollars is one of the affected currencies), each such Advance (unless repaid) will automatically, on the last day of the then existing Interest Period therefor, Convert into a Base Rate Advance (or if such Advance is then a Base Rate Advance, will continue as a Base Rate Advance), and
(iii)    the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances in such affected currency or currencies or to Convert Advances into Eurocurrency Rate Advances in such affected currency or currencies shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
Section 2.09.        . The Borrower may on any Business Day, upon notice given to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the third Business Day prior to the date of the proposed Conversion and subject to the provisions of Sections 2.08 and 2.12, Convert all or a portion of all (comprising, in the case of any portion, a ratable portion of the respective Advances of each Lender and in an aggregate amount not less than $10,000,000) Advances of one Type comprising the same Borrowing made to the Borrower into Advances of the other Type; , , any Conversion of Eurocurrency Rate Advances into Base Rate Advances shall be made only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurocurrency Rate Advances and any Conversion of Base Rate Advances into Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be in an amount not less than $10,000,000. Each such notice of a Conversion shall, within the restrictions specified above, specify (i) the date of such Conversion, (ii) the Advances (or portions thereof) to be Converted and (iii) if such Conversion is into Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the duration of the initial Interest Period for each such Advance. Each notice of Conversion shall be irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.
Optional Conversion of Advances
provided
however
Section 2.10.        . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the proposed prepayment date for Base Rate Advances, and upon at least three Business Days' notice for Eurocurrency Rate Advances, in each case stating the proposed date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, and if such notice is given the Borrower shall, prepay in whole or ratably in part the outstanding principal amount of the Advances comprising part of the same Borrowing made to the Borrower together with accrued interest to the date of such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid; , , that (x) each partial prepayment shall be in an aggregate principal amount of $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 (or comparable amounts determined by the Agent in the case of Alternate Currencies) in excess thereof, (y) no partial prepayment of any Borrowing of Alternate Currency Advances shall be made if, after giving effect thereto, the Dollar Amount thereof would be less than $10,000,000 and (z) in the event of any such prepayment of Eurocurrency Rate Advances, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the Lenders in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.17.
Optional Prepayments of Advances
provided
however
 
Table of Contents
Section 2.11.        . (a) If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement referred to in clause (e) of this Section 2.11); (ii) subject any Lender to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or any Eurocurrency Rate Advance made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes, Other Taxes and Taxes described in clauses (b) through (e) of the definition of Excluded Taxes); or (iii) impose on any Lender or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Rate Advances made by such Lender; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Rate Advance (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance) or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then upon request of such Lender the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.
Increased Costs; Additional Reserve Requirements
(b)    If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or the Applicable Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender's holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender's capital or on the capital of such Lender's holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Advances made by such Lender or its obligations hereunder, to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender's holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender's policies and the policies of such Lender's holding company with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender's holding company for any such reduction suffered.
(c)    A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 2.11 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 Business Days after receipt thereof.
(d)    Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender's right to demand such compensation, that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section 2.11 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than nine months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender's intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).
provided
 
Table of Contents
(e)    The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, so long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves (including, without limitation, reserves in respect of Eurocurrency Liabilities) with respect to Eurocurrency Rate Advances, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of any such Eurocurrency Rate Advance equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Advance by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Advance, the Borrower shall have received at least 10 days' prior notice (with a copy to the Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant interest payment date, such additional interest costs shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice.
provided
Section 2.12.        . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any Lender shall notify the Agent that the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation makes it unlawful, or any central bank or other governmental authority having relevant jurisdiction asserts that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its Eurocurrency Lending Office to perform its obligations hereunder to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances in any currency or to fund or maintain Eurocurrency Rate Advances hereunder in any currency, (i) each Eurocurrency Rate Advance will Convert into a Base Rate Advance either (x) on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Eurocurrency Rate Advance if such Lender may lawfully maintain and fund such Eurocurrency Rate Advance to such date, or (y) immediately and automatically if such Lender shall determine that it may not lawfully maintain and fund such Eurocurrency Rate Advance to such date; and (ii) the obligation of the Lenders to make Eurocurrency Rate Advances or to Convert Advances into Eurocurrency Rate Advances shall be suspended until the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances causing such suspension no longer exist.
Illegality
Section 2.13.        . (a) The Borrower shall make each payment hereunder and under the Notes not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) (or, in the case of a payment in respect of Advances in an Alternate Currency, 9:00 A.M. (New York City time)) on the day when due in Dollars (or, in the case of Advances in an Alternate Currency, such Alternate Currency) to the Agent at the Agent's Account in same day funds, without set-off, counterclaim or deduction, in each case as expressly provided herein. The Agent will promptly thereafter cause to be distributed like funds relating to the payment of principal or interest or Commitment Fees ratably (other than amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11, 2.14 or 2.17) to the Lenders for the account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, and like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to any Lender to such Lender for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, in each case to be applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Payments and Computations
 
Table of Contents
(b)    All computations of interest based on the Base Rate (except when calculated by reference to the Federal Funds Effective Rate) shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and all computations of interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate or the Federal Funds Effective Rate and of Commitment Fees shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a year of 360 days (other than calculations of interest in connection with Pounds Sterling, which shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 365/366 days, as the case may be), in each case for the actual number of days (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest, Commitment Fees are payable. Each determination by the Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent error in the calculation of such interest rate.
(c)    Except as otherwise set forth herein, whenever any payment hereunder or under the Notes shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest, or Commitment Fees, as the case may be; , , that, if such extension would cause payment of interest on or principal of Eurocurrency Rate Advances to be made in the next following calendar month, such payment shall be made on the next preceding Business Day.
provided
however
(d)    Unless the Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.
Section 2.14.        . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear of and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, that if the Borrower shall be required by applicable law to deduct or withhold any Taxes from such payments, then (i) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, the sum payable shall be increased as necessary so that after making all such required deductions and withholdings (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.14) the Agent or Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made, (ii) the Borrower shall make such deductions or withholdings and (iii) the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
Taxes
provided
 
Table of Contents
(b)    Without limiting the provisions of paragraph (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
(c)    The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent and each Lender within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.14) payable or paid by the Agent or such Lender, and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Agent), or by the Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.
(d)    As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.14, the Borrower shall deliver to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent.
(e)
(i)    Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments hereunder shall deliver to the Borrower (with a copy to the Agent), at the time or times prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.14(e)(ii)(1), (ii)(2) and (ii)(4) below) shall not be required if in the Lender's reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.
(ii)    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
 
Table of Contents
(1)    any Lender that is a "United States person" within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax;
(2)    any Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so, whichever of the following is applicable:
(A)    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest hereunder, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments hereunder, IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the "business profits" or "other income" article of such tax treaty;
(B)    executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI;
(C)    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a "10 percent shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a "controlled foreign corporation" described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a "") and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN; or
U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
(D)    to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI,
 
Table of Contents
IRS Form W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 or Exhibit F-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit F-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
(3)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
(4)    if a payment made to a Lender hereunder would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (4), "FATCA" shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 
Table of Contents
(f)    If the Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.14, it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 2.14 with respect to the Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), that the Borrower, upon the request of the Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Agent or such Lender in the event the Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the Agent or such Lender in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the Agent or such Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require the Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person.
provided
(g)    Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Agent, within 10 Business Days after demand therefor, for (i) any Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Agent for such Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so) and (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender's failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.07(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register, in either case, that are payable or paid by the Agent in connection with this Agreement, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or otherwise payable by the Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Agent under this paragraph (g).
(h)    For purposes of this Section 2.14, the term "applicable law" includes FATCA.
Section 2.15.        . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.11, or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its
Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders
 
Table of Contents
Advances hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11 or 2.14, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment.
(b)    If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.11, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.14, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 9.07), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Notes to an Eligible Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Eligible Assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), that (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 9.07, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder (including any amounts under Section 2.17) from such Eligible Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.11 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.14, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter, and (iv) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply.
provided
Section 2.16.        . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Advances or other obligations of the Borrower hereunder resulting in such Lender's receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of its Advances and accrued interest thereon or other such obligations greater than its share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Agent of such fact and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Advances and such other obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, to the end that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Advances and other amounts owing them, that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any
Sharing of Payments, Etc
pro rata
provided
 
Table of Contents
payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Advances to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation.
Section 2.17.        . If any payment of principal of, or Conversion of, any Eurocurrency Rate Advance is made by the Borrower to or for the account of a Lender other than on the last day of the Interest Period for such Advance, as a result of a payment, prepayment or Conversion pursuant to this Agreement or acceleration of the maturity of the Advances pursuant to Section 7.01 (but not pursuant to Section 2.02(d)), the Borrower shall, upon demand by such Lender (with a copy of such demand to the Agent), pay to the Agent for the account of such Lender any amounts required to compensate such Lender for any additional losses, costs or expenses that it may reasonably incur as a result of such payment or Conversion, including, without limitation, any loss (excluding loss of anticipated profits), cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by any Lender to fund or maintain such Advance.
Compensation for Breakage Costs
Section 2.18.        . The proceeds of the Advances shall be available (and the Borrower agrees that it shall use such proceeds) for working capital purposes and for other general corporate purposes, that such proceeds shall not be used in any manner that would result in violation of Regulation U or X, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as now and from time to time hereafter in effect.
Use of Proceeds
provided
Section 2.19.        . (a) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Advance owing to such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder in respect of Advances. The Borrower agrees that upon notice by any Lender to the Borrower (with a copy of such notice to the Agent) to the effect that a Note is required or appropriate in order for such Lender to evidence (whether for purposes of pledge, enforcement or otherwise) the Advances owing to, or to be made by, such Lender, the Borrower shall promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a Note payable to such Lender in a principal amount up to the Commitment of such Lender.
Evidence of Debt
(b)    The Register maintained by the Agent pursuant to Section 9.07(c) shall include a control account, and a subsidiary account for each Lender, in which accounts (taken together) shall be recorded (i) the date and amount of each Borrowing made hereunder, the Type and currency of Advances comprising such
 
Table of Contents
Borrowing and, if appropriate, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the terms of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to and accepted by the Agent, (iii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iv) the amount of any sum received by the Agent from the Borrower hereunder and each Lender's share thereof.
(c)    Entries made in good faith by each Lender in its account or accounts pursuant to subsection (a) above, shall be evidence of the amount of principal and interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to such Lender under this Agreement, absent manifest error; , , that the failure of such Lender to make an entry, or any finding that an entry is incorrect, in such account or accounts shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement.
prima
facie
provided
however
Section 4.01.        . The Effective Date shall occur upon the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
Conditions Precedent to Effective Date
(a)    Since May 31, 2012, there shall not have occurred any Material Adverse Effect.
(b)    All governmental and third party consents and approvals necessary in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been obtained (without the imposition of any conditions that are not acceptable to the Lenders in their reasonable discretion) and shall remain in effect, and no law or regulation shall be applicable in the reasonable judgment of the Lenders that restrains, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions upon the transactions contemplated hereby.
(c)    The Borrower shall have paid all reasonable invoiced fees and out-of-pocket expenses of the Agent and the Lenders (including the reasonable invoiced fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent required by this Agreement), to the extent invoices therefor have been received at least one Business Day before the Effective Date.
(d)    On the Effective Date, the following statements shall be true and the Agent shall have received on behalf of the Lenders a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of the Borrower, dated the Effective Date, stating that:
(i)    The representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 are true and correct on and as of the Effective Date, and
 
Table of Contents
(ii)    No event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default.
(e)    The Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date the following, each dated the Effective Date, in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent:
(i)    A Note to the order of each Lender (if any) that has requested one pursuant to Section 2.19.
(ii)    Certified copies of (A) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower approving the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower, (B) all documents evidencing other necessary corporate action and governmental approvals, if any, with respect to this Agreement and such Notes and (C) the certificate of incorporation (which shall be certified by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware) and by-laws of the Borrower.
(iii)    A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Borrower certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Borrower authorized to sign this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower and the other documents to be delivered hereunder.
(iv)    A favorable opinion of (i) in-house counsel for the Borrower in the form of Exhibit D-1 and (ii) Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, counsel for the Borrower, in the form of Exhibit D-2.
(v)    A certificate of a duly authorized officer of the Borrower dated the Effective Date demonstrating compliance with the financial covenant contained in Section 6.02(c) as of the end of the fiscal quarter most recently ended prior to the Effective Date as to which financial statements are referred to in Section 5.01(e) or, if later, for which financial statements have been delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01(g).
Section 4.02.        . The obligation of each Lender to make an Advance on the occasion of each Borrowing shall be subject to the conditions precedent (without limitation of the conditions precedent to the Effective Date set forth in Section 4.01) that on the date of such Borrowing the following statements shall be true (and each of the giving of the applicable Notice of Borrowing and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds of such Borrowing shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on the date of such Borrowing such statements are true):
Conditions Precedent to Each Borrowing
 
Table of Contents
(a)    the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 made by the Borrower (other than the representations and warranties contained in clauses (f)(i) and (g) of Section 5.01) are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such Borrowing before and after giving effect to such Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific earlier date in which case it was true as of such earlier date), and
(b)    no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.
Section 4.03.        . For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in Section 4.01, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the Effective Date specifying its objection thereto. The Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrower of the anticipated Effective Date. The Agent shall notify all parties promptly of the occurrence of the Effective Date, which notice shall be conclusive once given.
Determinations Under Section 4.01
Section 5.01.        . The Borrower represents and warrants as follows:
Representations and Warranties of the Borrower
(a)    The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its incorporation.
(b)    The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the Notes, if any, to be delivered by it, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, are within the Borrower's corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (i) the Borrower's charter or by-laws (or other equivalent organizational documents), (ii) applicable law or (iii) any contract or instrument binding on the Borrower or any of its properties or assets that is material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
(c)    No authorization or approval or other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body or any other third party is required for the due execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or the Notes, if any, to be delivered by it.
 
Table of Contents
(d)    This Agreement has been, and each of the Notes, if any, to be delivered by the Borrower when delivered hereunder will have been, duly executed and delivered by the Borrower. Assuming that this Agreement has been duly executed by the Agent and each of the Initial Lenders, this Agreement is, and each of the Notes of the Borrower when delivered hereunder will be, the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its respective terms, subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general application affecting the rights and remedies of creditors and (ii) general principles of equity, regardless of whether applied in proceedings in equity or at law.
(e)    The Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at May 31, 2012, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year then ended, accompanied by the opinion(s) of one or more firms of independent certified public accountants of recognized national standing, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K with respect to its year ended May 31, 2012, and the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at February 28, 2013, and the related Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the nine months then ended, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-Q with respect to its fiscal quarter ended February 28, 2013, fairly present, subject, in the case of said balance sheet at February 28, 2013, and said statements of income and cash flows for the nine months then ended, to absence of footnotes and to year-end audit adjustments, the Consolidated financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at such dates and the Consolidated results of the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the periods ended on such dates, all in accordance with GAAP consistently applied.
(f)    There is no pending or (to the knowledge of the Borrower) threatened action, investigation or proceeding, including, without limitation, any Environmental Action, affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator that is initiated by any Person other than a Lender in its capacity as a Lender (i) that is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) that purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any Note or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
(g)    Since May 31, 2012, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect.
(h)    None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is an Investment Company, as such term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
(i)    No part of the proceeds of any Advances will be used in any manner that would result in a violation of Regulation U or X, issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as in effect at any time this representation is made or deemed made.
 
Table of Contents
(j)    The proceeds of the Advances shall be used by the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18.
(k)    No report, financial statement or other written information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Agent or any Lender pursuant to subsection 6.01(g) (as modified or supplemented by any other information provided to the Agent or any Lender) contains or will contain any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were, are or will be made, not misleading, except to the extent that the facts (whether misstated or omitted) do not result in a Material Adverse Effect; that with respect to any projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information has been (or will be) prepared in good faith based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
provided
(l)    The Borrower is in compliance with all material provisions of ERISA, except to the extent that all failures to be in compliance could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(m)    The claims of the Agent and the Lenders against the Borrower under this Agreement rank at least with the claims of all its unsecured creditors, save those whose claims are preferred solely by the laws of general application having effect in relation to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar events.
pari
passu
(n)    The Borrower and its Subsidiaries have filed all United States federal tax returns and all other tax returns that are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which are required to be filed and have paid all United States federal taxes and all other taxes that are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in each case, that are due pursuant to said returns or pursuant to any material assessment received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except in respect of such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and to which appropriate reserves are being maintained.
(o)    Neither the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer, agent, employee or Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is currently subject to any material U.S. sanctions administered by U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (""), and the Borrower will not directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly use the proceeds from the Loans or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person, for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC.
OFAC
 
Table of Contents
Section 6.01.        . So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder the Borrower will (and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to):
Affirmative Covenants
(a)     Comply in all material respects, with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and orders (such compliance to include, without limitation, compliance with ERISA, Environmental Laws and the Patriot Act) except where the failure to so comply would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Compliance with Laws, Etc.
(b)     Pay and discharge before the same shall become delinquent, (i) all taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or upon its property and (ii) all lawful claims that, if unpaid, might by law become a Lien upon its property; , , that none of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to pay or discharge any such tax, assessment, charge or claim that is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained, unless and until any Lien resulting therefrom attaches to its property and becomes enforceable against its other creditors and the aggregate of such Liens would have a Material Adverse Effect.
Payment of Taxes, Etc.
provided
however
(c)     Preserve and maintain its corporate existence, rights (charter and statutory) and franchises; , , that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries may consummate any transaction permitted under Section 6.02(b) and that none of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right or franchise, and no Subsidiary shall be required to preserve and maintain its corporate existence, if the senior management of the Borrower or of such Subsidiary (or any Person authorized by the Borrower or such Subsidiary) shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
provided
however
provided further
(d)    . During normal business hours and upon not less than five days' notice, permit the Agent or any of the Lenders or any agents or representatives thereof, to examine and make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of (excluding any confidential information), and visit the properties of, the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries with the appropriate representatives of the Borrower and together with the appropriate representatives of the Borrower's independent certified public accountants, , , that examination of the records of the Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries shall occur only at times when an Advance or Advances shall be outstanding to the Borrower and , , that the
Visitation Rights
provided
however
provided
further
 
Table of Contents
Agent and the Lenders may make copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account only at times when an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
(e)    . Keep proper books of record and account, in which full and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and the assets and business of the Borrower and each Subsidiary in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time.
Keeping of Books
(f)    . Conduct all transactions otherwise permitted under this Agreement with any of its Affiliates (other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries) on terms that are fair and reasonable and no less favorable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries than it would obtain in a comparable arm's-length transaction with a Person not an Affiliate except where the failure to do so, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
Transactions with Affiliates
(g)    . Furnish to the Lenders:
Reporting Requirements
(i)    as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such shorter period as required by the SEC), the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the period commencing at the end of the previous fiscal year and ending with the end of such quarter, duly certified (subject to year-end audit adjustments) by the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower as having been prepared in accordance with GAAP;
(ii)    as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such shorter period as required by the SEC), a copy of the annual audit report for such year for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, containing the Consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year and the Consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, in each case accompanied by the opinion(s) of Ernst & Young LLP or one or more other firms of independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing reasonably acceptable to the Agent;
(iii)    concurrently with subsections (g)(i) and (g)(ii) of this Section 6.01, a certificate of the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower certifying that to the best of his or her knowledge no Event of Default is continuing at such date or specifying any Event of Default that is continuing at such date and specifying the nature and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto;
 
Table of Contents
(iv)    as soon as possible and in any event within five Business Days after a Board-appointed officer of the Borrower becomes aware of the occurrence of each Default continuing on the date of such statement, a statement of the chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the Borrower setting forth details of such Default and the action that the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto;
(v)    promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of all quarterly and annual reports and proxy solicitations that the Borrower sends to any of its security holders, and copies of all reports on Form 8-K that the Borrower files with the SEC) (other than reports on Form 8-K filed solely for the purpose of incorporating exhibits into a registration statement previously filed with the SEC);
(vi)    prompt notice of all actions and proceedings before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator affecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries of the type described in Section 5.01(f); and
(vii)    such other information respecting the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as any Lender through the Agent may from time to time reasonably request.
Reports required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above for the Borrower shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date on which the Borrower posts such reports on the Borrower's website on the Internet at the website address listed for the Borrower on the signature pages hereof or when such report is posted on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and such posting shall be deemed to satisfy the reporting requirements of clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above; that the Borrower shall deliver paper copies of the reports referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (v) above to the Agent or any Lender who requests the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until written notice to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Agent or such Lender and , that in every instance the Borrower shall provide paper copies of the certificate required by clauses (iii) and (iv) above to the Agent and each of the Lenders until such time as the Agent shall have provided the Borrower written notice otherwise.
provided
provided
further
(h)    . Use the proceeds of the Advances in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18.
Use of Proceeds
Section 6.02.        . So long as any Advance shall remain unpaid or any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder:
Negative Covenants
(a)     None of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries will create or suffer to exist any Lien on or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or on any of the income or profits therefrom unless it shall have made effective provision whereby the Advances shall be secured by such Lien equally and ratably with any and all obligations and Debt so secured so long as such
Liens, Etc.
 
Table of Contents
obligations and Debt are so secured; that nothing in this Section 6.02 shall be construed to prevent or restrict the following:
provided
(i)    Permitted Liens,
(ii)    purchase money Liens upon or in any real property or equipment acquired or held by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business to secure the purchase price of such property or equipment or to secure Debt incurred solely for the purpose of financing the acquisition of such property or equipment, or Liens existing on such property or equipment at the time of its acquisition or conditional sales or other similar title retention agreements with respect to property hereafter acquired or extensions, renewals or replacements of any of the foregoing for the same or a lesser amount, , , that no such Lien shall extend to or cover any properties of any character other than the real property or equipment being acquired and any improvements thereto or proceeds thereof, and no such extension, renewal or replacement shall extend to or cover any properties not theretofore subject to the Lien being extended, renewed or replaced,
provided
however
(iii)    the Liens existing on the Effective Date,
(iv)    Liens on property of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary of the Borrower or is merged into or consolidated with the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower; that (A) to the extent such Liens were created at a time when such Person was a Subsidiary or an Affiliate of the Borrower, such Liens attach solely to the properties or assets subject to such Liens immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or acquisition and (B) any such Liens that were created during the period immediately prior to such merger, consolidation or acquisition were not created in contemplation of the merger, consolidation or acquisition,
provided
(v)    Liens to secure Debt issued by the Borrower in connection with a consolidation or merger of the Borrower with or into any of its Affiliates in exchange for or otherwise in substitution for long-term senior secured Debt of such Affiliate (without increase in the amount or extension of the final maturity date of the Debt of such Affiliate),
(vi)    Liens on margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System),
(vii)    the replacement, extension or renewal of any Lien permitted by clauses (iii) and (iv) above upon or in the same property
 
Table of Contents
theretofore subject thereto or the replacement, extension or renewal (without increase in the amount) of the Debt secured thereby,
(viii)    Liens to secure intercompany Debt obligations among Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
(ix)    Additional Permitted Liens,
(x)    Liens arising from any receivables financing accounted for under GAAP as a sale by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to a Person other than the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, that (a) such financing shall be limited recourse or non-recourse to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries except to the extent customary for such transactions, and (b) such Liens do not encumber any assets other than the receivables being financed, the property securing or otherwise relating to such receivables, and the proceeds thereof, and
provided
(xi)    Liens, not otherwise subject to any of clauses (i) through (x) above, on assets, other than Intellectual Property, granted to secure Debt or other obligations in an aggregate principal amount that, together with any Covenant Debt of a Subsidiary of the Borrower outstanding pursuant to Section 6.02(d)(iii), shall not exceed the amount specified in Section 6.02(d)(iii).
(b)     The Borrower will not merge or consolidate with or into, and will not, and will not permit its Subsidiaries to, convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, any Person, except that (i) any Person may merge with or into the Borrower in a transaction in which the Borrower is the survivor; (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may dispose of assets to any other Subsidiary of the Borrower; (iii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may dispose of assets to the Borrower; (iv) the Borrower may merge into any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of effecting a change in its state of incorporation from Delaware to any other state in the United States if (A) such Subsidiary is incorporated in such other state solely for the purposes of such merger and, immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger, has positive stockholders' equity, (B) such merger would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (C) such Subsidiary agrees in writing to assume the obligations of the Borrower hereunder; (v) any Subsidiary or group of Subsidiaries of the Borrower may dispose of assets to Persons other than the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, so long as, after giving effect to such transaction, such Subsidiary or Subsidiaries, taken as a consolidated whole, has not disposed of, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, more than 10% of the Consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (vi) any Person may sell margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System).
Mergers, Etc.
 
Table of Contents
(c)    . The Borrower shall not permit the Capitalization Ratio to exceed 45%.
Financial Covenant
(d)    . The Borrower will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to incur or permit to remain outstanding any Covenant Debt other than (i) Debt of a Subsidiary outstanding on the Effective Date and refinancings, refundings, renewals or extensions thereof, (ii) Debt owed to the Borrower or another Subsidiary of the Borrower and (iii) Covenant Debt not referenced in clauses (i) and (ii) above in an aggregate outstanding principal amount that, together with any Debt or other obligations secured by Liens referred to in Section 6.02(a)(xi), shall not exceed the greater of (x) $1,500,000,000 and (y) 25% of Stockholders' Equity determined at such time.
Subsidiary Indebtedness
Section 7.01.        . If any of the following events ("") shall occur and be continuing with respect to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries:
Events of Default
Event of Default
(a)    The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Advance when the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Advance within three Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any fees payable hereunder within ten Business Days after the same become due and payable; or the Borrower shall fail to pay any other amount payable under this Agreement or any Note within ten Business Days after receipt by the Borrower of written demand therefor; or
(b)    Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower herein or by the Borrower (or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made or deemed made; or
(c)    (i) The Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01(c), (f), (g)(iii), (g)(iv), (g)(vi) or (h) or 6.02, (ii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.01(g) (other than clauses (iii), (iv) and (vi) thereof) if such failure shall remain unremedied for fifteen (15) Business Days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent or any Lender or (iii) the Borrower shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement on its part to be performed or observed if such failure shall remain unremedied for thirty (30) days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Agent or any Lender; or
 
Table of Contents
(d)    The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall fail to pay any principal of or premium or interest on any Debt that is outstanding in a principal or, in the case of Hedge Agreements, net amount, of at least $200,000,000 in the aggregate (but excluding Debt outstanding hereunder) of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (as the case may be) (the ""), when the same becomes due and payable (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure shall continue after the later of five (5) Business Days and the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt; or any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount shall be declared due and payable or any other breach or default with respect to any other material term shall occur or shall exist under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount and shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or instrument if the effect of such breach or default is to accelerate the maturity of such Debt; or any such Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount shall be required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased or defeased, in each case prior to the stated maturity thereof where the cause of such prepayment, redemption, purchase or defeasance is the occurrence of an event or condition that is premised on a material adverse deterioration of the financial condition, results of operations or properties of the Borrower or such Subsidiary; that with respect to Debt aggregating the Requisite Amount of the types described in clauses (h) or (i) of the definition of "Debt" and to the extent such Debt relates to the obligations of any Person other than a Subsidiary, no Event of Default shall occur so long as the payment of such Debt is being contested in good faith and by proper proceedings and as to which appropriate reserves are being maintained; or
Requisite Amount
provided
(e)    The Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall generally not pay its respective debts as such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or any proceeding shall be instituted by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) seeking to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking liquidation, winding up, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry of an order for relief or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for any substantial part of its property and, in the case of any such proceeding instituted against it (but not instituted by it), either such proceeding shall remain undismissed or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days, or any of the actions sought in such proceeding (including, without limitation, the entry of an order for relief against, or the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for, it or for any substantial part of its property) shall occur; or the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other than Immaterial Subsidiaries) shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the actions set forth in this subsection (e) under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or relief of debtors; or
(f)    Any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of $100,000,000 shall be rendered against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (other
 
Table of Contents
than Immaterial Subsidiaries) and such judgment shall remain undischarged, unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of thirty (30) days and enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order; , , that any such judgment or order shall not be an Event of Default under this Section 7.01(f) if and for so long as and to the extent that (i) the amount of such judgment or order is covered (subject to standard deductibles) by a valid and binding policy of insurance between the defendant and the insurer or insurers covering payment thereof, (ii) such insurer shall be rated, or, if more than one insurer, at least 90% of such insurers as measured by the amount of risk insured shall be rated, at least "A-" by A.M. Best Company or its successor or its successors and (iii) such insurer(s) has been notified of, and has not refused to defend the claim made for payment of, the amount of such judgment or order; or
provided
however
(g)    (i) Any Person or two or more Persons acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of Voting Stock of the Borrower (or other securities convertible into such Voting Stock) representing more than 50% of the combined voting power of all Voting Stock of the Borrower; or (ii) during any period of up to twenty-four (24) consecutive months, commencing after the date of this Agreement, individuals who at the beginning of such 24-month period were directors of the Borrower shall cease for any reason (other than solely as a result of (A) death or disability or (B) voluntary retirement or resignation of any individual in the ordinary course and not for reasons related to an actual or proposed change of control of the Borrower) to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors of the Borrower; or
(h)    The Borrower or its ERISA Affiliates shall incur, or shall be reasonably likely to incur, liability that would have a Material Adverse Effect as a result of one or more of the following: (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (ii) the partial or complete withdrawal of the Borrower or its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan; or (iii) the reorganization or termination of a Multiemployer Plan; or
(i)    This Agreement ceases to be in full force and effect or shall be declared null and void or the Borrower shall contest the validity or enforceability of this Agreement in writing or deny in writing that it has any further liability, including with respect to future Advances by Lenders, under this Agreement;
then, and in any such event, the Agent (i) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to the Borrower to be terminated, whereupon the same shall forthwith terminate, and (ii) shall at the request, or may with the consent, of the Required Lenders, by notice to the Borrower, declare all or a portion of the Advances, all interest thereon and all other amounts payable under this Agreement by the Borrower to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon such Advances, all such interest and all such other amounts shall become and be forthwith due and payable by the Borrower, without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; , , that in the event of an actual or deemed entry of an
provided
however
 
Table of Contents
order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, (A) the obligation of each Lender to make Advances to the Borrower shall automatically be terminated and (B) the Advances, all such interest and all such other amounts shall automatically become and be due and payable by the Borrower without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower.
Section 8.01.        . Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Wells Fargo as its agent hereunder and authorizes the Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Agent and the Lenders and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
Appointment and Authority
Section 8.02.        . The Person serving as the Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Agent and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders.
Rights as a Lender
Section 8.03.        . The Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby that the Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the relevant Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.01), that the Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Agent to liability or that is contrary to any applicable law, and (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the person serving as the Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The
Exculpatory Provisions
provided
 
Table of Contents
Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.01) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice thereof is given to the Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. The Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Agent.
Section 8.04.        . The Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, posting to an Internet or intranet website or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
Reliance by Agent
Section 8.05.        . The Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Agent. The Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Agent.
Delegation of Duties
Section 8.06.        . The Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in New York. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such
Resignation of Agent
 
Table of Contents
appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above, that if the Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no such successor is willing to accept such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and (2) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Agent's resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as Agent.
provided
Section 8.07.        . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, any Other Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Agent, any Other Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any Note or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. Neither the Agent nor any Other Agent shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender.
Non-Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders
Section 8.08.        . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Agent or the Other Agents shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Agent or a Lender hereunder. The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that (a) (i) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Agent, the Other Agents and the Lenders are arm's-length commercial transactions between the Borrower, on the one hand, and the Agent, the Other Agents and the Lenders, on the other hand, (ii) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate and (iii) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the documents related thereto, (b) (i) each of the Agent, the Other Agents and the Lenders is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower or any of its Affiliates or any other Person and (ii) none of the Agent, the Other Agents or the Lenders has any obligation to the
No Other Duties, etc
 
Table of Contents
Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other documents related hereto and (c) the Agent, the Other Agents and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and none of the Agent, the Other Agents or the Lenders has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against any of the Agent, the Other Agents or the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.
Section 9.01.         (a) No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any Notes, nor consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Borrower and the Required Lenders, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; , , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Lenders, do any of the following: (A) waive any of the conditions specified in Section 4.01, (B) change the percentage of the Commitments or of the Revolving Credit Exposures or the number of Lenders that shall be required for the Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder (except pursuant to Section 2.05), or (C) amend this Section 9.01; and (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Required Lenders and each Lender that has a Commitment or has or is owed obligations under this Agreement or the Notes that is or are modified by such amendment, waiver or consent, (A) increase the Commitment of such Lender or subject such Lender to any additional obligations (except pursuant to Section 2.05), (B) reduce the principal of, or interest on, the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (C) postpone any date fixed for any payment of interest on the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (D) extend the Termination Date or (E) amend or waive the application of Section 2.16.
Amendments, Etc.
provided
however
(b)    Each Lender grants (x) to the Agent the right to purchase all (but not less than all) of such Lender's Commitments and Advances owing to it and the Notes held by it and all of its rights and obligations hereunder, and (y) to the Borrower the right to cause an assignment of all (but not less than all) of such Lender's Commitments and Advances owing to it, its participations in the Notes held by it and all of its rights and obligations hereunder to Eligible Assignees, which right may be exercised by the Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be, if such Lender (a "") refuses to execute any amendment, waiver or consent which
Non-Consenting Lender
 
Table of Contents
requires the written consent of all or all affected Lenders under clause (i) or (ii) in paragraph (a) above or, alternatively, is unable to execute and/or deliver such amendment, waiver or consent which requires the written consent of all or all affected Lenders under clause (i) or (ii) in paragraph (a) above within the time period specified by the Agent, the Required Lenders and the Borrower and to which the Required Lenders and the Borrower have otherwise agreed; that such Non-Consenting Lender shall receive, in connection with such assignment, payment equal to the aggregate amount of outstanding Advances owed to such Lender (together with all accrued and unpaid interest, fees and other amounts owed to such Lender, including any amounts under Section 2.17). Each Lender agrees that if the Agent or the Borrower, as the case may be, exercises its option hereunder, it shall promptly execute and deliver all agreements and documentation reasonably necessary to effectuate such assignment, without recourse, as set forth in Section 9.07 at the Borrower's expense. If the Borrower has requested that a Lender execute such agreement or documentation and the Non-Consenting Lender does not comply with such request within two Business Days after such request, then the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such agreement and documentation on such Non-Consenting Lender's behalf and any such agreement and/or documentation so executed by the Borrower (in substantially the form of Exhibit C hereto) shall be effective for purposes of effectuating an assignment pursuant to Section 9.07; , all amounts due and owing to the Non-Consenting Lender have been paid and the Borrower shall not be permitted to add any obligations or liabilities to such Non-Consenting Lender.
provided
provided
Section 9.02.        . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier (or, as specifically provided in clause (ii) below, by e-mail) as follows: (i) if to the Borrower, to it at Oracle Corporation, 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood Shores, CA 94065, Attention of the Treasurer (Telecopier No. (xxx) xxx-xxxx; Telephone No. (xxx) xxx-xxxx), with a copy to the General Counsel at Oracle Corporation (Telecopier No. (xxx) xxx-xxxx; Telephone No. (xxx) xxx-xxxx); (ii) if to the Agent, to Wells Fargo at 550 California Street, 10th Floor, MAC: A0112-101, San Francisco, California 94104 (Telecopier No. (xxx) xxx-xxxx; Telephone No. (xxx) xxx-xxxx), with a copy to Syndications (Telecopier No. (xxx) xxx-xxxx; E-mail: xxxxxxxx @wellsfargo.com); and (iii) if to a Lender, to it at its address (or telecopier number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when receipt thereof is confirmed electronically (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).
Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Consent
 
Table of Contents
(b)    Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Agent, that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Section 2.02 if such Lender has notified the Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), that if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient, and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor. Electronic mail and Internet and intranet websites may be used by the Agent to distribute communications, such as financial statements and other information as provided in this Agreement, and to distribute documents for execution by the parties thereto, and the Agent shall not be responsible for any losses, costs, expenses and liabilities that may arise by reason of the use thereof, except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act in good faith upon any notices (including telephonic notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower.
provided
provided
provided
(c)    Any party hereto may change its address or telecopier number or email address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto.
Section 9.03.        . No failure on the part of any Lender or the Agent to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right hereunder or under any Note shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
No Waiver; Remedies
Section 9.04.        . (a) The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Agent (and reasonable, documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the
Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver
 
Table of Contents
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated) (subject, in the case of certain expenses in connection with the preparation, negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, to any limitation separately agreed in writing between the Borrower and the Agent) and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Agent or any Lender, including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of (x) one counsel for the Agent (and reasonable and documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent), (y) one counsel to the Lenders, taken as a whole, and (z) any local counsel required in any applicable jurisdiction, in each case in connection with the enforcement or protection of their respective rights in connection with this Agreement and the Notes, including their respective rights under this Section 9.04, or in connection with the Advances made, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Advances.
(b)    The Borrower shall indemnify the Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee (and reasonable fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of the Agent or any Lender), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Action related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by the Borrower, any of its shareholders or creditors, an Indemnitee or any other Person, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or to the extent that, in any action brought by the Borrower, the Borrower prevails. This Section 9.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, liabilites and related expenses arising from any non-Tax claim.
Indemnitee
provided
(c)    To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount required under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section 9.04 to be paid by it to the Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, but without relieving the Borrower of its obligation thereunder, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender's Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed
 
Table of Contents
expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Agent (or any such sub-agent) in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Agent (or any such sub-agent) in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this paragraph (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.02(h).
provided
(d)    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrower shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Advance or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in paragraph (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
(e)    All amounts due under this Section 9.04 shall be payable promptly after written demand therefor.
(f)    Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the Borrower hereunder, the agreements and obligations of the Borrower contained in Sections 2.11, 2.14, 2.17 and this Section 9.04 shall survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable hereunder and under the Notes.
Section 9.05.        . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and their respective Affiliates under this Section 9.05 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the Borrower and the Agent after any such setoff and application, that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
Right of Set-off
provided
Section 9.06.        . This Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Agent and when the Agent shall have received
Binding Effect
 
Table of Contents
counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
Section 9.07.        . (a) No Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an Eligible Assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07, (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07 or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (f) of this Section 9.07 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (d) of this Section 9.07 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
Assignments and Participations
(b)    Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it); that (i) except in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender's Commitment and the Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Lender, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Advances outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Advance of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Agent or, if "Trade Date" is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000,000 in excess thereof, unless each of the Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consent (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and such approval, in the case of the Borrower, to be deemed to have been given if a response is not received within ten Business Days from the date on which request for approval was received by the Borrower); (ii) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Advance or the Commitment assigned; (iii) any assignment must be approved with the prior written consent of (A) the Agent and (B) the Borrower (each such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed and such approval, in the case of the Borrower, to be deemed to have been given if a response is not received within ten Business Days from the date on which request for approval was received by the Borrower); that no consent of the Borrower or the Agent shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, in the case of the Borrower, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (iv) the parties to each assignment shall (1) electronically execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance via an electronic settlement system
provided
provided
 
Table of Contents
acceptable to the Agent or (2) manually execute and deliver to the Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of $3,500; that only one such fee shall be payable in connection with simultaneous assignments to or by two or more Approved Funds; and (v) the Eligible Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and if required, applicable tax forms.
provided
Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Agent pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section 9.07, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the Eligible Assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.11, 2.14, 2.17 and 9.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment.
(c)    The Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in New York a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Advances owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrower, the Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee's completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07 and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07, the Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph.
Register
(d)    Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person or the Borrower or any of the Borrower's Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a "") in all or a portion of such Lender's rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and/or Revolving Credit Exposure owing to it); that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other
Participant
provided
 
Table of Contents
parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to (A) reducing the principal of, or interest on, the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender, (B) postponing any date fixed for any payment of interest on the Advances made by such Lender or any fees or other amounts payable hereunder to such Lender that affects such Participant or (C) extending the Termination Date. Subject to paragraph (e) of this Section 9.07, the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of, and subject to the limitations of, Sections 2.11 and 2.14 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 9.07. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.05 as though it were a Lender, such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.16 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts of each Participant's interest in the Advances or other obligations under this Agreement (the ""); that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any Commitments, Advances or its other obligations under this Agreement) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Advance or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive, and such Lender, the Borrower and the Agent shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register pursuant to the terms hereof as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.
provided
provided
Participant Register
provided
(e)    A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.11 and 2.14 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower's prior written consent. No Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.14 unless such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 2.14(e) as though it were a Lender.
(f)    Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or other central banking authority; that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or
provided
 
Table of Contents
substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender that is a Fund may create a security interest in all or any portion of the Advances owing to it and the Notes, if any, held by it to the trustee for holders of obligations owed, or securities issued, by such Fund as security for such obligations or securities, that unless and until such trustee actually becomes a Lender in compliance with the other provisions of this Section 9.07, (i) no such pledge shall release the pledging Lender from any of its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) such trustee shall not be entitled to exercise any of the rights of a Lender under this Agreement and the Notes even though such trustee may have acquired ownership rights with respect to the pledged interest through foreclosure or otherwise.
provided
(g)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a "") may grant to a special purpose funding vehicle (a ""), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to the Agent and the Borrower, the option to provide to the Borrower all or any part of any Advance that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Advance and (ii) if an SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of such Advance, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such Advance pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of an Advance by an SPC hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Advance were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby agrees that no SPC shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial paper or other senior indebtedness of any SPC, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPC any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State thereof. In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 9.07, any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, the Borrower and the Agent and without paying any processing fee therefore, assign all or a portion of its interests in any Advances to the Granting Lender or to any financial institutions (consented to by the Borrower and Agent) providing liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to support the funding or maintenance of Advances and (ii) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Advances to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC. This Section 9.07 may not be amended without the written consent of each SPC that holds any Advances at the time of the proposed amendment.
Granting Lender
SPC
provided
that
(h)    Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of each Lender and the Agent.
 
Table of Contents
Section 9.08.        . This Agreement and the Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
Governing Law
Section 9.09.        . (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Agent constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement or any document or instrument delivered in connection herewith by telecopy or other electronic means, including by email with a .pdf or or .tif copy thereof attached, shall be effective as delivery of an original executed counterpart of this Agreement or such other document or instrument, as applicable.
Counterparts; Integration; Electronic Execution
(b)    The words "execution," "signed," "signature," and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act.
Section 9.10.         (a) The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York City in the Borough of Manhattan and of the United States District Court sitting in New York City in the Borough of Manhattan, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or the Notes or in any shall affect any right that the Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Notes against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.
Jurisdiction, Etc.
(b)    The Borrower irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Notes in any court referred to in paragraph (a) of this Section 9.10. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by
 
Table of Contents
applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.
(c)    Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.02. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.
Section 9.11.        . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE NOTES BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
Waiver of Jury Trial
Section 9.12.        . Each of the Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to it, its Affiliates' and their respective partners, directors, officers, employees, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under the Notes or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or the Notes or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 9.12, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction or to any credit insurance provider relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 9.12 or (y) becomes available to the Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower.
Confidentiality
 
Table of Contents
For purposes of this Section 9.12, "" means all information received from (or on behalf of) the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries relating to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Agent or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower, that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 9.12 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
Information
provided
Section 9.13.        . Each Lender and the Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. The Borrower shall provide, to the extent commercially reasonable, such information and take such actions as are reasonably requested by the Agent or any Lenders in order to assist the Agent and the Lenders in maintaining compliance with the Patriot Act.
Patriot Act Notice
Section 9.14.        . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to any Person hereunder or under the Notes shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the "") other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the ""), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Person of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, such Person may in accordance with its normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Person from the Borrower in the Agreement Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Person against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to such Person in such currency, such Person agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).
Judgment Currency
Judgment Currency
Agreement Currency
 
Table of Contents
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.
 
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT A
FORM OF PROMISSORY NOTE
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, ORACLE CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY (the "") for the account of its Applicable Lending Office on the Termination Date the aggregate principal amount of the Advances made by the Lender to the Borrower outstanding on the Termination Date pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 (as amended or modified from time to time, the ""; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined) among the Borrower and the Lender and certain other lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agents, Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as documentation agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (""), as Agent.
Borrower
                            
Lender
Credit Agreement
Wells Fargo
The Borrower promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Advance from the date of such Advance until such principal amount is paid in full, at such interest rates, and payable at such times, as are specified in the Credit Agreement.
Both principal and interest are payable in Dollars or the relevant Alternate Currency to Wells Fargo, as the Agent, at its Applicable Lending Office, in same day funds. Each Advance owing to the Lender by the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement, and all payments made on account of principal thereof, shall be recorded by the Lender and, prior to any transfer hereof, endorsed on the grid attached hereto which is part of this Promissory Note; that the failure by the Lender to make any such recordation or endorsement or any error in making the same shall not affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Promissory Note.
provided
This Promissory Note is one of the Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, among other things, (i) provides for the making of Advances by the Lender to the Borrower from time to time, the indebtedness of the Borrower resulting from each such Advance being evidenced by this Promissory Note, and (ii) contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions therein specified.
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT B
FORM OF NOTICE OF BORROWING
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Agent for the Lenders
party to the Credit Agreement
referred to below
Attention:
                    
Ladies and Gentlemen:
The undersigned, Oracle Corporation, refers to the Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2013 (as amended or modified from time to time, the ""; the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined), among the undersigned, certain Lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agents, Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as documentation agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent, and hereby gives you notice, irrevocably, pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Credit Agreement, that the undersigned hereby requests a Borrowing under the Credit Agreement, and in that connection sets forth below the information relating to such Borrowing (the "") as required by Section 2.02(a) of the Credit Agreement:
Credit Agreement
Proposed Borrowing
(i)    The Business Day of the Proposed Borrowing is , .
                    
    
(ii)    The Type of Advances comprising the Proposed Borrowing is [Base Rate Advances] [Eurocurrency Rate Advances].
(iii)    The currency of the Proposed Borrowing is [Dollars][Yen][Euros][Pounds Sterling].
(iv)    The aggregate amount of the Proposed Borrowing is [].
                    
(v)    [Insert remittance instructions]
[(vi)    The initial Interest Period for each Eurocurrency Rate Advance made as part of the Proposed Borrowing is [days] [month[s]].]
The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof and will be true on the date of the Proposed Borrowing:
 
Table of Contents
(A)    the representations and warranties contained in Section 5.01 of the Credit Agreement made by the undersigned (other than the representations and warranties contained in clauses (f)(i) and (g) of Section 5.01) are true and correct in all material respects before and after giving effect to the Proposed Borrowing and to the application of the proceeds therefrom, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation or warranty relates to a specific earlier date in which case it was true as of such earlier date); and
(B)    no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such Proposed Borrowing or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, that constitutes a Default or Event of Default.
 
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT C
FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE
This Assignment and Acceptance (the "") is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between [] (the "") and [] (the ""). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended or modified from time to time, the ""), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Acceptance as if set forth herein in full.
Assignment and Acceptance
Insert name of Assignor
Assignor
Insert name of Assignee
Assignee
Credit Agreement
For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor's rights and obligations in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the commitment identified below and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the ""). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, without representation or warranty by the Assignor.
Assigned Interest
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
4.        Administrative Agent: Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement (in such capacity, the "")
Agent
5.        Credit Agreement:    The Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 among Oracle Corporation, as Borrower, the Lenders parties thereto, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agents, Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as documentation agents, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent.
6.        Assigned Interest:
 
[7.        Trade Date: ]
                        
4
Effective Date: , 20 [TO BE INSERTED BY THE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]
                        
    
      
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
The terms set forth in this Assignment and Acceptance are hereby agreed to:
 
[Consented to and]
5
Accepted:
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as
 
 
 
Table of Contents
ANNEX 1 to Assignment and Acceptance
1.        Representations and Warranties.
1.1     . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement.
Assignor
1.2.        . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all requirements of an Eligible Assignee under the Credit Agreement (subject to receipt of such consents as may be required under the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Lender thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(g) thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Agent or any other Lender, and (v) attached to the Assignment and Acceptance is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement is required to be performed by it as a Lender.
Assignee
2.        . From and after the Effective Date, the Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective Date.
Payments
3.        . This Assignment and Acceptance shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
General Provisions
 
Table of Contents
This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Assignment and Acceptance by telecopy shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance. This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT D-1
FORM OF OPINION OF IN-HOUSE COUNSEL FOR THE BORROWER
The Agent and the Lenders
Referred to Below
c/o Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Agent
550 California Street, 10
th
Floor, MAC: A0112-101
San Francisco, California 94104
Ladies and Gentlemen:
I am to Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), and have acted as internal counsel to the Borrower in connection with the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 (the "") among the Borrower, the Lenders named therein, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, the Documentation Agents named therein, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners. This opinion is being delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(e)(iv)(i) of the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings herein ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement.
                                
Borrower
Credit Agreement
I, or an attorney on my staff, have reviewed executed copies of:
a.    the Credit Agreement; and
b.    any Notes to be delivered on the Effective Date (the "").
Notes
In addition, I, or an attorney on my staff, have examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to my satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records, certificates of public officials and other instruments, and have conducted such other investigations of fact and law, as I have deemed necessary or advisable for purposes of this opinion.
Upon the basis of the foregoing and subject to the limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions set forth herein, I am of the opinion that:
1.        The Borrower is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
2.        The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement and the Notes are within the Borrower's corporate powers, have been duly authorized
 
Table of Contents
by all necessary corporate action, and do not contravene (a) the Certificate of Incorporation or the By-laws of the Borrower (as each has been amended to the date hereof) or (b) any contractual or legal restriction contained in any agreement or instrument (i) listed on attached hereto and (ii) the contravention of which, singly or collectively, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The Credit Agreement and the Notes delivered on the date hereof have been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Borrower.
Exhibit A
3.        To my knowledge, there are no pending or overtly threatened actions or proceedings against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or arbitrator in the United States that purport to affect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of the Credit Agreement or any of the Notes or the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, or that are likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; , , that no opinion is given as to whether any of the actions or proceedings specifically disclosed in the Borrower's 1934 Act filings may have a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of the opinion in this paragraph 3, I have not searched the records of any court, governmental agency or arbitration panel or organization.
provided
however
The foregoing opinions are subject to the following limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions:
As to various provisions in the Credit Agreement and the Notes that grant the Agent or the Lenders certain rights to make determinations or take actions in their discretion, I assume that such discretion will be exercised in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
I express no opinion as to the effect (if any) of any law of any jurisdiction (except the State of New York) in which any Lender is located that may limit the rate of interest that such Lender may charge or collect.
I express no opinion as to the effect of fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or similar provisions of applicable law on the conclusions expressed above.
I am a member of the bar of the State of New York and the foregoing opinions are limited to the laws of the State of New York, the federal laws of the United States of America and, with respect to paragraphs 1 and 2(a) above only, the Delaware General Corporation Law. I express no opinion as to any matter relating to patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by any other person without our prior written consent.
Very truly yours,
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT A to Form of Opinion of In-House Counsel
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT D-2
FORM OF OPINION OF DAVIS POLK & WARDWELL LLP
April 22, 2013
The Administrative Agent and the Lenders
Referred to Below
c/o Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
as Administrative Agent
550 California Street, 10th Floor, MAC: A0112-101
San Francisco, California 94104
Ladies and Gentlemen:
We have acted as special New York counsel to Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Borrower"), in connection with the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 (the "Credit Agreement") among the Borrower, the lenders listed on the signature pages thereof (the "Lenders"), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (the "Administrative Agent"), Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as syndication agents, Citibank, N.A., Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, as documentation agents, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners. This opinion is being delivered pursuant to Section 4.01(e)(iv)(ii) of the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings herein ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement.
We have reviewed executed copies of the Credit Agreement and any Notes to be delivered on the Effective Date (the "Notes"). We have also examined originals or copies, certified or otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate records and certificates of public officials and officers of the Borrower and have conducted such other investigations of fact and law as we have deemed necessary or advisable for purposes of this opinion. In rendering the opinions expressed herein, we have, without independent inquiry or investigation, assumed that (i) all documents submitted to us as originals are authentic and complete, (ii) all documents submitted to us as copies conform to authentic, complete originals, (iii) all signatures on all documents that we reviewed are genuine, (iv) all natural persons executing documents had and have the legal capacity to do so, (v) all statements in certificates of public officials and officers of the Borrower that we reviewed were and are accurate and (vi) all representations made by the Borrower as to matters of fact in the documents that we reviewed were and are accurate. Upon the basis of the foregoing and subject to the additional limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions set forth herein, we are of the opinion that:
 
 
Table of Contents
 
 
The foregoing opinions are subject to the following limitations, qualifications, exceptions and assumptions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents
 
We are members of the bar of the State of New York and the foregoing opinions are limited to the laws of the State of New York, the federal laws of the United States of America and, with respect to paragraph 1 above only, the Delaware General Corporation Law, except that we express no opinion as to any law, rule or regulation that is applicable to the Borrower, the Credit Agreement, the Notes or the transactions contemplated thereby solely because such law, rule or regulation is part of a regulatory regime applicable to any party to the Credit Agreement or the Notes or any of its affiliates due to the specific assets or business of such party or such affiliate.
This opinion is rendered solely to you in connection with the above matter. This opinion may not be relied upon by you for any other purpose or relied upon by or delivered to any other person without our prior written consent, except that this opinion may be furnished without our prior consent (1) to accountants and counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender that is an addressee hereof, (2) to bank and insurance company examiners and (3) pursuant to judicial or government order or legal requirements.
Very truly yours,
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT E
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT F-1
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender from time to time party thereto (the ""), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the ""), and the other agents party thereto.
Credit Agreement
Borrower
Lenders
Agent
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.14(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the Advance(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Advance(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
The undersigned has furnished the Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
Date: , 20[__]
                
    
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT F-2
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender from time to time party thereto (the ""), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the ""), and the other agents party thereto.
Credit Agreement
Borrower
Lenders
Agent
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.14(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
Date: , 20[__]
                
    
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT F-3
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender from time to time party thereto (the ""), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the ""), and the other agents party thereto.
Credit Agreement
Borrower
Lenders
Agent
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.14(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
The undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner's/member's beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
Date: , 20[__]
            
    
 
Table of Contents
EXHIBIT F-4
Reference is hereby made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 22, 2013 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ""), among Oracle Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender from time to time party thereto (the ""), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (in such capacity, the ""), and the other agents party thereto.
Credit Agreement
Borrower
Lenders
Agent
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.14(e) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record owner of the Advance(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Advance(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Advance(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Advance(s)), (iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
The undersigned has furnished the Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner's/member's beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Agent with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement.
 
Date: , 20[__]
            
    
 


</DOCUMENT>
