<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20060927160759.txt.gz
TIME:20060927160759
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 27, 2006, the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan of SAIC, Inc. (the Company) and the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of the Company were approved by the stockholders of Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC).
The 2006 Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of stock options (including incentive stock options, as defined in section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, and nonstatutory stock options), restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock, stock appreciation rights, performance shares and other similar types of awards (including other awards under which recipients are not required to pay any purchase or exercise price, such as phantom stock rights), as well as cash awards. The Company stock subject to the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan will either be class A preferred stock or common stock as determined by the committee of the board of directors administering the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan. The 2006 Equity Incentive Plan will become effective on the effective date of the merger described below in Item 8.01. The foregoing description of the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Report on Form 8-K.
The 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan provides our employees (and the employees of any of our majority-owned subsidiaries designated by our board of directors) with an opportunity to purchase our class A preferred stock (or common stock as determined by the compensation committee of our board of directors) through accumulated payroll deductions at a discounted purchase price. The 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan will become effective on the date which the first offering period commences as determined by the compensation committee, subject to the closing of the merger described below in Item 8.01. The foregoing description of the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Report on Form 8-K.
 
On September 1, 2005, the Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAIC, filed a registration statement on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for an initial public offering of common stock. In addition, the Company filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 containing a proxy statement/prospectus that was delivered to SAIC's stockholders for a special meeting to vote on, among other things, a merger agreement pursuant to which SAIC would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the merger). In the merger, each share of SAIC's class A common stock will be converted into the right to receive two shares of class A preferred stock of the Company, and subject to the exercise of appraisal rights, each share of SAIC's class B common stock will be converted into the right to receive 40 shares of class A preferred stock of the Company. If the merger is completed, the common stock of the Company will have the same economic rights as the class A preferred stock but will be entitled to one vote per share while the class A preferred stock will be entitled to 10 votes per share. After the merger, the Company intends to offer its shares of common stock to the public.
A special meeting of stockholders of SAIC to be held on August 29, 2006 was adjourned and reconvened on September 27, 2006. At the reconvened special meeting on September 27, 2006, the SAIC stockholders approved the following proposals:
 
 
On September 27, 2006, SAIC issued a press release announcing stockholder approval of the merger and related proposals at the reconvened special meeting. A copy of the release is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA) September 27, 2006  Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) announced today that the proposed merger agreement and two new stock-based compensation plans were approved at a special meeting of its stockholders.
"We are pleased that our stockholders have overwhelmingly voted to support the merger and related transactions," said Ken C. Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "This approval by our stockholders will now permit us to pursue the other parts of the contemplated capital restructuring."
Under the terms of the merger agreement, SAIC would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of a newly-formed company, SAIC, Inc., and the SAIC stockholders will be entitled to receive shares of class A preferred stock of SAIC, Inc. for their shares of common stock of SAIC. The merger agreement was adopted and approved by holders of more than 86 percent of the voting power of the shares represented in person or by proxy at the meeting.
SAIC's stockholders also approved the proposed 2006 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, which provides for the grant of options and other types of awards, as well as cash awards, was approved by more than 87 percent of the voting power of the shares represented in person or by proxy at the meeting. The 2006 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which would allow eligible employees to purchase shares of class A preferred stock or common
 
stock of SAIC, Inc. at a discount through payroll deductions, was approved by more than 91 percent of the voting power represented in person or by proxy at the meeting. The effectiveness of both these plans is conditioned on the completion of the merger transaction.
SAIC is the largest employee-owned research and engineering company in the United States, with more than 43,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2006, the company reported annual revenues of $7.8 billion. SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical problems in national security, homeland security, energy, the environment, space, telecommunications, health care, and logistics. SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Statements in this announcement constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding the proposed merger and the related stock-based compensation plans. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2006, and such other filings that the Company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20061013061217.txt.gz
TIME:20061013061217
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 12, 2006, SAIC, Inc. (SAIC) issued a press release announcing that it has priced its initial public offering of 75,000,000 shares of common stock at $15.00 per share. In addition, the underwriters were granted the right to purchase up to an additional 11,250,000 shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. SAIC's common stock will trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "SAI."
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. are serving as joint book-running managers for the initial public offering. The offering is expected to close on or about October 17, 2006, and is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
The Board of Directors of Science Applications International Corporation declared a special cash dividend, conditioned on closing of the initial public offering, of $15.00 per share of its class A common stock and $300.00 per share of its class B common stock, or an aggregate amount of approximately $2.45 billion, payable to its stockholders of record as of October 12, 2006.
Prior to the closing of the initial public offering, Science Applications International Corporation will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAIC pursuant to a reorganization merger, and the stockholders of Science Applications International Corporation will be entitled to receive shares of class A preferred stock of SAIC for their shares of common stock of Science Applications International Corporation.
A copy of the release is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA) October 12, 2006 - SAIC, Inc. (SAIC) announced today that it has priced its initial public offering of 75,000,000 shares of common stock at $15.00 per share. In addition, the underwriters were granted the right to purchase up to an additional 11,250,000 shares of common stock to cover over-allotments, if any. SAIC's common stock will trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "SAI."
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated and Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. are serving as joint book-running managers for the initial public offering. The offering is expected to close on or about October 17, 2006, and is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
The Board of Directors of Science Applications International Corporation declared a special cash dividend, conditioned on closing of the initial public offering, of $15.00 per share of its class A common stock and $300.00 per share of its class B common stock, or an aggregate amount of approximately $2.45 billion, payable to its stockholders of record as of October 12, 2006. SAIC will not pay this special dividend on shares sold in its public offering.
Prior to the closing of the initial public offering, Science Applications International Corporation will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAIC pursuant to a reorganization merger, and the stockholders of Science Applications International Corporation will be entitled to receive shares of class A preferred stock of SAIC for their shares of common stock of Science Applications International Corporation.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities, in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
A copy of the prospectus for this offering may be obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, 180 Varick Street, New York, New York 10014, Attention: Prospectus Department, by calling 866-718-1649 or by e-mailing prospectus@morganstanley.com or from Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc., 383 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10179, Attention: Prospectus Department, by calling 631-254-7129.
About SAIC, Inc.
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 43,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $7.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2006.
Statements in this announcement other than historical data and information constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be very different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's final prospectus relating to the offering, and such other filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20061017164440.txt.gz
TIME:20061017164440
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
On October 16, 2006, in connection with the transactions described below under , Old SAIC and New SAIC (each as defined in Item 2.01) entered into a certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement pursuant to which New SAIC agreed to assume and perform certain obligations of Old SAIC with respect to (i) those certain Indemnification Agreements entered into between Old SAIC and its directors and executive officers beginning November 21, 2005 and (ii) those certain Severance Protection Agreements entered into between Old SAIC and its directors and executive officers beginning September 1, 2005.
Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
The description set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Assignment and Assumption Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K ("Current Report"), the terms of which are incorporated into this Current Report by reference.
Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
On October 16, 2006, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the "Merger Agreement"), as amended and restated July 24, 2006, by and among Science Applications International Corporation ("Old SAIC"), SAIC, Inc., a newly-formed Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Old SAIC ("New SAIC") and SAIC Merger Sub, Inc., a newly-formed Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of New SAIC ("SAIC Merger Sub"), SAIC Merger Sub merged with and into Old SAIC (the "Reorganization Merger"). As a result of the Reorganization Merger, Old SAIC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of New SAIC.
Pursuant to the Reorganization Merger, each share of outstanding class A common stock of Old SAIC ("Old SAIC Class A Common Stock") was converted into the right to receive two shares of class A preferred stock of New SAIC ("New SAIC Class A Preferred Stock") and each share of Old SAIC class B common stock ("Old SAIC Class B Common Stock") was converted, subject to the exercise of appraisal rights, into the right to receive 40 shares of New SAIC Class A Preferred Stock. The Old SAIC Class A Common Stock and the Old SAIC Class B Common Stock are sometimes collectively referred to as the "Old SAIC Common Stock."
The issuance of the New SAIC Class A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Reorganization Merger was registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant to New SAIC's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-128022) (the "S-4 Registration Statement") filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on September 1, 2005 and declared effective on July 26, 2006. The definitive proxy statement/prospectus of New SAIC dated August 1, 2006 that forms a part of the S-4 Registration Statement (the "Proxy Statement/Prospectus") contains additional information about the Reorganization Merger, including information concerning the interests of directors and executive officers of Old SAIC and New SAIC in the Reorganization Merger. Pursuant to Rule 12g-3(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), the New SAIC Class A Preferred Stock is deemed to be registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, effective October 16, 2006.
New SAIC also filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-128021) (the "S-1 Registration Statement") with the SEC on September 1, 2005 with respect to shares of common stock of New SAIC ("New SAIC Common Stock"), which was declared effective on October 12, 2006 and includes the final prospectus of New SAIC dated October 12, 2006 that forms a part of the S-1 Registration Statement (the "Final Prospectus"). The New SAIC Common Stock was registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act on October 12, 2006 and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on October 13, 2006 under the symbol "SAI." Old SAIC intends to file a report on Form 15 with the SEC to terminate the registration under the Exchange Act of the Old SAIC Common Stock.
The description of the New SAIC Common Stock and New SAIC Class A Preferred Stock contained under the caption "Description of Capital Stock" in the Final Prospectus is incorporated herein by reference.
The description of the Reorganization Merger set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Agreement and Plan of Merger filed as Exhibit 2.1 to New SAIC's Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the S-4 Registration Statement filed with the SEC on July 25, 2006, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.
Item 2.03 Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant.
On October 13, 2006, prior to and in connection with the transactions described above under , New SAIC executed the following agreements:
Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
Credit Facility Guaranty
New SAIC executed a guaranty (the "Guaranty") in favor of Citicorp USA, Inc., in its capacity as administrative agent, and other lenders, pursuant to which New SAIC agreed to guaranty the obligations of Old SAIC under that certain Five Year Credit Agreement, dated June 6, 2006, as amended (the "Credit Facility"). The Credit Facility provides for borrowings by Old SAIC of up to $750 million through 2011. As of July 31, 2006, no loans were outstanding under the Credit Facility, although Old SAIC's borrowing capacity was reduced by approximately $93 million to secure outstanding standby letters of credit.
The terms and conditions of the Credit Facility are more fully described under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Outstanding Indebtedness" in the Final Prospectus and are incorporated in this Current Report by reference. In addition, the description set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of (i) the Guaranty filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this Current Report, (ii) the Credit Facility filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Old SAIC's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2006 and (iii) the amendment to the Credit Facility filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Old SAIC's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2006, the terms of all of which are incorporated into this Current Report by reference.
Supplemental Indenture (1997)
New SAIC entered into a supplemental indenture (the "First Supplemental Indenture (1997)") by and among Old SAIC, New SAIC and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. ("The Bank of New York"), as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase f/k/a The Chase Manhattan Bank. Pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture (1997), New SAIC agreed to guarantee the obligations of Old SAIC under that certain Indenture dated as of December 9, 1997 (the "1997 Indenture") with respect to approximately $94 million outstanding under Old SAIC's 6.75% notes due 2008.
The terms and conditions of the First Supplemental Indenture (1997) are more fully described under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Outstanding Indebtedness" in the Final Prospectus and are incorporated into this Current Report by reference. In addition, the description set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of (i) the First Supplemental Indenture (1997) filed as Exhibit 4.1 to this Current Report and (ii) the 1997 Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Old SAIC's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-371777) filed with the SEC on November 19, 1997, the terms of all of which are incorporated into this Current Report by reference.
Supplemental Indenture (2002)
New SAIC entered into a supplemental indenture (the "First Supplemental Indenture (2002)") by and among Old SAIC, New SAIC and The Bank of New York, as successor trustee to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Pursuant to the First Supplemental Indenture (2002), New SAIC agreed to guarantee the obligations of Old SAIC under that certain Indenture dated as of June 28, 2002 (the "2002 Indenture"), regarding approximately $549 million outstanding under Old SAIC's 6.25% notes due 2012, approximately $248 million outstanding under Old SAIC's 7.125% notes due 2032 and approximately $296 million outstanding under Old SAIC's 5.5 % notes due 2033.
The terms and conditions of the First Supplemental Indenture (2002) are more fully described under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Outstanding Indebtedness" in the Final Prospectus and are incorporated into this Current Report by reference. In addition, the description set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of (i) the First Supplemental Indenture (2002) filed as Exhibit 4.2 to this Current Report and (ii) the 2002 Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Old SAIC's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 3, 2002, the terms of all of which are incorporated into this Current Report by reference.
Item 3.03 Material Modification to the Rights of Security Holders
The disclosure set forth under in this Current Report, regarding the execution of the First Supplemental Indenture (1997) and the First Supplemental Indenture (2002) (each as defined in Item 2.03), is incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference.
Item 2.03, Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant,
In addition, the disclosure set forth under in this Current Report, regarding New SAIC's Restated Certificate and Restated Bylaws (each as defined in Item 5.03), is incorporated into this Item 3.03 by reference
Item 5.03, Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year,
.
Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
Prior to and in connection with the closing of the transactions described under in this Current Report, New SAIC amended and restated its certificate of incorporation and bylaws in their entirety. New SAIC restated its certificate of incorporation (the "Restated Certificate") on October 5, 2006, prior to the consummation of the Reorganization Merger and the registration under the Exchange Act of the New SAIC Common Stock and New SAIC Class A Preferred Stock. New SAIC restated its bylaws (the "Restated Bylaws") on October 16, 2006 in connection with the completion of the Reorganization Merger.
Item 2.01, Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets,
A description of each of the Restated Certificate and the Restated Bylaws is set forth under the caption "Description of Capital Stock" in the Final Prospectus and is incorporated into this Current Report by reference. In addition, the description set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Restated Certificate and Restated Bylaws filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 to this Current Report, respectively, the terms of all of which are incorporated into this Current Report by reference.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies as follows:
 
1. The name of the Corporation is SAIC, Inc.
 
2. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 12, 2005.
 
3. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation restates and amends the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation as heretofore amended and supplemented.
 
4. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted by the Corporation's Board of Directors and stockholders in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "").
DGCL
 
5. The text of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:
 
 The name of the Corporation is SAIC, Inc.
FIRST: NAME.
 
 The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of its registered agent at that address is The Corporation Trust Company.
SECOND: ADDRESS.
 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.
THIRD: PURPOSE.
 
FOURTH: CAPITALIZATION
 
 
The Corporation is authorized to issue three classes of capital stock to be designated, respectively, "," "" and "." The total number of shares of capital stock of all classes which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 3,510,000,000 shares, each with a par value of $0.0001 per share, of which:
Common Stock
Class A Preferred Stock
Preferred Stock
 
(1) 2,000,000,000 shares shall be Common Stock;
 
(2) 1,500,000,000 shares shall be Class A Preferred Stock, of which (a) 100,000,000 shares shall be designated Series A-1 Preferred Stock (the ""), (b) 100,000,000 shares shall be designated Series A-2 Preferred Stock (the ""), (c) 150,000,000 shares shall be designated Series A-3 Preferred Stock (the ""), and (d) 1,150,000,000 shares shall be designated Series A-4 Preferred Stock (the ""); and
Series A-1 Preferred Stock
Series A-2 Preferred Stock
Series A-3 Preferred Stock
Series A-4 Preferred Stock
 
(3) 10,000,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock.
 
The number of authorized shares of any class or classes of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class A Preferred Stock of the Corporation, voting as a single class, irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL or any corresponding provision hereinafter enacted.
 
 
 The powers, preferences and rights of the Common Stock and the Class A Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, shall be in all respects identical, except as otherwise required by law or expressly provided in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The Common
(1)
 General.
 
Stock and the Class A Preferred Stock shall be subject to the express terms of the Preferred Stock and any series thereof that may come into existence from time to time. The powers, preferences and rights of the Series A-1 Preferred Stock, the Series A-2 Preferred Stock, the Series A-3 Preferred Stock and the Series A-4 Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, shall be in all respects identical, except as otherwise required by law or expressly provided in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
 
 In all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation, each holder of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of Common Stock standing in such holder's name on the stock transfer records of the Corporation; and each holder of Class A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to ten votes, in person or by proxy, for each share of Class A Preferred Stock standing in such holder's name on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. Unless otherwise required under applicable law (except as provided in Section (A)) or this Restated Certificate of Incorporation and subject to any rights that may be conferred upon the holders of any series of Preferred Stock that may come into existence from time to time, the holders of Common Stock and Class A Preferred Stock shall vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation.
(2)
 Voting
.
 
 Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may come into existence from time to time, and subject to Section (B)(7)(g), the holders of Common Stock and the holders of Class A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to share equally, on a per share basis, in such dividends and other distributions of cash, property or shares of the Corporation as may be declared thereon by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor; that in the event such dividend is paid in the form of shares of the Corporation's capital stock or rights to acquire shares of the Corporation's capital stock, the holders of Common Stock shall receive Common Stock or rights to acquire Common Stock, as the case may be, and the holders of Class A Preferred Stock shall receive Class A Preferred Stock or rights to acquire Class A Preferred Stock, as the case may be.
(3)
 Dividends and Other Distributions
.
provided, however,
 
 If the Corporation shall in any manner split, subdivide or combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock, the outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock shall be proportionately split, subdivided or combined in the same manner and on the same basis; and if the Corporation shall in any manner split, subdivide or combine the outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock, the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be proportionately split, subdivided or combined in the same manner and on the same basis.
(4)
 Subdivisions or Combinations.
 
 In the event of any merger or consolidation to which the Corporation is a party (whether or not the Corporation is the surviving entity), the holders of Common Stock and Class A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on a per share basis, the same amount and form of stock and other securities and property (including cash).
(5)
 Mergers or Consolidations
.
 
 Subject to the rights of any series of Preferred Stock that may come into existence from time to time, in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the holders of Common Stock and the holders of Class A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to share equally, on a per share basis, in all assets of the Corporation of whatever kind available for distribution to the holders of the Corporation's capital stock.
(6)
 Liquidation.
 
(7)
 Conversion and Transfer Restrictions of the Class A Preferred Stock
 
(a) Each record holder of shares of Class A Preferred Stock may convert any or all of those shares into an equal number of shares of Common Stock; that: (A) no share of Series A-1 Preferred Stock may be converted into a share of Common Stock prior to 90 days after the public offering date; (B) no share of Series A-2 Preferred Stock may be converted into a share of Common Stock prior to 180 days after the public offering date; (C) no share of Series A-3 Preferred Stock may be converted into a share of Common Stock prior to 270 days after the public offering date; and (D) no share of Series A-4 Preferred Stock may be converted into a share of Common Stock prior to 360 days after the public offering date. Shares of Common Stock may not be converted into shares of Class A Preferred Stock.
provided, however,
 
(b) A record holder of shares of Class A Preferred Stock may effect a voluntary conversion of any or all of those shares in accordance with Section (B)(7)(a) by surrendering the certificates, if any, for the number of shares to be converted, accompanied by any required tax transfer stamps, and delivering a written notice by the record holder to the Corporation stating that such record holder desires to convert such shares into the same number of shares of Common Stock and requesting that the Corporation issue such shares of Common Stock to persons named therein, setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to each such person and the denominations in which the certificates therefor, if any, are to be issued. To the extent permitted by law, such a voluntary conversion shall be deemed to have been effected at the close of business on the date of surrender of certificates, if any, or the date of receipt by the Corporation of the notice of conversion, if the shares to be converted are uncertificated.
 
(c) Shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock may not be transferred to anyone other than a permitted transferee prior to 90 days after the public offering date. Shares of Series A-2 Preferred Stock may not be transferred to anyone other than a permitted transferee prior to 180 days after the public offering date. Shares of Series A-3 Preferred Stock may not be transferred to anyone other than a permitted transferee prior to 270 days after the public offering date. Shares of Series A-4 Preferred Stock may not be transferred to anyone other than a permitted transferee prior to 360 days after the public offering date. Except as provided in this Section (B)(7)(c), any purported transfer of shares of Class A Preferred Stock prior to the applicable date referred to in this Section (B)(7)(c) shall be void. Shares of Class A Preferred Stock may be transferred to a permitted transferee prior to the applicable date referred to in this Section (B)(7)(c), and such permitted transferee will take such shares subject to the provisions of this Section (B)(7)(c). In addition to any vote required by law or this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, voting as a single class, shall be required in order to reduce, at any time within 360 days after the public offering date, the time periods in this Section (B)(7)(c) during which the Class A Preferred Stock cannot be transferred to anyone other than a permitted transferee.
 
(d) After the applicable time period in Section (B)(7)(c) has expired, each share of Class A Preferred Stock shall automatically convert into one share of Common Stock upon the transfer of that share if, after the transfer, the share is not owned by a permitted transferee. In addition, notwithstanding any other provision of this Section (B)(7), each share of Class A Preferred Stock shall be transferable and shall automatically convert into one share of Common Stock at the time of transfer of that share in the following circumstances:
 
(A) a transfer by a qualified retirement plan described in Section 401(a) of the Code sponsored by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (i) to the Corporation; (ii) to a distributee of any such plan pursuant to the terms of the plan; or (iii) pursuant to instructions of a participant in any such plan to sell or exchange Class A Preferred Stock pursuant to the terms of the plan;
 
(B) a transfer upon the exercise by a distributee of any such plan of any put right under the terms of the plan requiring the Corporation to purchase the share from the distributee; or
 
(C) a transfer by such a plan, upon the exercise by a participant or beneficiary of the plan of a right of diversification accorded to the participant or beneficiary by (i) the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as the same may be amended or may be interpreted or implemented from time to time by the U.S. Department of Labor, the U.S. Department of the Treasury or any other federal department or agency or (ii) the Board of Directors in its sole and absolute discretion.
 
For purposes of the foregoing sentence, any transfer shall be deemed to be a transfer of Common Stock. In the case of any such automatic conversion, stock certificates, if any, formerly representing each such share of Class A Preferred Stock shall thereupon and, except for a transfer to the Corporation where the shares are being retired, thereafter be deemed to represent such number of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Class A Preferred Stock could be converted pursuant to the terms hereof, such shares of Class A Preferred Stock so converted shall no longer be deemed to be outstanding, and all rights of a holder with respect to such shares shall immediately terminate, except any rights under Section (B)(7)(g).
 
(e) Shares of Class A Preferred Stock shall be transferred on the books of the Corporation, and a new certificate therefor, if any, issued, upon presentation at the office of the Secretary of the Corporation (or at such additional place or places as may from time to time be designated by the Secretary of the Corporation) of the certificate, if any, for the shares, in proper form for transfer and accompanied by all requisite stock transfer tax stamps, and such documentation as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation, including documentation showing compliance with this Article Fourth.
 
(f) Any person (other than a permitted transferee) who takes shares of Class A Preferred Stock in a transfer otherwise permitted by Section (B)(7) may treat the endorsement on the certificate, if any, representing such shares, or the instrument accompanying the transfer of such shares, as authorizing such person on behalf of the transferor to convert the shares in the manner provided in Section (B)(7)(a) for the purpose of registering the transfer to such person of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion, and to give on behalf of the transferor the written notice of conversion required by Section (B)(7)(b), and may convert such shares of Class A Preferred Stock accordingly.
 
(g) Upon any conversion of shares of Class A Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of this Section (B)(7), any dividend, for which the record date is prior to and the payment date is subsequent to the conversion, that has been declared on the shares of Class A Preferred Stock so converted shall be deemed to have been declared, and shall be payable, with respect to the shares of Common Stock into or for which the shares of Class A Preferred Stock are so converted, that any such dividend, for which the record date is prior to and the payment date is subsequent to the conversion, that is declared on the shares of Class A Preferred Stock payable in shares of Class A Preferred Stock shall be deemed to have been declared, and shall be payable, in shares of Common Stock.
provided
 
(h) Any shares of Class A Preferred Stock that have been converted to shares of Common Stock will be retired with no further action by the Corporation, and will resume the status of authorized and unissued Class A Preferred Stock.
 
(i) The Corporation at all times shall reserve and keep available, out of its authorized but unissued Common Stock, at least the number of shares of Common Stock that would become issuable upon the conversion of all shares of Class A Preferred Stock then outstanding.
 
(j) Every certificate for shares of Class A Preferred Stock shall bear a legend on its face reading as follows:
 
"The shares of Class A Preferred Stock represented by this certificate may not be transferred (which term includes, without limitation, buying a put option, selling a call option or entering into any other hedging or insurance transaction relating to the shares) to any person in connection with a transfer that does not meet the qualifications set forth in Section (B)(7) of Article Fourth of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, and no person who receives the shares represented by this certificate in connection with a transfer that does not meet the qualifications prescribed by Section (B)(7) of Article Fourth is entitled to own or to be registered as the record holder of the shares of Class A Preferred Stock represented by this certificate, but the record holder of this certificate may at any time (except as provided in Section (B)(7)(a) of Article Fourth) convert the shares of Class A Preferred Stock represented by this certificate into the same number of shares of Common Stock for purposes of effecting the sale or other disposition of the shares of Class A Preferred Stock to any person. Each holder of this certificate, by accepting the certificate, accepts and agrees to all of the foregoing."
 
In the case of uncertificated shares, an appropriate notice containing the applicable transfer restrictions shall be sent to the registered owner thereof.
 
 For purposes of this Article Fourth, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
(8)
 Definitions.
 
(a) "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
 
(b) "" means a pension plan within the meaning of Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and a nonqualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Section 409A(d)(1) of the Code.
Employee benefit plan
 
(c) "" means a person's spouse, parents, children, siblings, mothers and fathers-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, brothers and sisters-in-law and anyone (other than domestic employees) who shares such person's home.
Immediate family member
 
(d) "" means an account as defined in Section 408(a) of the Code.
Individual retirement account
 
(e) "" means:
Permitted transferee
 
(i) an immediate family member of the transferor;
 
(ii) a trust for the sole benefit of the transferor or an immediate family member of the transferor, and the transferor or any immediate family member of the transferor who receives shares of Class A Preferred Stock from any such trust;
 
(iii) an individual retirement account that receives shares of Class A Preferred Stock, provided that (A) the transferor is an employee benefit plan sponsored by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, (B) the transferor is a distributee of an employee benefit plan described in subclause (A), or (C) the transferor is an individual retirement account for the benefit of a distributee described in subclause (B);
 
(iv) the beneficial owner of an individual retirement account, provided that the transferor is such individual retirement account;
 
(v) the estate of a deceased holder of shares, provided that such transfer was pursuant to the deceased holder's will or the laws of distribution;
 
(vi) the beneficiary of an estate referred to in clause (v) above, provided that the transferor is such estate and such beneficiary is the immediate family member of the deceased or a trust for the sole benefit of such immediate family member;
 
(vii) an employee benefit plan sponsored by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
 
(viii) a lending institution in connection with a pledge of shares and such shares are pledged as bona fide collateral for a loan to the transferor;
 
(ix) the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries;
 
(x) any distributee of an employee benefit plan sponsored by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of such plan, provided that the transferor is such employee benefit plan; and
 
(xi) an employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, provided that the transferor is the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.
 
(f) "" means the date the Corporation's Common Stock commences trading on a national securities exchange.
Public offering date
 
(g) "" (and the related term "") means any sale, pledge, gift, assignment or other transfer (including by merger, testamentary disposition, interspousal disposition pursuant to a domestic relations proceeding or otherwise or otherwise by operation of law) of any ownership or voting interest in any share of Class A Preferred Stock, including:
Transfer
transferred
 
(i) any offer, pledge, sale, contract to sell, sale of any option or contract to purchase, purchase of any option or contract to sell, grant of any option, right or warrant to purchase, loan or other direct or indirect transfer or disposal of: (A) any shares of Class A Preferred Stock; (B) any
 
securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for Class A Preferred Stock; or (C) any shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Class A Preferred Stock are convertible; or
 
(ii) entry into any swap or other arrangement (including by way of insurance) that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any shares of Class A Preferred Stock or any shares of Common Stock into which the shares of Class A Preferred Stock are convertible;
 
regardless of whether any transaction described in clause (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of Class A Preferred Stock, Common Stock or other securities, in cash or otherwise; that an original issuance of shares of capital stock by the Corporation or the transfer of shares of capital stock from the Corporation's treasury shall not be considered a transfer for purposes of this Article Fourth.
provided, however,
 
(h) "" means a corporation or other entity of which securities or other interests representing at least fifty percent of the voting power in the election of directors are held by the Corporation or its subsidiaries.
Subsidiary
 
 
The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock, in one or more series, and to fix for each such series the number of shares thereof and such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such distinctive designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such series and as may be permitted by the DGCL, including, without limitation, the authority to provide that any such series may be (a) subject to redemption at such time or times and at such price or prices; (b) entitled to receive dividends (which may be cumulative or non-cumulative) at such rates, on such conditions, and at such times, and payable in preference to, or in such relation to, the dividends payable on any other class or classes or any other series; (c) entitled to such rights upon the dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation; or (d) convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes of stock, or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock, of the Corporation at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such adjustments; all as may be stated in such resolution or resolutions.
 
 Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall otherwise provide.
FIFTH: BALLOT.
 
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind the Bylaws of the Corporation. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
SIXTH: BYLAWS.
 
SEVENTH: THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
 
 The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be not less than ten (10) and not more than eighteen (18), and the exact number shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. The Board shall be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III. Such classes shall be as nearly equal in number of directors as possible. Each such director shall serve for a term ending on the third annual meeting following the annual meeting at which such director was elected; provided, however, that the directors first elected to Class I shall serve for a term ending on the annual meeting next following the public offering date (used herein as defined for purposes of Article FOURTH), the directors first elected to Class II shall serve for a term ending on the second annual meeting next following the public offering date, and the directors first elected to Class III shall serve for a term ending on the third
(A) .
Number of Directors and Classes of Directors
 
annual meeting next following the public offering date. The foregoing notwithstanding, each director shall serve until his or her successor shall have been duly elected and qualified, unless he or she shall resign, become disqualified, disabled or shall otherwise be removed.
 
At each annual election, the directors chosen to succeed those whose terms then expire shall be of the same class as the directors they succeed, unless, by reason of any intervening changes in the authorized number of directors, the Board shall designate one or more directorships whose term then expires as directorships of another class in order more nearly to achieve equality of number of directors among the classes.
 
Notwithstanding the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of directors as possible, in the event of any change in the authorized number of directors each director then continuing to serve as such shall nevertheless continue as a director of the class of which he or she is a member until the expiration of his current term, or his or her prior death, resignation or removal. If any newly created directorship may, consistently with the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of directors as possible, be allocated to one of two or more classes, the Board shall allocate it to that of the available classes whose term of office is due to expire at the earliest date following such allocation.
 
 Unless otherwise restricted by applicable law, any director or the entire Board may be removed, but only for cause, by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
(B) .
Removal
 
 At any election of directors of the Corporation, a holder of any class or series of stock then entitled to vote in such election shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this Section (C) as to cumulative voting) such holder would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to such holder's shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected in the election in which such holder's class or series of shares is entitled to vote, and such holder may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or for any two or more of them as such holder may see fit.
(C) .
Cumulative Voting
 
 Any vacancy in the Board of Directors, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until such director shall resign or shall have been removed.
(D) .
Vacancies
 
EIGHTH: MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS.
 
 No action shall be taken by the stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and no action may be effected by any consent in writing in lieu of a meeting of stockholders.
(A) .
No Action by Written Consent
 
 Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board of Directors, or by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, or by a committee of the Board of Directors which has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, include the power to call such meetings, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that, if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the DGCL (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
(B) .
Special Meetings
 
 The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and
NINTH: AMENDMENT.
 
all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions set forth in Articles FIFTH, SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH and this Article NINTH may not be repealed or amended in any respect unless such repeal or amendment is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
 
TENTH: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
 
(A) For the purposes of this Article TENTH:
 
(1) The term "" shall mean any individual, firm, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, corporation or other entity.
person
 
(2) The term "" shall mean any corporation more than fifty percent (50%) of any class of equity security of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation.
Subsidiary
 
(3) The term "" shall mean assets having a fair market value or book value, whichever is greater, equal to more than ten percent of the fair market value or book value, whichever is greater, of the total assets of a person as of the end of its most recent fiscal year ending prior to the time the determination is made.
Substantial Part of the Assets
 
(4) A person shall be a "" of any shares of voting stock of the Corporation (a) which such person or any of its "" or "" (as defined on the date of the adoption hereof in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the )) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, (b) which such person or any of its "" or "" has, directly or indirectly, (i) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (ii) the right to vote or direct the voting of pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, that a person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security by reason of such agreement, arrangement or understanding if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report), or (c) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other person with which such person or any of its "" or "" has any such agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of such voting stock.
Beneficial Owner
affiliates
associates
"Exchange Act"
affiliates
associates
provided, however,
affiliates
associates
 
(5) The term "" shall mean any person (except any profit-sharing, employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any Subsidiary or any trustee of or fiduciary with respect to any such plan when acting in such capacity) which is the Beneficial Owner (as herein defined) of five percent (5%) or more of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Related Person
 
(6) For the purposes of determining whether a person is a Related Person, the number of shares of voting stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include all shares deemed owned by such person through application of Section (A)(4), but shall not include any other shares of voting stock which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise.
 
(7) The term "" shall mean (a) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or a Subsidiary with or into a Related Person, (b) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or other disposition (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of all or any Substantial Part of the Assets (as herein defined) of a Related Person to the Corporation or to a Subsidiary, (c) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or other disposition (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of all or any Substantial Part of the Assets of the Corporation (including without limitation any
Business Combination
 
securities of a Subsidiary) to a Related Person, (d) the issuance of any securities of the Corporation or a Subsidiary to a Related Person, (e) the acquisition by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of any securities of a Related Person, (f) any reclassification of the securities (including any reverse stock split) or recapitalization of the Corporation, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any Subsidiary or any other transaction (whether or not with or into or otherwise involving a Related Person) which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate amount of the outstanding shares of any class of equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities of the Corporation or any Subsidiary which is directly or indirectly owned by a Related Person, (g) any loan or other extension of credit by the Corporation or a Subsidiary to a Related Person or any guarantee by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of any loan or other extension of credit by any person to a Related Person, (h) the adoption of any plan or proposal for the dissolution, liquidation or termination of the Corporation or any Subsidiary proposed by or on behalf of a Related Person and (i) any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing for any of the foregoing Business Combination transactions.
 
(8) The term "" shall mean any member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation who is unaffiliated with the Related Person and was a member of the Board prior to the time that the Related Person became a Related Person, and any successor of a Continuing Director who is unaffiliated with the Related Person and is recommended or elected to succeed a Continuing Director by a majority of Continuing Directors, provided that such recommendation or election shall only be effective if made at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum is present.
Continuing Director
 
(9) The term "" shall mean a majority of the Continuing Directors capable of exercising the powers conferred upon them under the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation or by law.
Continuing Director Quorum
 
(B) The approval or authorization of any Business Combination (as herein defined) of the Corporation with any Related Person (as herein defined) shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) at least 80% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation and (ii) a majority of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation other than shares of voting stock of which such Related Person is the Beneficial Owner (as herein defined). Such affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact that no vote may be required, or that the affirmative vote of a lesser percentage of stockholders may be specified, by law or otherwise.
 
(C) The provisions of this Article TENTH shall not be applicable to any particular Business Combination, and such Business Combination shall require only such affirmative vote, if any, as may be required by law or otherwise, if:
 
(1) The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall by resolution have approved or ratified a memorandum of understanding approving such Business Combination with such Related Person prior to the time such Related Person became the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of five percent (5%) or more of the voting shares of the Corporation; or
 
(2) The Business Combination shall have been approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors (as herein defined) at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum (as herein defined) is present; or
 
(3) The Business Combination involves solely the Corporation and a Subsidiary (as herein defined) in which a Related Person has no direct or indirect interest (other than an interest arising solely because of control of the Corporation); provided, that if the Corporation is not the surviving corporation, (a) each stockholder of the Corporation receives the same type of consideration in such transaction in proportion to such stockholder's stockholdings, (b) the provisions of Articles SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH, NINTH, TENTH and ELEVENTH of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation are continued in effect or adopted by such surviving corporation as part of its articles of incorporation or certificate of incorporation, as the case may be, and such articles or certificate have no provisions inconsistent with such provisions, and (c) the provisions of the Corporation's Bylaws are continued in effect or adopted by such surviving corporation.
 
(D) Nothing contained in this Article TENTH shall be construed to relieve any Related Person of any fiduciary obligation imposed upon it by law.
 
(E) A majority of the Continuing Directors shall have the power and duty to determine, on the basis of information then known to them, whether (a) any person is a Related Person, (b) any Business Combination relates to a Substantial Part of the Assets of any person and (c) any director is a Continuing Director acting at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum is or was present. Any such determination by a majority of the Continuing Directors shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes of this Article TENTH.
 
(F) The stockholders of the Corporation shall be entitled to statutory appraisal rights to the maximum extent permissible under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, notwithstanding any exception otherwise provided therein, with respect to any Business Combination with a Related Person requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of outstanding stock of the Corporation having at least 80% of the voting power of the Corporation unless such vote is not required pursuant to Section C.
 
(G) No Business Combination subject to the provisions of Section B of this Article TENTH shall, unless such Business Combination shall be the subject of one of the exceptions provided for in Sections C(1), (2) or (3), be consummated, and the Corporation shall not enter into any such Business Combination, unless the agreement relating to such Business Combination shall provide that each stockholder of the Corporation who has voted against the Business Combination shall receive, at the time of the consummation of such Business Combination and in exchange for such stockholder's shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, at the option of such stockholder, either (i) the consideration offered by the Related Persons as part of the Business Combination, or (ii) consideration per share of capital stock of the Corporation held by such stockholder (either in cash or in the same form and of the same kind as the consideration paid by the Related Person in acquiring shares of capital stock of the Corporation, at the option of such stockholder) in an amount not less than the greater of the following:
 
(1) The highest per share price (including brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid by such Related Person in acquiring any of the capital stock of the Corporation, or
 
(2) A price bearing the same percentage relationship to the market price of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the announcement of the Business Combination as the highest price per share (including brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) of the capital stock of the Corporation previously paid by such Related Person for shares of capital stock of the Corporation bears to the market price of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the time such Related Person initially acquired any shares of capital stock of the Corporation notwithstanding that such person was not a Related Person at the time of such initial acquisition.
 
(H) Notice of any proposed alteration, amendment, rescission or repeal of this Article TENTH shall be included in the notice of any annual or special meeting of stockholders at which such proposal is to be considered.
 
(I) The provisions set forth in this Article TENTH may not be amended, altered, changed or repealed nor may any provision inconsistent with such provisions be added to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation except upon the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) at least eighty percent (80%) of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation and (ii) a majority of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation other than shares of voting stock which are Beneficially Owned by a Related Person which has directly or indirectly proposed such amendment, alteration, change or repeal; , that any or all of such provisions may be amended, altered, changed or repealed, and any such new provisions may be added, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding voting securities of the Corporation, if such amendment, change, alteration or repeal or additional provision shall first have been approved and recommended by a
provided, however
 
resolution adopted by a majority vote of the Continuing Directors at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum was present.
 
ELEVENTH: INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
 
 
 The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and elected and appointed officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or administrators) in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
(1) 
Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
 
 The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by past or present directors and officers of the Corporation in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; , that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by such persons to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article ELEVENTH or otherwise.
(2)
 Advancement of Expenses.
provided, however
 
 The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation who are not directors or officers similar to those conferred in this Section (A) to directors and officers of the Corporation.
(3)
 Indemnification of Employees and Agents.
 
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section (A) shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any statute, agreement, insurance policy, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
 
 No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (1) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL or (4) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
(B) .
Limitation on Liability
 
 Any repeal or modification of Section (A) shall not adversely affect any rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses of a director or officer of the Corporation existing pursuant to Section (A) with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification. Any repeal or modification of Sections (A) or (B) shall not have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
(C) .
Repeal or Modification of Rights
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SAIC, Inc. has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed in its corporate name by its Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary as of this 5
th
day of October, 2006.
 
 

Exhibit 3.2
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.01 The registered office of SAIC, Inc. (the "Corporation") in the State of Delaware shall be at 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof shall be The Corporation Trust Company.
Registered Office.
 
Section 1.02 The principal office for the transaction of the business of the Corporation shall be at 10260 Campus Point Drive, San Diego, California 92121. The Board of Directors (the "Board") is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal office from one location to another.
Principal Office.
 
Section 1.03 The Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.
Other Offices.
 
 
Section 2.01 An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.
Annual Meetings.
 
Section 2.02 Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board, or by a committee of the Board which has been duly designated by the Board and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board or in the Bylaws, include the power to call such meetings, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law") (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
Special Meetings.
 
Section 2.03 All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may from time to time be designated by the person or persons calling the respective meeting and specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof.
Time and Place of Meetings.
 
Section 2.04
Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice.
 
(a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given to stockholders of the Corporation, as required by applicable law, which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Notice may be given by such delivery means (mail, telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law and shall be delivered to the stockholder's address as it appears on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. Unless otherwise required by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise expressly required by Delaware Law, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
 
(b) Any waiver of any such notice given by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and such person objects at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.
 
Section 2.05 Except as provided by Delaware Law, the holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment thereof. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat or, in the absence therefrom of all the stockholders, any officer entitled to preside at, or to act as a secretary of, such meeting may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
Quorum.
 
Section 2.06
Voting.
 
(a) At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder shall be entitled to vote, in person or by proxy, each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by such stockholder and registered in such stockholder's name on the books of the Corporation:
 
(i) on the date fixed pursuant to Section 6.05 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, or
 
(ii) if no such record date shall have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given or (b) if notice of the meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting shall be held.
 
(b) Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors in such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes.
 
(c) Any such voting rights may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his or her proxy delivered to the secretary of the meeting; , that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer period. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, Delaware Law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, shall be decided by the vote of a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or unless so directed by the chairman of the meeting. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his or her proxy, if there be such proxy, and it shall state the number of shares voted.
provided, however
 
Section 2.07 To be properly brought before the meeting, business must be either (a) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board, (b) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board, or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.07, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.07 In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not
Business at Annual Meeting (other than the Election of Directors).
 
earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. A stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting: (a) a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and the text of the business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), (b) the name and record address of the stockholder proposing such business and any other stockholders of the Corporation known to such stockholder to be in favor of such business, (c) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such stockholder on the date of such notice, (d) any material interest of such stockholder in such business, (e) whether the proponent intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such business, and (f) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business.
 
The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 2.07 shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his or her intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and such stockholder's proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this section 2.07, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
 
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.07; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting.
 
The chairman of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.07 and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
 
Section 2.08 The Secretary of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, as required by applicable law. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
List of Stockholders.
 
Section 2.09 Prior to each meeting of the stockholders, one or more inspectors shall be appointed by the Board, or, if no such appointment shall have been made, such inspectors shall be appointed by the chairman of the meeting, to act thereat. Each inspector so appointed shall first subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of an inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. Such inspector(s) shall take charge of the ballots at such meeting, count the ballots cast on any
Inspectors.
 
question and deliver a written report of the results thereof to the secretary of such meeting. The inspector(s) need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Any officer of the Corporation may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against his or her election to any position with the Corporation or on any other question in which he or she may be directly interested other than as a stockholder.
 
Section 2.10 The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations adopted by the Board, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; and (c) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.
Regulations for Conduct of Stockholders Meeting.
 
 
Section 3.01 The property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by Delaware Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders of the Corporation.
General Powers.
 
Section 3.02 The exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits specified in the Certificate of Incorporation, by resolution of the Board.
Number.
 
Section 3.03
Election of Directors.
 
(a) The directors shall be elected annually by the stockholders of the Corporation and the persons receiving the greatest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, shall be the persons then elected. The election of directors is subject to any provisions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation relating thereto, including any provisions for a classified board and for cumulative voting.
Voting.
 
(b) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a meeting of stockholders by or at the direction of the Board, by any Nominating Committee or person appointed by the Board, or by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 3.03(b), who is entitled to vote for the election of directors at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.03(b). Such nominations, other than those made by or at the direction of the Board, shall be made pursuant to timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. Such stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth (i) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director: (A) the name, age, business address and residence address of the person, (B) the principal occupation or employment of the person, (C) the class and number
Nomination of Directors.
 
of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by the person, (D) any other information relating to the person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations for proxies for election of directors pursuant to Rule 14A under the Exchange Act, and (E) such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected, and (ii) as to the stockholder giving the notice: (A) the name and record address of such stockholder, (B) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such stockholder, (C) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such nomination, and (D) a representation whether such stockholder intends or is part of a group which intends to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such nomination. The foregoing notice requirements of this Section 3.03(b) shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his or her intention to present a nomination at an annual meeting in compliance with applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and such stockholder's nomination has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation. No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein.
 
Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 3.03(b) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.
 
The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure and, if the chairman should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(b), unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 3.03(b), to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
 
Section 3.04 Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice or notice by electronic transmission to the Board or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
 
Section 3.05 Unless otherwise restricted by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board may be removed, but only for cause, by the holders of two-thirds of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Removal.
 
Section 3.06 Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy in the Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until such director shall resign or shall have been removed.
Vacancies.
 
Section 3.07 The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after each annual election of directors and notice of such first meeting shall not be required.
First Meeting.
 
Section 3.08 Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such times as the Board shall from time to time by resolution determine. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the next succeeding business day not a legal holiday. Except as provided by applicable law, notice of regular meetings need not be given.
Regular Meetings.
 
Section 3.09 Special meetings of the Board may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, by the Chief Executive Officer or by the Secretary upon the written request of any two (2) directors. Such meetings shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place or places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting may designate.
Special Meetings.
 
Section 3.10 The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any of these Bylaws. Any such committee shall keep written minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board at the next regular meeting of the Board. Any Board committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of such committee, and delegate to the subcommittee any or all of the powers of the committee.
Committees.
 
Section 3.11 Notice of all special meetings of the Board or a committee shall be mailed to each director, addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business, at least five (5) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be personally delivered or otherwise given by such delivery means (telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law, at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held. Such notice may be waived by any director and any meeting shall be a legal meeting without notice having been given if all the directors shall be present thereat or if those not present shall, either before or after the meeting, waive notice of or consent to (in writing or by electronic transmission) such meeting or shall after the meeting sign the approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or be made a part of the minutes of the meeting.
Notice of Meetings.
 
Section 3.12 The Board (or committee of the Board) may hold any of its meetings at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board (or the committee) may from time to time by resolution designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons calling the meeting or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such meeting. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board or a committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Place of Meeting, Etc.
 
Section 3.13 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by Delaware Law, the presence of a majority of the total number of directors shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board and the presence of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on a committee of the Board shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee, and all matters shall be decided at any such meeting, a quorum being present, by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors present. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority of directors present may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.
Quorum and Manner of Acting.
 
Section 3.14 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, as the case may be, and such written consent or electronic transmission is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
Action by Consent.
 
Section 3.15 The directors shall receive such compensation for their services as directors, and such additional compensation for their services as members of any committees of the Board, as may be authorized by the Board.
Compensation.
 
Section 3.16 The Board may elect or appoint, from among its members, a Chairman of the Board and one or more Vice Chairs of the Board, who shall not be considered by virtue of holding such position officers of the Corporation. The Chairman of the Board, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, all duties incident to the office of Chairman of the Board and such other duties as the Board may assign to the Chairman of the Board from time to time.
Officers of the Board.
 
 
Section 4.01 The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, one or more Presidents of various ranks, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Controller and a Treasurer, all of whom shall serve under the direction and subject to the control of the Board.
Principal Officers.
 
Section 4.02 Except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with Section 4.03 or 4.06, the officers of the Corporation, shall be elected annually (or at such other intervals as the Board may determine) by the Board. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service.
Election.
 
Section 4.03 In addition to the principal officers designated in Section 4.01, the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time appoint such other officers and agents as each of them may deem necessary or advisable, including one or more Vice Presidents of various rank, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and an Assistant Controller, each of which officers and agents shall be subject to the control of the Board and have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board, Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service. The Board may also delegate to any other principal officer or committee established by the Board the power to appoint any such additional officers and agents.
Additional Officers and Agents.
 
Section 4.04 All officers and agents of the Corporation, elected or appointed by the Board, may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by (a) resolution adopted by the Board or (b) if the officer or agent shall have been appointed by a committee of the Board or another officer duly authorized by the Board or these Bylaws, by such appointing committee or officer.
Removal.
 
Section 4.05 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
 
Section 4.06 A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or other cause, may be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.
Vacancies.
 
Section 4.07 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board to the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, if such officer is appointed, shall, subject to the control of the Board, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the
Chief Executive Officer.
 
Corporation. In the event of the death, disability or other absence of the Chairman of the Board, the duties of the Chairman of the Board may be performed by the Chief Executive Officer, including presiding at any meeting of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers or agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Vice Presidents of various rank or other officers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officers.
 
Section 4.08 Individuals appointed to the office of President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as the Board or Chief Executive Officer may assign to such President from time to time. The President may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers of agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. Individuals appointed to the office of President Federal Business, President of another organizational unit of the Corporation or Group President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President of the Corporation and shall have such other duties as the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation may assign to such officers from time to time.
President(s).
 
Section 4.09 Each Vice President of the Corporation shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or President, such duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other office or officers may assign to such Vice President from time to time. Vice Presidents of the Corporation may be further designated as Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents or such other similar title as the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other officer or officers may designate.
Vice Presidents.
 
Section 4.10 The Secretary of the Corporation or his or her designee shall attend all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board and committees established by the Board and shall record correctly the proceedings of such meetings in a book suitable for such purposes. The Secretary shall attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all stock certificates issued by the Corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept a stock ledger in which all transactions pertaining to shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation shall be correctly recorded. The Secretary shall also attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all deeds, conveyances or other instruments requiring the seal of the Corporation. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and special meetings of the Board or committees established by the Board. The Secretary is authorized to issue certificates, to which the corporate seal may be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of officers of the Corporation or to actions duly taken by the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board or any committee established by the Board. The Secretary shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Secretary from time to time. The duties of the Secretary may also be performed by any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Secretary.
 
Section 4.11 The Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation in general shall supervise all of the financial affairs of the Corporation, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Chief Financial Officer from time to time.
Chief Financial Officer.
 
Section 4.12 The Treasurer of the Corporation shall have the care and custody of all the funds, notes, bonds, debentures, stock and other securities of the Corporation that may come into the hands of the Treasurer, acting in such capacity. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the investment and reinvestment of funds of the Corporation in accordance with general investment policies determined from time to time by the Corporation and shall ensure that the Corporation is adequately funded at all times by arranging, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer, for the issuance of debt, equity and other forms of securities that may be necessary or appropriate. The Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) checks, drafts, notes, bonds, debentures and other instruments for the payment of money for deposit or collection when necessary or appropriate and may deposit the same to the credit of the Corporation in such banks or depositories as the Board may designate from time to time, and the Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) all commercial documents requiring endorsements for or on behalf of the Corporation. The Treasurer may deliver instructions to financial institutions by facsimile or otherwise. The Treasurer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) all receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall render an account of the Treasurer's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Treasurer shall enter regularly in the books to be kept by the Treasurer for that purpose, a full and adequate account of all monies received and paid by the Treasurer on account of the Corporation. If requested by the Board, the Treasurer shall give a bond to the Corporation for the faithful performance of the Treasurer's duties, the expenses of which bond shall be borne by the Corporation. The Treasurer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer may assign to the Treasurer from time to time. The duties of the Treasurer may be performed by any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Treasurer.
 
Section 4.13 The Controller of the Corporation shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation, shall maintain adequate records of all assets, liabilities and transactions of the Corporation and shall be responsible for the design, installation and maintenance of accounting and cost control systems and procedures throughout the Corporation. The Controller also shall keep in books belonging to the Corporation full and accurate accounts of receipts of, and disbursements made by, the Corporation. The Controller shall render an account of the Controller's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Controller shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Controller and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, may assign to the Controller from time to time. The duties of the Controller may also be performed by any Assistant Controller of the Corporation. The Controller shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Controllers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Controller.
 
 
Section 5.01 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Board may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and unless so authorized by the Board or by these Bylaws, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or in any amount.
Execution of Contracts.
 
Section 5.02 All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney shall give such bond, if any, as the Board may require.
Checks, Drafts, Etc.
 
Section 5.03 All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may select, or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of collection for the account of the Corporation, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any President, the Treasurer or any Vice President who has been authorized by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer to do so (or any other officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation who shall from time to time be determined by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the Corporation.
Deposits.
 
Section 5.04 The Board (or a committee of the Board to which such power is delegated) may from time to time authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts with such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board (or committee) may select or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws, as it may deem expedient.
General Special Bank Accounts.
 
 
Section 6.01
Certificates Representing Stock.
 
(a) Certificates (if any) representing shares of stock or any bond, debenture or other corporate securities of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, and shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Any of or all of the signatures on the certificates may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, any such certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature shall have been placed thereupon, were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
Form and Execution of Certificates.
 
(b) If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of Delaware Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.
Special Designation on Certificates.
 
(c) Except as provided in this Section 6.01(c), no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and canceled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed certificate, or the owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate; provided, however, that a new certificate or uncertificated share may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, or the Secretary of the Corporation, it is proper so to do.
Lost Certificates.
 
Section 6.02 Subject to any conditions imposed by Delaware Law, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof any written notice prescribed by Delaware Law.
Uncertificated Shares.
 
Section 6.03 Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registrations of transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by the attorney of the registered holder thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent, if any, and with respect to shares represented by certificates, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed, and with respect to uncertificated shares, upon the execution by the transferor and transferee of all transfer documents in such form as the Corporation shall reasonably require, and, with respect to all shares, upon the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation. Whenever any shares are pledged for collateral security such fact shall be reflected on the books of the Corporation.
Transfers of Stock.
 
Section 6.04 The Board may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them.
Regulations.
 
Section 6.05 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If in any case involving the determination of stockholders for any purpose other than notice of or voting at a meeting of stockholders, the Board shall not fix such a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for such purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board shall adopt the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.
 
 
Section 7.01 The Board shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation and words and figures showing that the Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and the year of incorporation.
Seal.
 
Section 7.02 Whenever notice is required to be given by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or Delaware Law, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice (in writing or by electronic transmission), either before or after the time stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to notice.
Waiver of Notices.
 
Section 7.03 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of February in each year.
Fiscal Year.
 
Section 7.04 These Bylaws, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws may be made by the Board, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then in office as directors, acting at any meeting of the Board. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Amendments.
 
Section 7.05 The Corporation engages in the practice of engineering in various jurisdictions which regulate such practice, including the State of Washington. In order to comply with the laws of such jurisdictions, including the State of Washington, all engineering decisions pertaining to any project or engineering activities in any such jurisdiction shall be made by a designated engineer licensed to practice in such jurisdiction who shall be appointed by the Board from time to time as vacancies occur.
Designation of Engineer.
 

Exhibit 4.1
FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this "Supplemental Indenture"), dated as of October 13, 2006, among Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A, as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank f/k/a The Chase Manhattan Bank (the "Trustee"), and SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Guarantor").
WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the "Indenture"), dated as of December 9, 1997, providing for the issuance of the Company's debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (the "Securities");
WHEREAS, the Company has previously issued pursuant to the Indenture $100 million aggregate principal amount of the Company's 6 
 3
/
4
% Notes due 2008;
WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that the Company, when authorized by a resolution of its Board of Directors, may make such provisions in regard to matters or questions arising under the Indenture without the consent of the holders of the Securities, provided such provisions do not adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Securities in any material respect in the opinion of the Board of Directors, by executing a supplemental indenture together with the Trustee;
WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 8.01(e) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture; and
WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend to add the Guarantor as a party to the Indenture which shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company's obligations under the Securities and the Indenture (including without limitation notes previously issued pursuant to the Indenture) on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the "Guarantee").
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities as follows:
1. CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
2. AGREEMENT TO GUARANTEE. The Guarantor hereby agrees as follows:
(a) To guarantee to each Holder of a Security authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, jointly and severally with the Company and any other guarantor under the Indenture, fully and unconditionally, that:
(i) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities, if any, if lawful (subject in all cases subject to any applicable grace period), and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and
(ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Securities or any of such other obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantor shall be obligated to pay the same immediately, jointly and severally with the Company and any other guarantor under the Indenture.
(b) The obligations hereunder shall be full and unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Securities or the Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Securities with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of the Guarantor.
(c) Subject to Section 4 hereof, this Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Securities and the Indenture, and the Guarantor accepts all obligations of a Guarantor under the Indenture.
(d) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Guarantor or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or the Guarantor, any amount paid by either to the Trustee or such Holder, this Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect.
(e) The Guarantor shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby.
(f) The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any other guarantor or the Company so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantee.
(g) The Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Securities, each Holder hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee not
 
constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any bankruptcy law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to the Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of the Guarantor will, after giving effect to any maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities that are relevant under any applicable bankruptcy or fraudulent conveyance laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contributions from or payments made by or on behalf of any other guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other guarantor under the Indenture, this Guarantee shall be limited to the maximum amount permissible such that the obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
(h) This Guarantee shall constitute senior indebtedness of the Guarantor, ranking equal with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Guarantor.
3. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. To evidence its Guarantee, the Guarantor hereby agrees that a notation of such Guarantee substantially in the form included as Annex A hereto shall be endorsed by an officer of such Guarantor on each Security authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and that this First Supplemental Indenture shall be executed by an officer of such Guarantor. The Guarantor agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Security a notation of the Guarantee. Neither the Company nor the Guarantor shall be required to make a notation on the Securities to reflect the Guarantee or the release, termination or discharge thereof.
4. RELEASE. The Guarantor will be released of any obligations under this Guarantee, at the Company's option, (1) in connection with the sale or other disposition of all of the assets or capital stock of the Guarantor, (2) if the Guarantor no longer guarantees any indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and has no Indebtedness, (3) if the Securities are defeased in accordance with Section 10.01 of the Indenture, or (4) if the Securities are satisfied and discharged in accordance with Section 10.02 of the Indenture.
5. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guarantor shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantor under the Securities, the Guarantee, the Indenture or the Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Securities by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability.
6. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.
 
7. COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.
8. EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
9. THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guarantor and the Company.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written.
 
 

Exhibit 4.2
FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this "Supplemental Indenture"), dated as of October 13, 2006, among Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank (the "Trustee"), and SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Guarantor").
WHEREAS, the Company has heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an indenture (the "Indenture"), dated as of June 28, 2002, providing for the issuance of the Company's debentures, notes or other evidences of indebtedness (the "Securities");
WHEREAS, the Company has previously issued pursuant to the Indenture $550 million aggregate principal amount of the Company's 6
 1
/
4
% Notes due 2012, $250 million aggregate principal amount of the Company's 7
 1
/
8
% Notes due 2032 and $300 million aggregate principal amount of the Company's 5
 1
/
2
% Notes due 2033;
WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that the Company, when authorized by a resolution of its Board of Directors, may add a guarantor without the consent of the holders of the Securities by executing a supplemental indenture together with the Trustee providing for such guarantee; and
WHEREAS, pursuant to Sections 8.01(e) and 8.01(f) of the Indenture, the Trustee is authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture; and
WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend to add the Guarantor as a party to the Indenture which shall unconditionally guarantee all of the Company's obligations under the Securities and the Indenture (including without limitation notes previously issued pursuant to the Indenture) on the terms and conditions set forth herein (the "Guarantee").
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities as follows:
1. CAPITALIZED TERMS. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.
2. AGREEMENT TO GUARANTEE. The Guarantor hereby agrees as follows:
(a) To guarantee to each Holder of a Security authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, jointly and severally with the Company and any other guarantor under the Indenture, fully and unconditionally, that:
(i) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities, if any, if lawful (subject in all cases subject to any applicable grace period), and all other obligations of the Company to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and
(ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Securities or any of such other obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantor shall be obligated to pay the same immediately, jointly and severally with the Company and any other guarantor under the Indenture.
(b) The obligations hereunder shall be full and unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Securities or the Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Securities with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Company, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of the Guarantor.
(c) Subject to Section 4 hereof, this Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Securities and the Indenture, and the Guarantor accepts all obligations of a Guarantor under the Indenture.
(d) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Company, the Guarantor or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Company or the Guarantor, any amount paid by either to the Trustee or such Holder, this Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect.
(e) The Guarantor shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby.
(f) The Guarantors shall have the right to seek contribution from any other guarantor or the Company so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantee.
(g) The Guarantor, and by its acceptance of Securities, each Holder hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee not
 
constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any bankruptcy law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to the Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of the Guarantor will, after giving effect to any maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities that are relevant under any applicable bankruptcy or fraudulent conveyance laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contributions from or payments made by or on behalf of any other guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other guarantor under the Indenture, this Guarantee shall be limited to the maximum amount permissible such that the obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
(h) This Guarantee shall constitute senior indebtedness of the Guarantor, ranking equal with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Guarantor.
3. EXECUTION AND DELIVERY. To evidence its Guarantee, the Guarantor hereby agrees that a notation of such Guarantee substantially in the form included as Annex A hereto shall be endorsed by an officer of such Guarantor on each Security authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and that this First Supplemental Indenture shall be executed by an officer of such Guarantor. The Guarantor agrees that the Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding any failure to endorse on each Security a notation of the Guarantee. Neither the Company nor the Guarantor shall be required to make a notation on the Securities to reflect the Guarantee or the release, termination or discharge thereof.
4. RELEASE. The Guarantor will be released of any obligations under this Guarantee, at the Company's option, (1) in connection with the sale or other disposition of all of the assets or capital stock of the Guarantor, (2) if the Guarantor no longer guarantees any indebtedness of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and has no Indebtedness, (3) if the Securities are defeased in accordance with Section 10.01 of the Indenture, or (4) if the Securities are satisfied and discharged in accordance with Section 10.02 of the Indenture.
5. NO RECOURSE AGAINST OTHERS. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guarantor shall have any liability for any obligations of the Company or the Guarantor under the Securities, the Guarantee, the Indenture or the Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Securities by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability.
6. NEW YORK LAW TO GOVERN. THE INTERNAL LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL GOVERN AND BE USED TO CONSTRUE THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE BUT WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION WOULD BE REQUIRED THEREBY.
 
7. COUNTERPARTS. The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement.
8. EFFECT OF HEADINGS. The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
9. THE TRUSTEE. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guarantor and the Company.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed and attested, all as of the date first above written.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
This ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into as of October 16, 2006 by and between Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation ("Old SAIC") and SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("New SAIC").
WHEREAS, Old SAIC, New SAIC and SAIC Merger Sub, Inc. are parties to a certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, as amended and restated as of July 24, 2006 ("the Merger Agreement"), pursuant to which (i) Old SAIC will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of New SAIC and (ii) each share of outstanding Old SAIC common stock will be converted into the right to receive shares of New SAIC class A preferred stock;
WHEREAS, in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, Old SAIC and New SAIC have agreed that New SAIC will assume and agree to perform certain obligations of Old SAIC, which obligations include those with respect to the agreements listed on hereto (collectively, the "Assumed Agreements");
Schedule A
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Old SAIC and New SAIC hereby agree as follows:
1. . Old SAIC hereby assigns to New SAIC all of its rights and obligations under the Assumed Agreements.
Assignment
2. . New SAIC hereby assumes all of the rights and obligations of Old SAIC under the Assumed Agreements and agrees to abide by and perform all terms, covenants and conditions of Old SAIC under such Assumed Agreements. In addition, New SAIC agrees that to the extent that any of the Assumed Agreements contains a provision with respect to a "change of control" or other similar such occurrence of Old SAIC, that such provision shall apply in the event of a "change of control" or other similar such occurrence of New SAIC.
Assumption
1. . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the parties hereto shall take all reasonable and lawful action as may be necessary or appropriate to cause the intent of this Agreement to be carried out, including, without limitation, entering into amendments to the Assumed Agreements and notifying the other parties thereto of such assignment and assumption.
Further Assurances
2. . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Governing Law
3. . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same agreement.
Counterparts
4. . This Agreement, including the Schedule attached hereto, together with the Merger Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all other agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to thereto. This Agreement may not be amended or supplemented except by a written document executed by the parties to this Agreement.
Entire Agreement
5. . The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and in the event any provision hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof.
Severability
6. . The parties to the various agreements that constitute Assumed Agreements are intended to be third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
Third Party Beneficiaries
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, New SAIC and Old SAIC have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.
 
Indemnification Agreements between Science Applications International Corporation and its directors and executive officers dated beginning November 21, 2005.
Severance Protection Agreements between Science Applications International Corporation and its directors and executive officers dated beginning September 1, 2005.
 

Exhibit 10.2
GUARANTY, dated as of October 13, 2006 (the ""), by SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (""), in favor of Citicorp USA, Inc., as Administrative Agent under that certain Five Year Credit Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2006 (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "") and the Lenders party thereto (collectively with the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks (as defined in the Credit Agreement), the "").
Guaranty
Newco
Credit Agreement
Guarantied Parties
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10260 Campus Point Drive
San Diego, CA 92121
Attention: Treasurer
or to such other address or fax number as Newco shall have notified the Guarantied Party in a written notice delivered to the Guarantied Party in accordance with the Credit Agreement.
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by Newco as of the date first above written.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20061124121836.txt.gz
TIME:20061124121836
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On November 22, 2006, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing that the Supreme Court of South Africa had issued a unanimous judgment affirming and reinstating a prior international arbitration award in favor of Telcordia Technologies, Inc. ("Telcordia"), a former wholly-owned subsidiary of Science Applications International Corporation ("SAIC"), against Telkom South Africa in a breach of contract dispute. SAIC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAIC, Inc. and SAIC retained legal and financial responsibility and control for this matter when Telcordia was sold in 2005
As disclosed in SAIC's reports on Form 10-K and 10-Q, in September 2002 in an arbitration before the International Chamber of Commerce, the arbitrator ruled that Telkom South Africa had repudiated the contract and dismissed Telkom South Africa's counterclaims against Telcordia. Telkom South Africa successfully challenged the validity of the arbitration award in the South African trial court and Telcordia appealed that decision to the South African Supreme Court. The South African Supreme Court set aside the trial court decision, thereby reinstating the original arbitration decision, and awarded Telcordia its attorneys fees in the South African trial court and Supreme Court proceedings. The next phase of the arbitration proceeding will be to determine the damages to which Telcordia is entitled. SAIC is entitled to receive the proceeds from any judgment or settlement with Telkom South Africa. A copy of the release is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
 
 
The following exhibits are filed with this current report:
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA) November 22, 2006  Science Applications International Corporation [NYSE: SAI] announced today that the Supreme Court of South Africa issued a unanimous judgment affirming and reinstating an international arbitration award in favor of Telcordia Technologies, Inc., a former wholly-owned subsidiary of SAIC.
The arbitration award, issued in September 2002 by the International Chamber of Commerce's (ICC) International Court of Arbitration, found in favor of Telcordia in a breach of contract dispute with Telkom South Africa, which was then the state-owned, monopoly provider of wireline telecommunications in South Africa.
Telkom South Africa had challenged the validity of the arbitration award in the South African courts for the last four years. SAIC retained legal and financial responsibility and control for this matter when Telcordia was sold in 2005.
"This is a great outcome for SAIC and its shareholders," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "We are gratified that the South African Supreme Court so strongly endorsed the importance of binding international arbitration awards."
The South African Supreme Court's judgment effectively returns the parties to the ICC proceedings for a determination of Telcordia's damages. Under South African law, which governs the arbitration proceedings, interest on the award has been accruing at a rate of 15.5 percent per year, since approximately February 2001.
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 43,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $7.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2006.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Statements in this announcement other than historical data and information constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be very different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's final prospectus relating to its initial public offering, and such other filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20061212160757.txt.gz
TIME:20061212160757
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 12, 2006, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2006. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  December 12, 2006  SAIC, Inc. [NYSE: SAI], a leading provider of research, engineering, and technology services and solutions, today announced financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2007, which ended October 31, 2006.
Revenues were $2.1 billion, up 6 percent from $2.0 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. Approximately 3 percentage points of the consolidated growth was internal, or non-acquisition, growth. Operating income was $144 million (6.7 percent of revenue), up 36 percent from $106 million (5.2 percent of revenue) in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006.
The operating income for the quarter reflects $8 million in stock-based compensation expenses related to stock options and the employee stock purchase program, which were not included in the year-ago quarter in accordance with our adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 123(R) this fiscal year. The operating income for the third quarter of fiscal year 2006 reflects $61 million in contract losses associated with the company's firm-fixed-price contract with the Greek government.
Income from continuing operations was $90 million, up 27 percent from $71 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. The tax rate on continuing operations was 42 percent, up from 36 percent in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. The higher tax rate in the third quarter of fiscal 2007 was due to the non-deductibility of certain amounts of the special dividend paid in conjunction with the company's initial public offering (IPO) that were treated as compensation. In addition, the tax rate for the third quarter in the prior year was lower than a normative tax rate due to the reversal of certain tax contingency accruals. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.26, up 30 percent from $0.20 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. Diluted share count was 347 million, down from 358 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006 due to share repurchases made during the last 12 months, offset slightly by new shares issued in the IPO.
During the quarter the company sold its majority owned subsidiary ANX and recorded a preliminary after-tax gain of $7 million. ANX has been reflected as a discontinued operation. Income from discontinued operations was $8 million, down 60 percent from $20 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006 due to the reversal of a tax contingency accrual associated with Telcordia, which was sold in March 2005.
Net income was $98 million, up 8 percent from $91 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.28, up 12 percent from $0.25 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006. Total cash flows provided by continuing operating activities increased 55 percent from $137 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2006 to $212 million.
"We are pleased to have successfully completed our initial public offering and to report another solid quarter, especially in cash flow generation," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "Looking forward, we see a healthy funding environment for our work
supporting important national and global missions, and our focus on collaboration to pursue larger opportunities is starting to bear fruit. The success of our initial public offering was a tribute to the hard work and innovation of our 43,000 employees, and our entire company is committed to executing the strategy that we laid out to our new shareholders on our IPO road showaccelerating organic growth, expanding operating margins and making strategic acquisitions."
Stock Repurchase Program
In addition, SAIC today announced that its board of directors has authorized a stock repurchase program under which the company may repurchase up to 40 million shares of the company's common stock. Stock repurchases under this program may be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions with third parties. Whether any repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate and regulatory requirements and other market conditions.
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "The stock repurchase program is part of our overall strategy for capital allocation to maximize shareholder value. The board's action is a reflection of the company's strong financial position and its confidence in the company's future performance."
New Business Awards
During the third quarter, SAIC new business bookings totaled $2.1 billion, assuming all contract options are exercised. Current quarter bookings is defined as ending quarterly backlog less beginning quarterly backlog plus current quarter revenues. Notable highlights of competitive contract awards during the quarter include:
 
 
 
In connection with the company's review of backlog at the end of the quarter, previously reported negotiated unfunded backlog was adjusted downward by $1.6 billion to (i) eliminate anticipated revenue from future task orders under certain IDIQ contract vehicles that were included in backlog (the company's definition of backlog excludes estimates of future potential task orders under IDIQ contract vehicles) and (ii) exclude amounts that the company estimates it will not receive during the term of particular unfunded contracts. After the adjustment the company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2007 was $14.4 billion, of which $4.0 billion was funded.
Acquisitions
During the third quarter SAIC completed three acquisitions for a total cost of $114 million. The acquisitions include:
 
 
 
In addition, after the close of the quarter, SAIC completed the acquisition of AETC Inc., which specializes in remote sensing systems and services for the Department of Defense. SAIC also announced its agreement to acquire Applied Marine Technology, Inc. (AMTI), which provides a broad range of services, products and expertise to the special warfare, military, law enforcement, and intelligence communities.
Forward Guidance
The company is issuing guidance for fiscal years 2007 and 2008. The table below represents management's current expectations about the company's future financial performance based on information available at this time. The forward guidance in the table below includes the expected contribution of the proposed AMTI acquisition, which is expected to close this month, and all completed acquisitions, but it does not include any effect for any other acquisitions that SAIC might make in the future. In addition, the forward guidance does not include any share repurchases that might be made under the newly authorized stock repurchase program. If repurchases are made under the program, they would have the effect of lowering diluted share equivalents and increasing diluted earnings per share.
 
The projected increase in the diluted share equivalents and the resulting decrease in diluted earnings per share in fiscal year 2008 are caused primarily by the additional 86.25 million shares issued in the company's initial public offering, which closed on October 17, 2006. The projected decrease in cash flow from operations results primarily from proposed changes to equity programs to reduce share dilution and accounting changes from SFAS No. 123(R), which reclassifies certain amounts previously reported in cash flow from operations to cash flows from financing activities.
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 43,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $7.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2006.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future sales, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flow. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement
rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm fixed price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our final prospectus dated October 12, 2006, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of December 12, 2006. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis 703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070110164947.txt.gz
TIME:20070110164947
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(b) On January 10, 2007, SAIC, Inc. and its wholly-owned operating subsidiary Science Applications International Corporation (collectively, the "Company"), announced some organizational changes. The operations of one of the Company's six operating groups, the Research, Development, Testing and Evaluation Group led by Theoren (Trey) P. Smith III, will be integrated into the existing operations of two other groups. Dr. Smith will become the Chief Technology Officer ("CTO") effective January 31, 2007. Donald H. Foley, the current Chief Engineering and Technology Officer ("CETO"), will continue to serve as an Executive Vice President of the Company, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer, after Dr. Smith assumes the CTO position on January 31, 2007. On January 10, 2007, Dr. Foley also resigned as a member of the Company's Board of Directors. Dr. Foley will devote his efforts to managing the Company's activities relating to its contract to provide a C4I (Command, Control, Communications, Coordination and Integration) system to the Greek government.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070212163050.txt.gz
TIME:20070212163050
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
SAIC, Inc. (Company) previously disclosed that it was seeking a ruling from the IRS that would permit it to take a tax deduction for a portion of a special dividend declared in October 2006. The Company was seeking IRS approval that would permit participants of the Company's retirement plan to elect to receive the dividend in cash or reinvest it in other investment alternatives in the plan. The Company was proposing to the IRS that the Company should be able to deduct the amount of the dividend that participants elected to receive in cash under a section of the Internal Revenue Code which permits the deduction of certain dividends paid to an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP) such as the Company's retirement plan.
On February 12, 2007, the Company reported in communications sent to retirement plan participants, employees and stockholders that the IRS will not permit the Company to provide this type of election to plan participants. Given this result, the special dividend will be allocated to participants' individual accounts in the plan and participants will be able to reinvest it in any plan investment alternative. No election to receive the special dividend in cash will be permitted, and the Company will not receive a tax deduction for any amount of the special dividend paid to the plan.
A copy of the memo to employees and stockholders from the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. A copy of the notice to participants in the SAIC Retirement Plan from the Chairman of the SAIC Retirement Plans Committee is attached as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
February 12, 2007
Date:
Ken Dahlberg
From:
SAIC Employees and Stockholders
To:
Pre-IPO Special Dividend IRS Guidance
Subject:
We have been in discussions over the last several months with the IRS in an attempt to allow participants in the SAIC Retirement Plan to elect to receive the pre-IPO special dividend related to SAIC stock in the Plan in cash or reinvest it in investment alternatives available under the Plan. Our discussions with the IRS have concluded, and the IRS has advised us that plan participants would not be permitted to make an election to receive their dividend in cash or reinvest it in other Plan investment alternatives.
Given this, the special dividend will be allocated to participants' individual accounts in the Plan during the week of February 18th, and participants will be able to reinvest it into the Plan's investment alternatives. Since no election to receive the special dividend in cash is permitted, the Company will not receive a tax deduction for any amount of the special dividend paid to the Plan.
A separate letter will be sent by John Warner, Chairman of the SAIC Retirement Plans Committee, informing Plan participants of this result and providing more details. Also, participants can request additional information from SAIC Retirement Programs or through Vanguard's website (www.vanguard.com).
This closes out the last IPO structural issue. I would like to thank our employees and stockholders for their patience throughout the IPO process.
Ken Dahlberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit 99.2
February 2007
Summary of important information covered in this notice:
 
 
 
 
Dear SAIC Retirement Plan Participant:
As you know, SAIC declared a special dividend (Dividend) on shares of its outstanding stock in October 2006. The SAIC Retirement Plan (Plan) received its portion of the Dividend when it was paid to all SAIC stockholders in November 2006. The proceeds of the Dividend have been invested in the Vanguard Prime Money Market Fund awaiting guidance from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).
As we have previously advised, SAIC requested guidance from the IRS on whether it may allow participants to elect to receive the Dividend in cash or reinvest into other investment alternatives available in the Plan and permit SAIC to take a tax deduction on that portion of the Dividend distributed in cash to participants. SAIC's discussions with the IRS have concluded and the IRS advised SAIC that Plan participants would not be permitted to make an election to receive the Dividend in cash. SAIC will not be able to take a tax deduction for any amount of the Dividend paid to the Plan. Therefore, the Dividend will remain in the Plan and will now be allocated to participants' accounts.
The allocation of proceeds to your account that are related to the dividend is a two-step process. The portion of the Dividend that you are entitled to receive as a Plan participant is scheduled to be allocated to your Plan account during the week of February 18, 2007.Following the allocation of the Dividend, the earnings that accumulated from the investment of the Dividend in the Vanguard Prime Money Market Fund will also be allocated to your account during the week of February 18, 2007. The portion of the Dividend and the associated earnings allocated to your account will be invested in the LifeStrategy Conservative Growth Fund.
SAIC Retirement Plan Participants
February 2007
Page 2 of 2
Once the Dividend and associated earnings are allocated to your account and invested in the LifeStrategy Conservative Growth Fund, you may exchange the proceeds into any other investment alternative offered by the Plan. If you wish to reinvest the dividend proceeds or earnings into the SAIC Common Stock Fund, this will be permitted in early April 2007. You will receive more information regarding this and other updates to the SAIC Stock Funds in early March 2007. To make these or any other changes to your Plan account, log on to your account at or call Vanguard at .
www.vanguard.com
800-523-1188
If you have questions, please call Vanguard Participant Services at Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. to 9 p.m., Eastern time.
800-523-1188
We appreciate your patience and understanding throughout this process which unfortunately required many months to resolve.
Sincerely,
John H. Warner, Jr.
Chairman of the SAIC Retirement Plans Committee
 
For more information about any
mutual
fund
available through the SAIC Retirement Plan
, including investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses, call The Vanguard Group at 800-523-1188 to obtain a prospectus. The prospectus contains this and other important information about the fund. Read and consider the prospectus information carefully before you invest. You can also download Vanguard fund prospectuses at www.vanguard.com.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070404165352.txt.gz
TIME:20070404165352
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Election of Director
(d) On March 29, 2007, General John P. Jumper (USAF Retired) was elected as a director of SAIC, Inc. (the "Company") to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors, effective June 8, 2007.
General Jumper retired from the United States Air Force, effective November 1, 2006. From September 2001 through November 2006, General Jumper was Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force, serving as the senior uniformed Air Force officer responsible for the organization, training and equipping of active-duty, guard, reserve and civilian forces serving in the United States and overseas. As a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Jumper functioned as a military advisor to the Secretary of Defense, National Security Council and the President. Prior to that service, General Jumper held numerous positions with the United States Air Force, including serving as Commander, Air Combat Command, commanding U.S. Air Forces in Europe and Allied Air Forces Central Europe, serving as Senior Military Assistant to the Secretary of Defense and commanding an F-16 fighter squadron and two fighter wings.
In connection with his election, General Jumper will be entitled to receive the standard remuneration provided to the Company's non-management directors. This remuneration includes (i) an annual cash retainer in the amount of $50,000, (ii) fees of $1,500 for each meeting of the Board that he attends and $2,000 for each meeting of any committee of which he is a member that he attends, (iii) an inducement stock grant consisting of 3,000 shares of our class A preferred stock and (iv) an annual grant of options and shares of vesting stock. General Jumper has not yet been appointed to any committees of the Board of Directors.
There are no related party transactions between General Jumper and the Company that are required to be disclosed pursuant to the requirements of Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K.
Approval of Fiscal 2008 Cash Incentive Award Targets
(e) On March 29, 2007, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors finalized and approved certain performance goals and targets applicable to cash incentive awards that the Company's executive officers are eligible to earn for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2008 ("Fiscal 2008") under the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2006 Plan"). Target bonuses for executive officers were set as a target amount, which range up to 125% of base salary, depending on the executive officer's position with the Company.
For the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other members of senior corporate management, 70% of the total target award will be determined according to the Company's achievement of the following financial performance goals for Fiscal 2008, as measured against the Company's financial plan: 30% will depend upon the Company's revenue, 30% will depend upon the Company's operating income, 20% will depend upon the Company's operating cash flow and 20% will depend upon the level of the Company's contract awards. The remaining 30% of the total target award will be based upon the achievement of certain individual performance objectives.
For the Company's Group Presidents, 30% of the total target award will be determined according to the Company's achievement of the financial performance goals set forth above. Another 50% of the total target award will be determined according to his or her respective group's achievement of the following financial performance goals for Fiscal 2008, as measured against the Company's financial plan: 30% will depend upon the particular group's revenue, 30% will depend upon the particular group's operating income before taxes, 20% will depend upon certain average days working capital and 20% will depend upon the level of the Company's contract awards. The remaining 20% of the total target award will be based upon the achievement of certain individual performance objectives.
 
Actual amounts payable under the 2006 Plan can range from 0 to 150% of the target amount, based upon the extent to which performance under each of the foregoing criteria meets, exceeds or is below target.
 
Modification to Greek Contract
On April 4, 2007, the Company announced that it had entered into a modification to its firmfixedprice contract with the Hellenic Republic of Greece to provide a C4I (Command, Control, Communications, Coordination and Integration) System to support the 2004 Athens Summer Olympic Games. A copy of the press release announcing the execution of the modification is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1, which is incorporated herein by reference.
2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
On March 30, 2007, the Board of Directors approved the holding of our 2007 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Friday, June 8, 2007, at 1:00 p.m. (local time) at the SAIC Conference Center, 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia. Matters to be presented to stockholders for approval at the Annual Meeting will include the election of directors, the amendment of the Company's certificate of incorporation to (among other things) eliminate the classification of the Company's Board of Directors so that its directors are elected on an annual basis, the ratification of the Company's independent registered public accountants for Fiscal 2008 and other matters that will be set forth and described in a notice of meeting, proxy statement and form of proxy to be distributed to stockholders in advance of the Annual Meeting.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(SAN DIEGO and McLEAN, VA) April 4, 2007 SAIC announced it has executed a modification to its contract to deliver a state-of-the-art security system for the Greek government. The security system, known as Command, Control, Communications, Coordination and Integration (C4I), was begun in advance of the 2004 Summer Olympics and deployed during the Games. It is composed of sensors, communications, and command and control software.
"We have reached a mutually beneficial agreement that allows SAIC and its teammates to deliver the final modifications to the C4I system linking the police, fire, ambulance and coast guard departments," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman of the Board and chief executive officer. "We're pleased with this resolution and look forward to continuing cooperation with the Greek Ministry of Public Order to complete the program."
The contract modification clarifies the parties' obligations on this large contract, which had fallen into dispute. The original contract price was 259M. The modification, executed on March 29 resulted in a 4M immediate reduction, with the final price to be determined by processes identified in the modification.
"Through very significant efforts for more than a year, we and our customers have produced a well-defined contract modification. We now have a clear path leading to contract completion," said Donald H. Foley, the SAIC executive vice president involved directly in the negotiation of the modification.
Last week's modification to the contract provides for SAIC, with its subcontractors, to deliver enhanced command and control software, as well as upgraded coast guard boat video and port security subsystems over a schedule ending in calendar 2008 to meet the post-Olympic needs of the Greek State. In addition, SAIC, with its subcontractors, will provide maintenance of the subsystems for a period of up to five
years following subsystem acceptance. In turn, within 70 days of the modification signing, the Greek government will accept the already completed 20 subsystems at a maximum reduction of 7M from the original contract price. Additionally, the Greek government will make a 26M payment in approximately 30 days to compensate SAIC for previously performed work.
SAIC had initiated arbitration of the dispute before the International Chamber of Commerce while continuing to negotiate the modification. With the signature of the modification last week, the ICC arbitration proceeding between the parties was dismissed.
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $7.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2006.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
###
Statements in this announcement other than historical data and information constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be very different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's final prospectus relating to its initial public offering, and such other filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070411160825.txt.gz
TIME:20070411160825
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 11, 2007, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 31, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  April 11, 2007  SAIC, Inc. [NYSE: SAI] today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2007, which ended January 31, 2007. Revenue, diluted earnings per share, and cash flow from operations exceeded the top end of the guidance ranges provided by the company on its previous earnings release.
"The company completed its 38
th
year in strong fashion," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "The growth initiatives and margin expansion plans we described during our recent initial public offering (IPO) are beginning to show results. Our 44,000 employeesmost of whom are shareholdersare collaborating more effectively to offer the full breadth of services and solutions to our customers."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.1 billion, up 10 percent from $2.0 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006. Revenues for the year were $8.3 billion, up 7 percent from $7.8 billion in fiscal year 2006. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented approximately 7 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter and 4 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the fiscal year.
Operating income for the quarter was $144 million (6.7 percent of revenue), up 10 percent from $131 million (6.7 percent of revenue) in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006. Full-year operating income was $585 million (7.1 percent of revenue), up 19 percent from $490 million (6.3 percent of revenue) in fiscal year 2006. Operating income for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2007 include $8 million and $33 million, respectively, in compensation expenses related to stock options and the company's employee stock purchase program that were not included in the comparable periods for fiscal year 2006 in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 123(R). Operating income for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2006 reflect $6 million and $83 million, respectively, in contract losses associated with the company's firm fixed-price contract with the Greek government.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $85 million, down 36 percent from $132 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006. Full-year income from continuing operations was $369 million, up 8 percent from $341 million in fiscal year 2006. Year-over-year comparisons of income from continuing operations are not as positive as those from operating income primarily because the fiscal year 2006 tax rates were significantly below the fiscal year 2007 rates. This was due to the reversal of certain tax contingency accruals during fiscal year 2006, which brought the effective tax rate well below a normal rate of about 40 percent. In addition, interest income was lower for the fourth quarter but higher for the year in fiscal year 2007 compared to fiscal year 2006.
 
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.20, down 46 percent from $0.37 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006, driven by a reduction in interest income, increase in tax expense, and higher share count compared to the prior year. The diluted share count for the quarter was 420 million, up 19 percent from 353 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006 as a result of the shares issued in the IPO. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $1.01, up 6 percent from $0.95 in fiscal year 2006, even as the diluted share count increased from 359 million to 364 million.
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.20 for the quarter, down 55 percent from $0.44 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006. Diluted earnings per share for the year were $1.07, down 59 percent from $2.58 in fiscal year 2006. Discontinued operations include the majority owned subsidiary ANX, which was sold in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007, and Telcordia, which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $199 million, down 14 percent from $231 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006. For the year cash flow from operations was $704 million, up 20 percent from $587 million in fiscal year 2006. As of January 31, 2007, the company had $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.2 billion in long-term debt.
During the quarter the company used a total of $67 million to repurchase 2.4 million shares under the 40-million share stock repurchase program and 1.3 million shares in privately negotiated transactions or to pay withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Only the repurchases under the stock repurchase plan had not been planned when the company provided guidance on December 12, 2006.
In addition, SAIC completed the following two acquisitions during the fourth quarter for a total cost of $252 million:
 
 
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "In fiscal year 2007, our core business showed improved profitability and excellent cash flow. Looking forward, we are focused on internal growth initiatives, continued operating margin expansion, and deploying cash flow and other capital wisely to strengthen our company and increase its value."
 
New Business Awards
New business bookings totaled $2.7 billion in the fourth quarter and $9.2 billion for the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.3 and 1.1 for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, respectively. Bookings reflect net additions to backlog, derived by taking the change in total backlog plus revenue recognized for the period. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work. Notable highlights of competitive single-award delivery order contracts received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
In addition to these defined delivery awards, SAIC also won several indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in the bookings total. Notable IDIQ awards during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of fiscal year 2007 was over $15.1 billion, of which $4.8 billion was funded. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.3 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders that might be awarded under IDIQ or other Master Agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
The company is reaffirming its guidance for fiscal year 2008 given on December 12, 2006, which is shown in the table below.
 
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include,
 
among others, estimates of future sales, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flow. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm fixed price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our final prospectus dated October 12, 2006, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of April 11, 2007. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070423171134.txt.gz
TIME:20070423171134
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Retirement of Officer
On April 20, 2007, George T. Singley, III, Group President of SAIC, Inc., announced his upcoming retirement from the company. Mr. Singley, who is currently President of the company's Engineering, Training and Logistics Group, will resign his positions as Group President and Executive Vice President effective June 2, 2007, after which he will continue to provide consulting services to the company through April 2008. Larry J. Peck, who is currently President of the company's Enterprise and Infrastructure Solutions Group, will also resign as a Group President effective June 2, 2007, after which he will continue to serve as an Executive Vice President of the company and assist with business development and operational improvements.
In connection with these resignations, the company announced certain changes in its group and business unit organizational structure. Charles F. Koontz will become President of the newly-named IT and Network Solutions Group, while Joseph W. Craver, III will become President of the Infrastructure and Product Solutions Group. Deborah H. Alderson will continue as President of the Defense Solutions Group and Lawrence B. Prior will continue as the President of the Intelligence, Security, and Technology Group.
(d) Appointment of Director
On April 19, 2007, Dr. Miriam (Mim) John was appointed as a director of SAIC, Inc. to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors, effective June 8, 2007.
Dr. John retired from Sandia National Laboratories in September 2006, after having served as Vice President of Sandia's California Division from April 1999 to September 2006. She previously served in a number of managerial and technical roles for Sandia from 1982 to 1999. Dr. John is a member of the Department of Defense's Defense Science Board and Threat Reduction Advisory Committee, and the National Research Council's Naval Studies Board.
In connection with her election, Dr. John will be entitled to receive the standard remuneration provided to the company's non-management directors. This remuneration includes (i) an annual cash retainer in the amount of $50,000, (ii) fees of $1,500 for each meeting of the Board that she attends and $2,000 for each meeting of any committee of which she is a member that she attends, (iii) an inducement stock grant consisting of 3,000 shares of the company's class A preferred stock and (iv) an annual grant of options and shares of restricted stock. Dr. John has not yet been appointed to any committees of the Board of Directors. There are no related party transactions between Dr. John and the company.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070530142807.txt.gz
TIME:20070530142807
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Resignation of Officer
On May 29, 2007, William A. Roper, Jr. announced his resignation as Executive Vice President of SAIC, Inc. in order to accept the position of President and Chief Executive Officer of Verisign, Inc., a NASDAQ listed digital infrastructure services company.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070606160801.txt.gz
TIME:20070606160801
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On June 6, 2007, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first quarter ended April 30, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  June 6, 2007  SAIC, Inc. [NYSE: SAI] , a leading provider of research, engineering, and technology services and solutions, today announced financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, which ended April 30, 2007.
"Thanks to the hard work of our 44,000 employees, the company is off to a good start for the year," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "The company met its financial objectives for the quarter and is on track to achieve all of the metrics contained in the company's guidance for the year. In addition, the enactment of the supplemental spending bill in May should allow our primary customers to fund their critical missions."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.1 billion, up 6 percent from $2.0 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 2 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter.
Operating income for the quarter was $140 million (6.8 percent of revenue), down 1 percent from $142 million (7.3 percent of revenue) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The year-over-year decrease in operating margin was primarily caused by the timing of business development and internal research and development spending, which is forecast to be consistent throughout fiscal year 2008 but was weighted toward the second half of fiscal year 2007.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $77 million, down 17 percent from $93 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The decrease in income from continuing operations results primarily from a $15 million decrease in interest income and a 3.6 percentage point increase in the effective tax rate. Interest income declined year-over-year in response to declines in average cash and investment balances due to the payment of the $2.45 billion special dividend in November 2006. The tax rate in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007 was lower than normal as a result of the reversal of certain tax contingencies; the tax rate in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008 represents a more normative rate of 40 percent.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.18, down 33 percent from $0.27 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007, driven by the decrease in income from continuing operations and a higher share count compared to the prior year. The diluted share count for the quarter was 418 million, up 20 percent from 347 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007 as a result of the 86.25 million shares issued in the October 2006 initial public offering (IPO).
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.19 for the quarter, down 39 percent from $0.31 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. Discontinued operations
 
include the majority owned subsidiary ANX, which was sold in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007, and Telcordia, which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
The company used $134 million of cash flow in support of operations during the quarter, compared to generating $79 million in cash flow from operations in the first quarter of fiscal year 2007. The decrease in cash flow from operations is in part due to increases during the quarter in the settlement of payables and accrued expenses and in days sales outstanding from 69 to 73 days. The decrease was also attributable to the year-over-year shift from equity to cash of certain bonus payments and retirement plan contributions, timing differences in payments for Employee Stock Purchase Plan and retirement plan activities, and the recategorization of tax benefits received on stock option exercises and other stock awards from cash flow from operations to cash flow from financing activities effective with the October 2006 IPO-related reorganization merger as required by SFAS 123(R). In general, cash flow from operations is lowest in the first quarter because the company pays its annual bonuses for the prior year in March.
During the quarter, the company used a total of $94 million to repurchase 2.5 million shares under the 40-million share stock repurchase program and 2.7 million shares in privately negotiated transactions or other recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Share count guidance given by the company expressly assumes no future repurchases under the repurchase program but includes an estimate for other recurring repurchases from employees.
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $1.5 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.7. Net bookings reflect net additions to backlog, derived by taking the change in backlog plus revenue recognized for the period. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work. Quarterly net bookings were diminished by $300 million to reflect that the company received notice that a customer intends to move certain tasks from a definite delivery contract to existing indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts. Without this contract category change, net bookings would have been $1.8 billion, yielding a book-to-bill ratio of 0.9.
Notable highlights of competitive definite delivery contracts received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
In addition to these definite delivery awards, SAIC also won several IDIQ contracts that are not included in the bookings total. Notable IDIQ awards during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2008 was over $14.5 billion, of which $4.8 billion was funded. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $9.7 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders that might be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
 
Forward Guidance
The company is reaffirming its guidance for fiscal year 2008 given on December 12, 2006, which is shown in the table below.
 
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future sales, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flow. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 
of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2007, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of June 6, 2007. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070614141101.txt.gz
TIME:20070614141101
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan was initially adopted by our Board of Directors in November 2005 and approved by our stockholders in September 2006. In March 2007, our Board of Directors recommended that the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, along with certain proposed amendments to the Plan (the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan as proposed to be amended, the "Plan"), be submitted to our stockholders for their approval. In order that we may be able to continue to deduct certain items of compensation paid to certain of our executive officers for federal income tax purposes, certain terms and provisions of the Plan under which we provide "performance-based compensation" were also submitted for stockholder approval. At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 8, 2007, our stockholders approved the material terms of and amendments to the Plan.
The Plan provides for the grant to our employees, directors, and consultants of stock options, stock appreciation rights ("SARs"), stock awards (including restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock, performance shares and other similar types of awards, including other awards under which recipients are not required to pay any purchase or exercise price, such as phantom stock rights) and cash awards designed to comply with certain federal tax rules. All equity awards granted under the Plan will be granted with respect to shares of our common stock and/or class A preferred stock.
Among other things, the Plan was amended by:
 
 
 
 
 
The foregoing description of the amendments to the Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the description of the Plan set forth under the caption "Proposal IV-Approval of Material Terms of and Certain Amendments to our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan" in the Company's 2007 Proxy Statement, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 1, 2007 and by the full text of the Plan filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report, both of which are incorporated into this Current Report by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
The purpose of this 2006 Equity Incentive Plan is to enhance the long-term stockholder value of SAIC, Inc. and its affiliated companies by offering opportunities to eligible individuals to participate in the growth in value of the equity of SAIC, Inc.
 
2.1 .
Definitions
This Plan uses the following defined terms:
(a) "" means the Board or the Committee, or any officer or Employee of the Company to whom the Board or the Committee delegates authority to administer this Plan.
Administrator
(b) "" means a "parent" or "subsidiary" (as each is defined in Section 424 of the Code) of the Company and any other entity that the Board or Committee designates as an "Affiliate" for purposes of this Plan.
Affiliate
(c) "" means any and all laws of whatever jurisdiction, within or without the United States, and the rules of any stock exchange or quotation system on which Shares are listed or quoted, applicable to the taking or refraining from taking of any action under this Plan, including the administration of this Plan and the issuance or transfer of Awards or Award Shares.
Applicable Law
(d) "" means a Stock Award, SAR, Cash Award, or Option granted in accordance with the terms of this Plan.
Award
(e) "" means the document, which may be in paper or electronic form, evidencing the grant of an Award and its terms and conditions.
Award Agreement
(f) "" means Shares covered by an outstanding Award or purchased under an Award.
Award Shares
(g) "" means: (i) a person to whom an Award has been granted, including a holder of a Substitute Award or (ii) a person to whom an Award has been transferred in accordance with all applicable requirements of Sections 6.5, 7(h), 8.1(c), 8.2(d) and 17.
Awardee
(h) "" means the Board of Directors of the Company.
Board
(i) "" means the right to receive cash as described in Section 8.3.
Cash Award
(j) "" means employment related dishonesty, fraud, misconduct or disclosure or misuse of confidential information, or other employment related conduct that is likely to cause significant injury to the Company, an Affiliate, or any of their respective employees, officers or directors (including, without limitation, commission of a felony or similar offense), in each case as determined by the Administrator. "Cause" shall not require that a civil judgment or criminal conviction has been entered against or guilty plea shall have been made by the Awardee regarding any of the matters referred to in the previous sentence. Accordingly, the Administrator shall be entitled to determine "Cause" based on the Administrator's good faith belief. If the Awardee is criminally charged with a felony or similar offense that shall be a sufficient, but not a necessary, basis for such belief.
Cause
(k) "" means any transaction or event that the Board specifies as a Change in Control under Section 10.4.
Change in Control
(l) "" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Code
(m) "" means a committee or subcommittee of the Board of Directors of the Company composed of one or more Company Directors appointed in accordance with the Company's charter documents and Section 4. As referenced in Section 4.1(a), from time to time throughout this Plan, the term "Committee" is used to refer to both the Board and the Committee.
Committee
(n) "" means SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
Company
(o) "" means a member of the Board.
Company Director
(p) "" means an individual who, or an employee of any entity that, provides bona fide services to the Company or an Affiliate not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, but who is not an Employee.
Consultant
(q) "" means a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or an Affiliate.
Director
(r) "" means any transaction or event that the Board or the Committee specifies as a Divestiture under Section 10.6.
Divestiture
(s) "" means October 16, 2006.
Effective Date
(t) "" means a regular employee of the Company or an Affiliate, including an officer or Director, who is treated as an employee in the personnel records of the Company or an Affiliate, but not individuals who are classified by the Company or an Affiliate as: (i) leased from or otherwise employed by a third party, (ii) independent contractors, or (iii) intermittent or temporary workers. The Company's or an Affiliate's classification of an individual as an "Employee" (or as not an "Employee") for purposes of this Plan shall not be altered retroactively even if that classification is changed retroactively for another purpose as a result of an audit, litigation or otherwise. An Awardee shall not cease to be an Employee due to transfers between locations of the Company, or between the Company and an Affiliate, or to any successor to the Company or an Affiliate that assumes the Awardee's Options under Section 10. Neither service as a Director nor receipt of a director's fee shall be sufficient to make a Director an "Employee."
Employee
(u) "" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Exchange Act
(v) "" means, if the Company has any class of any equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, an individual who is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act or who is a "covered employee" under Section 162(m) of the Code, in either case because of the individual's relationship with the Company or an Affiliate. If the Company does not have any class of any equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, "Executive" means any (i) Director, (ii) officer elected or appointed by the Board, or (iii) beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of the Company's equity securities.
Executive
(w) "" means, with respect to an Award, the date stated in the Award Agreement as the expiration date of the Award or, if no such date is stated in the Award Agreement, then the last day of the exercise period for the Award, disregarding the effect of an Awardee's Termination or any other event that would shorten that period.
Expiration Date
(x) "" means the value of a share of the stock of Company as determined under Section 18.2.
Fair Market Value
(y) "" means any transaction or event described in Section 10.3.
Fundamental Transaction
(z) "" means (i) a material diminution in responsibility or compensation, or (ii) requiring Awardee to work in a location (other than normal business travel) which is more than 50 miles from Awardee's place of employment before the change.
Good Reason
(aa) "" means the date the Administrator approves the grant of an Award. However, if the Administrator specifies that an Award's Grant Date is a future date or the date on which a condition is satisfied, the Grant Date for such Award is that future date or the date that the condition is satisfied.
Grant Date
(bb) "" means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code and designated as an Incentive Stock Option in the Award Agreement for that Option.
Incentive Stock Option
(cc) "" means termination by the Company or an Affiliate, as applicable, without Cause or termination by the Awardee for Good Reason.
Involuntary Termination
(dd) "" means any Option other than an Incentive Stock Option
Nonstatutory Option
(ee) "" shall mean a performance condition (i) that is established (A) at the time an Award is granted or (B) no later than the earlier of (1) 90 days after the beginning of the period of service to which it relates, or (2) before the elapse of 25% of the period of service to which it relates, (ii) that is uncertain of achievement at the time it is established, and (iii) the achievement of which is determinable by a third party with knowledge of the relevant facts. Measures that may be used in Objectively Determinable Performance Conditions are: net revenue dollars; revenue growth; earnings per share; return on assets; return on equity; net order dollars; net profit dollars; net profit growth; operating cash flow; operating income; number of contract bookings; number of contract awards; profits before tax; return on investment capital; days working capital; objective customer satisfaction indicators, efficiency measures and individual performance goals; and other similar objectives, each with respect to the Company and/or an Affiliate or individual business unit.
Objectively Determinable Performance Condition
(ff) "" means an officer of the Company as defined in Rule 16a-1 adopted under the Exchange Act.
Officer
(gg) "" means a right to purchase Shares of the Company granted under this Plan.
Option
(hh) "" means the price payable under an Option for Shares, not including any amount payable in respect of withholding or other taxes.
Option Price
(ii) "" means Shares covered by an outstanding Option or purchased under an Option.
Option Shares
(jj) "" means this 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended.
Plan
(kk) "" mean the Science Application International Corporation 1999 Stock Incentive Plan, 1998 Stock Option Plan and 1984 Bonus Compensation Plan.
Prior Plans
(ll) "" means the price payable under a Stock Award for Shares, not including any amount payable in respect of withholding or other taxes.
Purchase Price
(mm) "" means a "qualified domestic relations order" as defined in, and otherwise meeting the requirements of, Section 414(p) of the Code, except that reference to a "plan" in that definition shall be to this Plan.
Qualified Domestic Relations Order
(nn) "" has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(d).
Restricted Stock Award
(oo) "" means Rule 16b-3 adopted under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.
Rule 16b-3
(pp) "" or "" means a right to receive cash and/or Shares based on a change in the Fair Market Value of a specific number of Shares pursuant to an Award Agreement, as described in Section 8.1.
SAR
Stock Appreciation Right
(qq) "" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
Securities Act
(rr) "" means a share of the Class A Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the Company, as determined by the Board or Committee, or other securities substituted for the Class A Preferred Stock or Common Stock under Section 10.
Share
(ss) "" means an offer by the Company to sell or issue shares subject to certain restrictions pursuant to the Award Agreement as described in Section 8.2 or, as determined by the Board or Committee, a
Stock Award
notional account representing the right to be paid an amount based on Shares. Types of Awards which may be granted as Stock Awards include such awards as are commonly known as restricted stock, deferred stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, phantom stock or similar types of awards as determined by the Administrator.
(tt) "" means a Substitute Option, Substitute SAR or Substitute Stock Award granted in accordance with the terms of this Plan.
Substitute Award
(uu) "" means an Option granted in substitution for, or upon the conversion of, an option granted by another entity to purchase equity securities in the granting entity.
Substitute Option
(vv) "" means a SAR granted in substitution for, or upon the conversion of, a stock appreciation right granted by another entity with respect to equity securities in the granting entity.
Substitute SAR
(ww) "" means a Stock Award granted in substitution for, or upon the conversion of, a stock award granted by another entity to purchase equity securities in the granting entity.
Substitute Stock Award
(xx) "" is any person who, directly or by attribution under Section 424(d) of the Code, owns stock possessing more than ten percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Affiliate on the Grant Date.
Ten Percent Stockholder
(yy) "" means that the Awardee has ceased to be, with or without any cause or reason, an Employee, Director or Consultant. However, unless so determined by the Administrator, or otherwise provided in this Plan, "Termination" shall not include a change in status from an Employee, Consultant or Director to another such status. An event that causes an Affiliate to cease being an Affiliate shall be treated as the "Termination" of that Affiliate's Employees, Directors, and Consultants.
Termination
2.2 . Any reference to a "Section," without more, is to a Section of this Plan. Captions and titles are used for convenience in this Plan and shall not, by themselves, determine the meaning of this Plan. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular includes the plural and vice versa. Any reference to a statute is also a reference to the applicable rules and regulations adopted under that statute. Any reference to a statute, rule or regulation, or to a section of a statute, rule or regulation, is a reference to that statute, rule, regulation, or section as amended from time to time, both before and after the Effective Date and including any successor provisions.
Rules of Interpretation
3.1 . The Shares issuable under this Plan shall be authorized but unissued or reacquired Shares, including Shares repurchased by the Company on the open market. The number of Shares initially available for issuance over the term of this Plan shall be 75,000,000 (subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 10.2). Except as required by Applicable Law, Shares subject to an outstanding Award shall not reduce the number of Shares available for issuance under this Plan until the earlier of the date such Shares are vested pursuant to the terms of the applicable Award or the actual date of delivery of the Shares to the Awardee. Those Shares (i) that are issued under the Plan that are forfeited or repurchased by the Company at the original purchase price or less or that are issuable upon exercise of awards granted under the Plan that expire or become unexercisable for any reason after their Grant Date without having been exercised in full, (ii) that are withheld from an Option or Stock Award pursuant to a Company-approved "net exercise" provision, including (without limitation) pursuant to Section 6.4(b), (iii) that are retained upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right pursuant to Section 8.1(b), or (iv) that are not delivered to or are Award Shares surrendered by a holder in consideration for applicable tax withholding will continue to be available for issuance under this Plan. The repurchase of Shares by the Company shall not increase the maximum number of Shares that may be issued under this Plan to the extent the Company repurchases Shares that were originally acquired or purchased with other previously owned Shares. The maximum number of Shares shall be cumulatively increased on February 1, 2007, after the Effective Date and each February 1 thereafter for nine more years, by the least of: (i) a number of Shares determined by the Committee; (ii) 30,000,000 Shares (subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 10.2), or (iii) 5% of the Company's outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the preceding January 31 (measured on an as-converted basis with respect to outstanding shares of Class A Preferred Stock).
Number of Award Shares
3.2 . Award Shares may be: (a) Shares that have never been issued, (b) Shares that have been issued but are no longer outstanding, or (c) Shares that are outstanding and are acquired to discharge the Company's obligation to deliver Award Shares.
Source of Shares
3.3 .
Term of this Plan
(a) This Plan shall become effective on the Effective Date (with any amendments to the Plan being effective on and after the date thereof), and Awards may be granted under this Plan on and after, the Effective Date. Upon effectiveness of this Plan, no additional awards will be made under the Prior Plans.
(b) Subject to the provisions of Section 14, Awards may be granted under this Plan until October 15, 2016.
4.1 .
General
(a) The Board shall have ultimate responsibility for administering this Plan. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board may delegate certain of its responsibilities to a Committee. In addition, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Board or the Committee may further delegate its responsibilities to any Employee of the Company or any Affiliate. Where this Plan specifies that an action must be taken or a determination made by the Committee, only the Board or the Committee may take that action or make that determination; that Section 5.2 includes reference to actions that only the Committee may perform. Where this Plan references the "Administrator," the action may be taken or determination made by the Board, the Committee, or other administrator to whom the Board or Committee has delegated specified powers, including those powers set forth in Section 4.2. However, only the Board or a Committee consisting solely of independent directors as defined in the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines may approve grants of Awards to Executives, and an Administrator other than the Board or the Committee may grant Awards only within the guidelines established by the Board or Committee. Moreover, all actions and determinations by any Administrator are subject to the provisions of this Plan.
provided
(b) So long as the Company has registered and outstanding a class of equity securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and to the extent necessary or helpful to comply with Applicable Law with respect to officers subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and/or others, a Committee shall consist of two or more Company Directors who are "Non-Employee Directors" as defined in Rule 16b-3 and who are "outside directors" as defined in Section 162(m) of the Code.
4.2 . Subject to the other provisions of this Plan, the Board or the Committee shall have the authority to:
Authority of the Board or the Committee
(a) grant Awards, including Substitute Awards;
(b) determine the Fair Market Value of Shares;
(c) determine the Option Price and the Purchase Price of Awards;
(d) select the Awardees;
(e) determine the times Awards are granted;
(f) determine the number of Shares subject to each Award;
(g) determine the type of Shares subject to each Award;
(h) determine the methods of payment that may be used to purchase Award Shares;
(i) determine the methods of payment that may be used to satisfy withholding tax obligations;
(j) determine the other terms of each Award, including but not limited to the time or times at which Awards may be exercised, whether and under what conditions an Award is assignable, whether an Option is a Nonstatutory Option or an Incentive Stock Option and automatic cancellation of the Award if certain objective requirements determined by the Administration are not met;
(k) modify or amend any Award;
(l) authorize any person to sign any Award Agreement or other document related to this Plan on behalf of the Company;
(m) determine the form of any Award Agreement or other document related to this Plan, and whether that document, including signatures, may be in electronic form;
(n) interpret this Plan and any Award Agreement or document related to this Plan;
(o) correct any defect, remedy any omission, or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan, any Award Agreement or any other document related to this Plan;
(p) adopt, amend, and revoke rules and regulations under this Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans and Plan addenda;
(q) adopt, amend, and revoke special rules and procedures which may be inconsistent with the terms of this Plan, set forth (if the Administrator so chooses) in sub-plans regarding (for example) the operation and administration of this Plan and the terms of Awards, if and to the extent necessary or useful to accommodate non-U.S. Applicable Laws and practices as they apply to Awards and Award Shares held by, or granted or issued to, persons working or resident outside of the United States or employed by Affiliates incorporated outside the United States;
(r) determine whether a transaction or event should be treated as a Change in Control, a Divestiture or neither;
(s) determine the effect of a Fundamental Transaction and, if the Board determines that a transaction or event should be treated as a Change in Control or a Divestiture, then the effect of that Change in Control or Divestiture;
(t) appoint such additional administrators as are necessary to perform various administrative acts and determine the duties of such administrators; and
(u) make all other determinations the Administrator deems necessary or advisable for the administration of this Plan.
4.3 . Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.3, on all matters for which this Plan confers the authority, right or power on the Board, the Committee, or other Administrator to make decisions, that body may make those decisions in its sole and absolute discretion. Those decisions will be final, binding and conclusive. In making its decisions, the Board, Committee or other Administrator need not treat all persons eligible to receive Awards, all Awardees, all Awards or all Award Shares the same way. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and except as provided in Section 14.3, the discretion of the Board, Committee or other Administrator is subject to the specific provisions and specific limitations of this Plan, as well as all rights conferred on specific Awardees by Award Agreements and other agreements.
Scope of Discretion
 
5.1 . Awards (including Substitute Awards) may be granted to, and only to, Employees, Directors and Consultants, including to prospective Employees, Directors and Consultants conditioned on the beginning of their service for the Company or an Affiliate. However, Incentive Stock Options may only be granted to Employees, as provided in Section 7(g).
Eligible Individuals
5.2 .
Section 162(m) Limitation
(a) . Subject to the provisions of this Section 5.2, for so long as the Company is a "publicly held corporation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code: (i) no Employee may be granted within any fiscal year of the Company under this Plan Options to purchase, and SARs to receive compensation calculated with reference to, more than an aggregate of 3,000,000 Shares, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 10 and considered without regard to any number of Stock Awards or the dollar amount of any Cash Awards that may have been granted or awarded to
Options and SARs
such Employee during the applicable fiscal year, and (ii) with respect to any Option or SAR that is granted with the intent of having it qualify as "qualified performance-based compensation" under Code Section 162(m), Options and SARs may be granted to an Executive only by the Committee (and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 4.1(a), not by the Board). If an Option or SAR is cancelled without being exercised, that cancelled Option or SAR shall continue to be counted against the limit on Awards that may be granted to any individual under this Section 5.2(a).
(b) . Subject to the provisions of this Section 5.2, so long as the Company is a "publicly held corporation" within the meaning of Code Section 162(m): (i) no Employee may be granted one or more Stock Awards within any single fiscal year of the Company to purchase more than 2,000,000 Shares, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 10 and considered without regard to any number of Option or SAR Shares or the dollar amount of any Cash Awards that may have been granted or awarded to such Employee during the applicable fiscal year, and (ii) no Employee may be granted one or more Cash Awards within a single fiscal year of the Company having an aggregate amount of more than $5,000,000, considered without regard to any number of Options, SARs or Stock Awards that may have been granted or awarded to such Employee during the applicable fiscal year. With respect to any Stock Award or Cash Award that is granted with the intent of having it qualify as "qualified performance-based compensation" under Code Section 162(m), such Awards may be granted to an Executive only by the Committee (and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 4.1(a), not by the Board).
Cash Awards and Other Stock Awards
(c) Any Cash Award or Stock Award intended as "qualified performance-based compensation" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code must be awarded, vest or become exercisable contingent on the achievement of one or more Objectively Determinable Performance Conditions. The Committee shall have the discretion to determine the time and manner of compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code.
(d) Nothing in this Section 5.2 shall prevent the Committee from making any type of Award authorized for grant under this Plan outside of this Plan. In addition, nothing in this Section 5.2 shall prevent the Committee from granting Awards under this Plan that are not intended to qualify as "qualified performance-based compensation" under Code Section 162(m).
(e) Notwithstanding satisfaction, achievement or completion of any Objectively Determinable Performance Conditions, that may be specified at
the time of grant of an Award to a "covered employee" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the number of Awards, Shares, or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under an Award on account of satisfaction of such Objectively Determinable Performance Condition(s) may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine.
 
Options will be evidenced by an Award Agreement. In addition, the following rules apply to all Options:
6.1 . No Option may have an Option Price less than the Fair Market Value of the underlying Share on the Grant Date.
Price
6.2 . No Option shall be exercisable after its Expiration Date. No Option may have an Expiration Date that is more than ten years after its Grant Date. Additional provisions regarding the term of Incentive Stock Options are provided in Sections 7(a) and 7(e).
Term
6.3 . Options shall be exercisable: (a) on the Grant Date, or (b) in accordance with a schedule related to the Grant Date, the date the Awardee's directorship, employment or consultancy begins, or a different date specified in the Award Agreement. Additional provisions regarding the vesting of Incentive Stock Options are provided in Section 7(c). No Option granted to an individual who is subject to the overtime pay provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act may be exercised before the expiration of six months after the Grant Date.
Vesting
6.4 .
Form and Method of Payment
(a) In accordance with Section 4.2, the Administrator shall have the authority to determine the acceptable form and method of payment for exercising an Option. Acceptable forms of payment that the Administrator may permit with respect to the exercise of Options include:
(i) cash, check or wire transfer, denominated in U.S. dollars except as specified by the Administrator for non-U.S. Employees or non-U.S. sub-plans;
(ii) other shares of stock of the Company, or the designation of other shares of stock of the Company, which have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender greater than or equal to the Option Price of the Shares as to which the Option is being exercised;
(iii) provided that a public market exists for the Common Stock, consideration received by the Company under a procedure under which a licensed broker-dealer advances funds on behalf of an Awardee or sells shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Option Shares on behalf of an Awardee (a "Cashless Exercise Procedure"), provided that if the Company extends or arranges for the extension of credit to an Awardee under any Cashless Exercise Procedure, no Officer or Director may participate in that Cashless Exercise Procedure;
(iv) cancellation of any debt owed by the Company or any Affiliate to the Awardee by the Company (including, without limitation, waiver of compensation due or accrued for services previously rendered to the Company);
(v) payment pursuant to any "cashless net exercise" procedures approved by the Committee; provided that the difference between the full number of Shares covered by the exercised portion of the Award and the number of Shares actually delivered shall be restored to the amount of Shares reserved for issuance under Section 3.1; and
(vi) any combination of the methods of payment permitted by any paragraph of this Section 6.4(a).
The Committee may also permit any other form or method of payment for Option Shares permitted by Applicable Law. In making its determination as to the type of consideration to accept, the Administrator shall consider if acceptance of such consideration may be reasonably expected to benefit the Company and the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, refuse to accept a particular form of consideration at the time of any Option exercise.
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing Section 6.4(a), the Committee may require the delivery in Shares for the value of the net appreciation of the Shares at the time of exercise over the exercise price. The difference between the full number of Shares covered by the exercised portion of the Award and the number of Shares actually delivered shall be restored to the amount of Shares reserved for issuance under Section 3.1.
6.5 . Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator and subject to Section 17, no Option shall be assignable or otherwise transferable by the Awardee. Incentive Stock Options may only be assigned in compliance with Section 7(h).
Nonassignability of Options
6.6 . The Committee may cause the Company to grant Substitute Options in connection with the acquisition by the Company or an Affiliate of
Substitute Options
equity securities of any entity (including by merger, tender offer, or other similar transaction) or of all or a portion of the assets of any entity. Any such substitution shall be effective on the effective date of the acquisition. Substitute Options may be Nonstatutory Options or Incentive Stock Options. Unless and to the extent specified otherwise by the Committee, Substitute Options shall have the same terms and conditions as the options they replace, except that (subject to the provisions of Section 10) Substitute Options shall be Options to purchase Shares rather than equity securities of the granting entity, shall have an Option Price determined by the Committee and shall be on terms that, as determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion, properly reflect the substitution.
6.7 . Subject to Section 14.3, the Committee may cancel and regrant or otherwise adjust the exercise price of Options previously granted under the Plan without the approval of the Company's stockholders, provided that the Committee may not reprice, reduce the exercise price of or make similar adjustments with the effect of lowering the exercise price of Options previously granted under the Plan without the approval of the Company's stockholders other than in connection with a change in the Company's capitalization pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan.
Certain Adjustments to Exercise Prices
 
The following rules apply only to Incentive Stock Options and only to the extent these rules are more restrictive than the rules that would otherwise apply under this Plan. With the consent of the Awardee, or where this Plan provides that an action may be taken notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Administrator may deviate from the requirements of this Section, notwithstanding that any Incentive Stock Option modified by the Administrator will thereafter be treated as a Nonstatutory Option.
(a) The Expiration Date of an Incentive Stock Option shall not be later than ten years from its Grant Date, with the result that no Incentive Stock Option may be exercised after the expiration of ten years from its Grant Date.
(b) No Incentive Stock Option may be granted after October 15, 2016.
(c) Options intended to be incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code that are granted to any single Awardee under all incentive stock option plans of the Company and its Affiliates, including incentive stock options granted under this Plan, may not vest at a rate of more than $100,000 in Fair Market Value of stock (measured on the grant dates of the options) during any calendar year. For this purpose, an option vests with respect to a given share of stock the first time its holder may purchase that share, notwithstanding any right of the Company to repurchase that share.
Unless the administrator of that option plan specifies otherwise in the related agreement governing the option, this vesting limitation shall be applied by, to the extent necessary to satisfy this $100,000 rule, treating certain stock options that were intended to be incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code as Nonstatutory Options. The stock options or portions of stock options to be reclassified as Nonstatutory Options are those with the highest option prices, whether granted under this Plan or any other equity compensation plan of the Company or any Affiliate that permits that treatment. This Section 7(c) shall not cause an Incentive Stock Option to vest before its original vesting date or cause an Incentive Stock Option that has already vested to cease to be vested.
(d) In order for an Incentive Stock Option to be exercised for any form of payment other than those described in Section 6.4(a), that right must be stated at the time of grant in the Award Agreement relating to that Incentive Stock Option; provided that Section 6.4(b) shall apply to all Options from the Grant Date thereof.
(e) Any Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, must have an Expiration Date that is not later than five years from its Grant Date, with the result that no such Option may be exercised after the expiration of five years from the Grant Date.
(f) The Option Price of an Incentive Stock Option shall never be less than the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the Grant Date. The Option Price for the Shares covered by an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder shall never be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the Grant Date.
(g) Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. If an Awardee changes status from an Employee to a Consultant, that Awardee's Incentive Stock Options become Nonstatutory Options if not exercised within the time period described in Section 7(i) (determined by treating that change in status as a Termination solely for purposes of this Section 7(g)).
(h) No rights under an Incentive Stock Option may be transferred by the Awardee, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. During the life of the Awardee, an Incentive Stock Option may be exercised only by the Awardee. The Company's compliance with a Qualified Domestic Relations Order, or the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option by a guardian or conservator appointed to act for the Awardee, shall not violate this Section 7(h).
(i) An Incentive Stock Option shall be treated as a Nonstatutory Option if it remains exercisable after, and is not exercised within, the three-month period beginning with the Awardee's Termination for any reason other than the Awardee's death or disability (as defined in Section 22(e) of the Code). In the case of Termination due to death, an Incentive Stock Option shall continue to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if it remains exercisable after, and is not exercised within, the three month period after the Awardee's Termination provided it is exercised before the Expiration Date. In the case of Termination due to disability, an Incentive Stock Option shall be treated as a Nonstatutory Option if it remains exercisable after, and is not exercised within, one year after the Awardee's Termination.
(j) An Incentive Stock Option may only be modified by the Committee.
 
8.1 . The following rules apply to SARs:
Stock Appreciation Rights
(a) . SARs may be granted either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with other Awards granted under this Plan. The Administrator may grant SARs to eligible participants subject to terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan and determined by the Administrator. The specific terms and conditions applicable to the Awardee shall be provided for in the Award Agreement. SARs shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, at such times as the Administrator shall specify in the Award Agreement. The grant or vesting of a SAR may be made contingent on the achievement of Objectively Determinable Performance Conditions.
General
(b) . Upon the exercise of an SAR, in whole or in part, an Awardee shall be entitled to a payment in an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a fixed number of Shares covered by the exercised portion of the SAR on the date of exercise, over the Fair Market Value of the Shares covered by the exercised portion of the SAR on the Grant Date. The amount due to the Awardee upon the exercise of a SAR shall be paid in cash, Shares or a combination thereof as, and over the period or periods specified, in the Award Agreement. An Award Agreement may place limits on the amount that may be paid over any specified period or periods upon the exercise of a SAR, on an aggregate basis or as to any Awardee. Subject to Section 9.2, a SAR shall be considered exercised when the Company receives written notice of exercise in accordance with the terms of the Award Agreement from the person entitled to exercise the SAR. If a SAR has been granted in tandem with an Option, upon the exercise of the SAR, the number of Shares that may be purchased pursuant to the Option shall be reduced by the number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised.
Exercise of SARs
(c) . Except as determined by the Administrator and subject to Section 17, no SAR shall be assignable or otherwise transferable by the Awardee.
Nonassignability of SARs
(d) . The Committee may cause the Company to grant Substitute SARs in connection with the acquisition by the Company or an Affiliate of equity securities of any entity (including by merger, tender offer, or other similar transaction) or of all or a portion of the assets of any entity. Any such substitution shall be effective on the effective date of the acquisition. Unless and to the extent specified otherwise by the Committee, Substitute SARs shall have the same terms and conditions as the SARs they replace, except that (subject to the provisions of Section 10) Substitute SARs shall be exercisable for Shares rather than equity securities of the granting entity and shall be on terms that, as determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion, properly reflects the substitution.
Substitute SARs
(e) . Subject to Section 14.3, the Committee may cancel and regrant or otherwise adjust the exercise price of SARs previously granted under the Plan without the approval of the Company's stockholders, provided that the Committee may not reprice, reduce the exercise price of or make similar adjustments with the effect of lowering the exercise price of SARs previously granted under the Plan without the approval of the Company's stockholders other than in connection with a change in the Company's capitalization pursuant to Section 10 of the Plan.
Certain Adjustments to Exercise Prices
8.2 . The following rules apply to all Stock Awards:
Stock Awards
(a) . The specific terms and conditions of a Stock Award applicable to the Awardee may be provided for in the Award Agreement. The Award Agreement shall state the number of Shares that the Awardee shall be entitled to receive or purchase, the terms and conditions on which the Shares shall vest (Stock Awards may be made in fully vested Shares when appropriate in the discretion of the Administrator), the price to be paid, whether Shares are to be delivered at the time of grant or at some deferred date specified in the Award Agreement, whether the Award is payable solely in Shares, cash or either and, if applicable, the time within which the Awardee must accept such offer. The offer may be accepted by execution or acknowledgement of the Award Agreement. The Administrator may require that all Shares subject to a right of repurchase or risk of forfeiture be held in escrow until such repurchase right or risk of
General
forfeiture lapses. The grant or vesting of a Stock Award may be made contingent on the achievement of Objectively Determinable Performance Conditions.
(b) . If so provided in the Award Agreement, Award Shares acquired pursuant to a Stock Award may be subject to repurchase by the Company or an Affiliate if not vested in accordance with the Award Agreement.
Right of Repurchase
(c) . The Administrator shall determine the acceptable form and method of payment for exercising a Stock Award, which may include any or all of the forms of payment set forth in Section 6.4.
Form of Payment
(d) . Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator and subject to Section 17, no Stock Award subject by its terms to any conditions or restrictions on the issuance or ownership rights of Shares pursuant to such Award, including without limitation any vesting or similar conditions or any deferral elections (any such Stock Awards, ""), shall be assignable or otherwise transferable by the Awardee.
Nonassignability of Stock Awards
Restricted Stock Awards
(e) . The Committee may cause the Company to grant Substitute Stock Awards in connection with the acquisition by the Company or an Affiliate of equity securities of any entity (including by merger, tender offer, or other similar transaction) or of all or a portion of the assets of any entity. Unless and to the extent specified otherwise by the Committee, Substitute Stock Awards shall have the same terms and conditions as the stock awards they replace, except that (subject to the provisions of Section 10) Substitute Stock Awards shall be Stock Awards to purchase Shares rather than equity securities of the granting entity and shall have a Purchase Price and other terms that, as determined by the Committee in its sole and absolute discretion, properly reflects the substitution. Any such Substitute Stock Award shall be effective on the effective date of the acquisition.
Substitute Stock Award
(f) .
Forfeiture and Repurchase Rights
(i) . In the event of the Awardee's termination, any unvested Shares shall be forfeited, or if the Awardee paid a purchase price to acquire the Stock Award, the Company shall have the right, during the seven months after the Awardee's Termination, to repurchase any or all of the Award Shares that were unvested as of the date of that Termination. The repurchase price shall be determined by the Administrator in accordance with this Section
General
8.2(f) which shall be either (i) the Purchase Price for the Award Shares (minus the amount of any cash dividends paid or payable with respect to the Award Shares for which the record date precedes the repurchase) or (ii) the lower of (A) the Purchase Price for the Shares or (B) the Fair Market Value of those Award Shares as of the date of the Termination. The repurchase price shall be paid in cash. The Company may assign this right of repurchase.
(ii) . The Company or its assignee may choose to give the Awardee a written notice of exercise of its repurchase rights under this Section 8.2(f). However, the Company's failure to give such a notice shall not affect its rights to repurchase Award Shares. The Company must, however, tender the repurchase price during the period specified in this Section 8.2(f) for exercising its repurchase rights in order to exercise such rights.
Procedure
8.3 . Cash Awards may be granted either alone, in addition to, or in tandem with other Awards granted under this Plan. After the Administrator determines that it will offer a Cash Award, it shall advise the Awardee, by means of an Award Agreement or otherwise, of the terms, conditions and restrictions related to the Cash Award. The grant or vesting of a Cash Award may be made contingent on the achievement of Objectively Determinable Performance Conditions.
Cash Awards
 
9.1 . An Award shall be exercisable in accordance with this Plan and the Award Agreement under which it is granted.
In General
9.2 . Options and Stock Awards shall be considered exercised when the Company or its designee receives: (a) written (including electronically pursuant to Section 18.4 below) notice of exercise from the person entitled to exercise the Option or Stock Award, (b) full payment, or provision for payment, in a form and method approved by the Administrator, for the Shares for which the Option or Stock Award is being exercised, and (c) with respect to any Award the exercise of which triggers any withholding obligation, payment, or provision for payment, in a form and method approved by the Administrator, of all applicable withholding and similar taxes and/or (if applicable) transaction costs due upon exercise. An Award may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. SARs shall be considered exercised when the Company receives written notice of the exercise from the person entitled to exercise the SAR.
Time of Exercise
9.3 . Subject to Sections 12.1 and 13, the Company shall issue Award Shares in the name of the Awardee (or to such other person as to whom the Award Shares may be appropriately and legally issued under procedures and rules, if any, established from time to time by the Administrator). The Company shall endeavor
Issuance of Award Shares
to issue Award Shares promptly after an Award is exercised or after the Grant Date or settlement date of a Stock Award, as applicable. Until Award Shares are actually issued, as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the stock register of the Company or its transfer agent, the Awardee will not have the rights of a stockholder with respect to those Award Shares, even though the Awardee has completed all the steps necessary to exercise the Award. No adjustment shall be made for any dividend, distribution, or other right for which the record date precedes the date the Award Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 10.
 
(a) . Except as provided in an Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator, including in an Award Agreement, and as otherwise provided in Sections 9.4(b), (c), (d) and (e) after an Awardee's Termination for other than Cause, the Awardee's Awards shall be exercisable to the extent (but only to the extent) they are vested on the date of that Termination and only during the ninety (90) days after the Termination, but in no event after the Expiration Date. Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of termination for Cause the Award may not be exercised after the date of Termination. To the extent the Awardee does not exercise an Award within the time specified for exercise, the Award shall automatically terminate.
In General
(b) . If an Awardee is an employee of the Company or an Affiliate and is on a leave of absence pursuant to the terms of the Company's Administrative Policy No. SH-1 "Unpaid Leave" or similar policy maintained by an Affiliate, as such policies may be revised or replaced from time to time, the Awardee shall not, during the period of such absence be deemed, by virtue of such absence alone, to have terminated the Awardee's employment. The Awardee shall continue to vest in the Award during any approved medical or military leave of absence. Medical leave shall include family or medical leaves, workers' compensation leave, or pregnancy disability leave. For all other leaves of absence, the Award will fully vest only during active employment and shall not vest during a leave of absence, unless required under local law. However, if an Awardee returns to active employment with the Company or an Affiliate following such a leave, the Award will be construed to vest as if there had been no break in active employment. During any leave of absence, an Awardee shall have the right to exercise the vested portion of the Award.
Leaves of Absence
(c) . Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or determined by the Administrator, if an Awardee's Termination is due to death or disability (as determined by the
Death or Disability
Administrator with respect to all Awards other than Incentive Stock Options and as defined by Section 22(e) of the Code with respect to Incentive Stock Options), the unvested portion of all Awards of that Awardee shall be accelerated and become fully exercisable upon the Termination, and all Awards of the Awardee shall be exercisable until the Expiration Date. In the case of Termination due to death, an Award may be exercised as provided in Section 17. In the case of Termination due to disability, if a guardian or conservator has been appointed to act for the Awardee and been granted this authority as part of that appointment, that guardian or conservator may exercise the Award on behalf of the Awardee. Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, death or disability occurring after an Awardee's Termination shall not cause the Termination to be treated as having occurred due to death or disability. To the extent an Award is not so exercised within the time specified for its exercise, the Award shall automatically terminate.
(d) . If an Awardee's Termination is due to a Divestiture, the Committee may take any one or more of the actions described in Section 10.3 or 10.4 with respect to the Awardee's Awards.
Divestiture
(e) . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9.4 (a)-(d), the Administrator shall have complete discretion, exercisable either at the time an Award is granted or at any time while the Award remains outstanding, to:
Administrator Discretion
(i) Extend the period of time for which the Award is to remain exercisable, following the Awardee's Termination, from the limited exercise period otherwise in effect for that Award to such greater period of time as the Administrator shall deem appropriate, but in no event beyond the Expiration Date; and/or
(ii) Permit the Award to be exercised, during the applicable post-Termination exercise period, not only with respect to the number of vested Shares for which such Award may be exercisable at the time of the Awardee's Termination but also with respect to one or more additional installments in which the Awardee would have vested had the Awardee not been subject to Termination.
(f) . Nothing in this Plan or in any Award Agreement, and no Award or the fact that Award Shares remain subject to repurchase rights or risk of forfeiture, shall: (A) interfere with or limit the right of the Company or any Affiliate to terminate the employment or consultancy of any Awardee at any time, whether with or without cause or reason, and with or without the payment of severance or any other
Consulting or Employment Relationship
compensation or payment, (B) confer upon any employee any right to continue in the employ of, or affiliation with, the Company or a Subsidiary nor constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or a Subsidiary regarding future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation or (C) interfere with the application of any provision in any of the Company's or any Affiliate's charter documents or Applicable Law relating to the election, appointment, term of office, or removal of a Director.
 
10.1 . Except as provided in this Section 10, no change in the capital structure of the Company, merger, sale or other disposition of assets or of a subsidiary, change in control, issuance by the Company of shares of any class of securities or securities convertible into shares of any class of securities, exchange or conversion of securities, or other transaction or event shall require or be the occasion for any adjustments of the type described in this Section 10.
In General
10.2 . In the event of any stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination or reclassification of stock, stock dividend, spin-off, extraordinary cash dividend or similar change to the capital structure of the Company (not including a Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control), the Committee shall make such adjustments as it concludes are appropriate in order to preserve the proportionate value of Awards before and after the change in capital structure of the Company to: (a) the number and type of Awards and Award Shares that may be granted under this Plan, including (without limitation) to the number of Shares available for issuance over the term of this Plan as set forth in Section 3.1 above, (b) the number and type of Options, SARs and Stock Awards that may be granted to any individual under this Plan, (c) the terms of any SAR, (d) the Purchase Price and repurchase price of any Stock Award or other Award Shares, (e) the Option Price and number and class of securities issuable under each outstanding Option, and (f) the repurchase price of any securities substituted for Award Shares that are subject to repurchase rights. The specific adjustments shall be determined by the Committee. Unless the Committee specifies otherwise, any securities issuable as a result of any such adjustment shall be rounded down to the next lower whole security. The Committee need not adopt the same rules for each Award or each Awardee.
Changes in Capital Structure
10.3 . In the event of (a) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving corporation (other than a merger or consolidation with a wholly-owned subsidiary, a reincorporation of the Company in a different jurisdiction, or other transaction in which there is no substantial change in the stockholders of the Company or their relative stock holdings and the Awards granted under this Plan are assumed, converted or replaced by the successor corporation, which assumption shall be binding on all participants), (b) a merger in which the Company is
Fundamental Transactions
the surviving corporation but after which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such merger (other than any stockholder that merges, or which owns or controls another corporation that merges, with the Company in such merger) cease to own their shares or other equity interest in the Company, (c) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or (d) the acquisition, sale, or transfer of more than 50% of the outstanding shares of the Company by tender offer or similar transaction (each, a ""), any or all outstanding Options, SARs and Restricted Stock Awards may be assumed, converted or replaced by the successor corporation (if any), which assumption, conversion or replacement shall be binding on all participants under this Plan. In the alternative, the successor corporation may substitute equivalent Options, SARs and Restricted Stock Awards or provide substantially similar consideration to participants as was provided to stockholders (after taking into account the existing provisions of the Awards). The successor corporation may also issue, in place of outstanding Shares held by the participants, substantially similar shares or other property subject to repurchase restrictions no less favorable to the participant. In the event such successor corporation (if any) does not assume or substitute Options, SARs and Restricted Stock Awards, as provided above, pursuant to a transaction described in this Subsection 10.3, the vesting with respect to such Awards shall fully and immediately accelerate or the repurchase rights of the Company shall fully and immediately terminate, as the case may be, so that the Awards may be exercised or the repurchase rights shall terminate before, or otherwise in connection with the closing or completion of the Fundamental Transaction or event and the Award shall then terminate. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, provide that the vesting of any or all Award Shares subject to vesting or right of repurchase shall accelerate or lapse, as the case may be, upon a transaction described in this Section 10.3. If the Committee exercises such discretion with respect to Options, such Options shall become exercisable in full prior to the consummation of such event at such time and on such conditions as the Committee determines, and if such Options are not exercised prior to the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, the Committee may specify that they terminate at such time as determined by the Committee. Subject to any greater rights granted to participants under the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.3, in the event of the occurrence of any Fundamental Transaction, any outstanding Awards shall be treated as provided in the applicable agreement or plan of merger, consolidation or sale of assets.
Fundamental Transaction
10.4 . The Board may also, but need not, specify that other transactions or events constitute a "." The Board may do that either before or after the transaction or event occurs. Examples of transactions or events that the Board may treat as Changes in Control are: (a) any person or entity, including a "group" as contemplated by Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, acquires securities holding 25% or more of the total combined voting power or value of the Company, or (b) as a result of or in connection with a contested election of Company Directors, the persons who were Company Directors immediately before the election cease to constitute a majority of the Board. In connection with a Change in Control, notwithstanding any
Changes in Control
Change in Control
other provision of this Plan, the Board may, but need not, take any one or more of the actions described in Section 10.3. In addition, the Board may extend the date for the exercise of exercisable Awards (but not beyond their original Expiration Date).
10.5 . The Committee need not adopt the same rules for each Award or each Awardee. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, in the event of an Involuntary Termination of services for any reason other than death, disability or Cause, within 18 months following the consummation of a Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control, any Options, SARs and Restricted Stock Awards assumed or substituted in a Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control, which are subject to vesting conditions and/or the right of repurchase in favor of the Company or a successor entity, shall fully accelerate for vesting so that such Award Shares are immediately exercisable upon Termination or, if subject to the right of repurchase in favor of the Company, such repurchase rights shall lapse as of the date of Termination. Any such Awards having an exercisability feature shall be exercisable for a period of six months following Termination.
Additional Rules and Benefits related to Fundamental Transactions and Changes in Control
10.6 . If the Company or an Affiliate sells or otherwise transfers equity securities of an Affiliate to a person or entity other than the Company or an Affiliate, or leases, exchanges or transfers all or any portion of its assets to such a person or entity, then the Committee may specify that such transaction or event constitutes a "Divestiture". In connection with a Divestiture, notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Committee may, but need not, take one or more of the actions described in Section 10.3, 10.4 or 10.5 with respect to Awards or Award Shares held by, for example, Employees, Directors or Consultants for whom that transaction or event results in a Termination. The Committee need not adopt the same rules for each Award or Awardee.
Divestiture
10.7 . If the Company adopts a plan of dissolution, the Committee may cause Awards to be fully vested and exercisable (but not after their Expiration Date) before the dissolution is completed but contingent on its completion and may cause the Company's repurchase rights on Award Shares to lapse upon completion of the dissolution. The Committee need not adopt the same rules for each Award or each Awardee. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in the event of a dissolution of the Company, to the extent not exercised before the earlier of the completion of the dissolution or their Expiration Date, Awards shall terminate immediately prior to the dissolution.
Dissolution
10.8 . If the Administrator determines that the net after-tax amount to be realized by any Awardee, taking into account any accelerated vesting, termination of repurchase rights, or cash payments to that Awardee in connection with any transaction or event set forth in this Section 10 would be greater if one or more of those steps were not taken or payments were not made with respect to that Awardee's Awards or Award Shares, then, at the election of the Awardee, to such extent, one or more of those steps shall not be taken and payments shall not be made.
Cut-Back to Preserve Benefits
11.1 .
Certain Transactions and Events
(a) In the event of a Fundamental Transaction while the Awardee remains a non-Employee Director, the Shares at the time subject to each outstanding Award held by such Awardee pursuant to this Plan, but not otherwise vested, shall automatically vest in full and become exercisable for all Shares as fully vested Shares and all repurchase rights shall automatically terminate in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Fundamental Transaction. Immediately following the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, each Award shall terminate and cease to be outstanding, except to the extent assumed by the successor corporation (or Affiliate thereof).
(b) In the event of a Change in Control while the Awardee remains a non-Employee Director, the Shares at the time subject to each outstanding Award held by such Awardee pursuant to this Plan, but not otherwise vested, shall automatically vest in full and become exercisable for all the Shares as fully vested Shares and all repurchase rights shall automatically terminate in full immediately prior to the effective date of the Change in Control. Each such Award shall remain exercisable for such fully vested Shares until the expiration or sooner termination of the Award term in connection with a Change in Control.
(c) Each Award which is assumed in connection with a Fundamental Transaction shall be appropriately adjusted, immediately after such Fundamental Transaction, to apply to the number and class of securities which would have been issuable to the Awardee in consummation of such Fundamental Transaction had the Award been exercised immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction. Appropriate adjustments shall also be made to the Option Price or Purchase Price payable per share under each outstanding Award, provided the aggregate Option Price or Purchase Price payable for such securities shall remain the same. To the extent the actual holders of the Company's outstanding Shares receive cash consideration for their Shares in consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, the successor corporation may, in connection with the assumption of the outstanding Awards granted to non-Employee Directors under this Plan, substitute one or more shares of its own common stock with a fair market value equivalent to the cash consideration paid per Share in such Fundamental Transaction.
12.1 .
Tax Withholding Alternatives
(a) . Whenever Awards are granted or exercised, or Award Shares are issued or become free of restrictions, as applicable, the Company may require the Awardee to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable tax withholding requirement, whether the related tax is imposed on the Awardee or the Company. The Company shall have no obligation to deliver Award Shares or release Award Shares from an escrow or permit a transfer of Award Shares until the Awardee has satisfied those tax withholding obligations. Whenever payment in satisfaction of Awards is made in cash, the payment will be reduced by an amount sufficient to satisfy all tax withholding requirements.
General
(b) . The Awardee shall pay any required withholding using such forms of consideration as are described in Section 6.4(a) and determined appropriate by the Administrator. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may also permit Award Shares to be withheld or surrendered to pay required withholding. If the Administrator permits Award Shares to be withheld or surrendered, the Fair Market Value of the Award Shares withheld or surrendered, as determined as of the date of withholding, shall not exceed the amount determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates to the extent the Administrator determines such limit is necessary or advisable in light of generally accepted accounting principles.
Method of Payment
12.2 . Any holder of Option Shares acquired under an Incentive Stock Option shall promptly notify the Administrator, following such procedures as the Administrator may require, of the sale or other disposition of any of those Option Shares if the disposition occurs during: (a) the longer of two years after the Grant Date of the Incentive Stock Option and one year after the date the Incentive Stock Option was exercised, or (b) such other period as the Administrator has established.
Reporting of Dispositions
 
The grant of Awards and the issuance and subsequent transfer of Award Shares shall be subject to compliance with all Applicable Law, including all applicable securities laws. Awards may not be exercised, and Award Shares may not be transferred, in violation of Applicable Law. Thus, for example, Awards may not be exercised unless: (a) a registration statement under the Securities Act is then in effect with respect to the related Award Shares, or (b) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, those Award Shares may be issued in accordance with an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. The failure or
inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body the authority considered by the Company's legal counsel to be necessary or useful for the lawful issuance of any Award Shares or their subsequent transfer shall relieve the Company of any liability for failing to issue those Award Shares or permitting their transfer. As a condition to the exercise of any Award or the transfer of any Award Shares, the Company may require the Awardee to satisfy any requirements or qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate to comply with or evidence compliance with any Applicable Law.
 
14.1 . The Board or the Committee may at any time amend, suspend, or terminate this Plan.
Amendment and Termination
14.2 . The Company shall obtain the approval of the Company's stockholders for any amendment to this Plan if stockholder approval is necessary or desirable to comply with any Applicable Law or with the requirements applicable to the grant of Awards intended to be Incentive Stock Options. The Board may also, but need not, require that the Company's stockholders approve any other amendments to this Plan.
Stockholder Approval
14.3 . No amendment, suspension, or termination of this Plan, and no modification of any Award even in the absence of an amendment, suspension, or termination of this Plan, shall impair any existing contractual rights of any Awardee unless the affected Awardee consents to the amendment, suspension, termination, or modification. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no such consent shall be required if the Committee determines that the amendment, suspension, termination, or modification (including an amendment of the designation of the class of securities to be issued under Awards): (a) is required or advisable in order for the Company, this Plan or the Award to satisfy Applicable Law, to meet the requirements of any accounting standard or to avoid any adverse accounting treatment, or (b) in connection with any transaction or event described in Section 10, is in the best interests of the Company or its stockholders. The Committee may, but need not, take the tax or accounting consequences to affected Awardees into consideration in acting under the preceding sentence. Those decisions shall be final, binding and conclusive. Termination of this Plan shall not affect the Administrator's ability to exercise the powers granted to it under this Plan with respect to Awards granted before the termination of this Plan or with respect to Award Shares issued under such Awards even if those Award Shares are issued after the termination of this Plan.
Effect
 
15.1 . This Plan shall not limit the power of the Company or any Affiliate to adopt other incentive arrangements including, for example, the grant or issuance of stock options, stock, other equity-based rights or cash bonuses or awards under other plans.
Nonexclusivity of this Plan
15.2 . This Plan shall be unfunded. Although bookkeeping accounts may be established with respect to Awardees, any such accounts will be used merely as a convenience. The Company shall not be required to segregate any assets on account of this Plan, the grant of Awards, or the issuance of Award Shares. The Company and the Administrator shall not be deemed to be a trustee of stock or cash to be awarded under this Plan. Any obligations of the Company to any Awardee shall be based solely upon contracts entered into under this Plan, such as Award Agreements. No such obligations shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge or other encumbrance on any assets of the Company. Neither the Company nor the Administrator shall be required to give any security or bond for the performance of any such obligations.
Unfunded Plan
15.3 The value of Options, SARs and Stock Awards granted pursuant to the Plan will not be included as compensation, earnings, salary or other similar terms used when calculating an Awardee's benefits under any other employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate except as such other plan otherwise expressly provides.
Compensation.
 
To enforce any restrictions on Award Shares, the Administrator may require the holder to deposit any certificates (or indicia of ownership) representing Award Shares, with stock powers or other transfer instruments approved by the Administrator endorsed in blank, with the Company or an agent of the Company to hold in escrow until the restrictions have lapsed or terminated. The Administrator may also cause a legend or legends referencing the restrictions to be placed on any such certificates.
 
17.1 The Company may from time to time establish procedures under which the Company may make certain determinations required with respect to Awards in the event of an Awardee's death. The Company's determinations and decisions in this regard shall be final and binding on all parties.
Treatment of Awards upon Death of Awardee.
17.2 Options, SARs and Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Awards shall generally be nontransferable; provided however that the Administrator may in its discretion (and as reflected in the applicable Award Agreement or an amendment thereto) make an Option, SAR or Restricted Stock Award transferable to an Awardee's family or entities affiliated with the Awardee's family if and to the extent permitted under the rules and instructions applicable to Form S-8 (or any successor form or other securities laws under which the issuance and sale of Awards and Award
Limited Transferability.
Shares hereunder are registered or exempted). If the Administrator makes an Option, SAR or Restricted Stock Award transferable, either at the time of grant or thereafter, such Award shall contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate, and any transferee shall be deemed to be bound by such terms upon acceptance of such transfer.
 
18.1 . This Plan, the Award Agreements and all other agreements entered into under this Plan, and all actions taken under this Plan or in connection with Awards or Award Shares, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.
Governing Law
18.2 . The "Fair Market Value" of a Share shall be determined as follows:
Determination of Value
(a) . If Shares are traded on any established stock exchange or quoted on a national market system, Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price as quoted on that stock exchange or system for the day before the date the value is to be determined (the "Value Date") as reported in The Wall Street Journal or a similar publication. If no sales are reported as having occurred on the day before the Value Date, Fair Market Value shall be that closing sales price for the last preceding trading day on which sales of Shares are reported as having occurred. If no sales are reported as having occurred during the five trading days before the Value Date, Fair Market Value shall be the closing bid for the Shares on the day before the Value Date. If the Shares of the Company are listed on multiple exchanges or systems, Fair Market Value shall be based on sales or bid prices on the primary exchange or system on which Shares of the Company are traded or quoted.
Listed Stock
(b) . If Shares are regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported on any established stock exchange or quoted on a national market system, Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices on the day before the Value Date. If no prices are quoted for the day before the Value Date, Fair Market Value shall be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices on the last preceding trading day on which any bid and asked prices were quoted.
Stock Quoted by Securities Dealer
(c) . If Shares are not traded on any established stock exchange or quoted on a national market system and are not quoted by a recognized securities dealer, the Administrator (following guidelines established by the Board or Committee) will determine Fair Market Value of the Shares in good faith.
No Established Market
(d) If shares of the Company's Common Stock are traded on any established stock exchange or quoted on a national market system, the Fair Market Value of shares of the Company's Class A Preferred Stock shall be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Company's Common Stock, as of the relevant valuation date, for all purposes under this Plan.
Class A Preferred Stock.
18.3 . During the term of this Plan, the Company shall at all times keep available such number of Shares as are still issuable under this Plan.
Reservation of Shares
18.4 . Any Award Agreement, notice of exercise of an Award, or other document required or permitted by this Plan may be delivered in writing or, to the extent determined by the Administrator, electronically. Signatures or acknowledgements may also be electronic if permitted by the Administrator.
Electronic Communications
18.5 . Unless the Administrator specifies otherwise, any notice to the Company under any Award Agreement or with respect to any Awards or Award Shares shall be in writing (or, if so authorized by Section 18.4, communicated electronically), shall be addressed to the Secretary of the Company, and shall only be effective when received by the Secretary of the Company.
Notices


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070720083218.txt.gz
TIME:20070720083218
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 20, 2007, SAIC issued a press release describing actions it has taken to mitigate lapses by SAIC in data security relating to personal information processed by SAIC under several health care contracts for military service customers. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA) July 20, 2007  Personal information of certain uniformed service members, family members and others was placed at risk for potential compromise while being processed by SAIC under several health care data contracts for military service customers, the company said today.
SAIC remedied the security lapses upon learning of them and began working with the customers to mitigate any potential impact. Forensic analysis has not yielded any evidence that any personal information was actually compromised; however, the possibility cannot be ruled out. SAIC is notifying approximately 580,000 households, some with more than one affected person.
"We deeply regret this security failure and I want to extend our apologies to those affected by it," Chairman and CEO Ken Dahlberg said. "We are concerned about the inconvenience and risk of potential compromise of personal information this may cause. The security failure is completely unacceptable and occurred as a result of clear violations of SAIC's strong internal IT security policies. In this instance, we did not live up to the high level of performance that our customers have learned to expect and demand from us. We let down our customers and the service members whom we support. For this, we are very sorry."
The information was stored on a single, SAIC-owned, non-secure server at a small SAIC location, and in some cases was transmitted over the Internet in an unencrypted form. The contracts were with customers in the Departments of the Army, Navy, Air Force and Homeland Security. The work was being done in connection with TRICARE, the health benefits program for the uniformed services, retirees and their families. The personal information at risk varies by individual, but could include combinations of names, addresses, Social Security numbers, birth dates, and/or limited health information in the form of codes.
The company is working closely with its government customers to mitigate any potential inconvenience or harm the possible compromise of personal information may cause. SAIC retained Kroll, Inc., a leading identity theft detection and mitigation firm, to provide services to affected individuals, including an Incident Response Center with extended hours, information resources, and credit and identity restoration services for any victims of related identity theft. These services will be provided at no cost to the government or the affected persons. The pre-tax cost of these services, which will be included in SAIC's financial results of operations for the three months ending July 31, 2007, is estimated to be in the range of $7 million to $9 million, excluding costs for credit restoration services if any related identity theft occurs.
"Our focus is on offering services and support to those who may be affected by the potential compromise of their information," according to Arnold Punaro, Executive Vice President, the company official leading the support effort.
The company has responded to this situation in a comprehensive way by taking the following actions:
 
 
 
 
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and
other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $8.3 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2007.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Statements in this announcement other than historical data and information constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be very different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2007, and such other filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070801132555.txt.gz
TIME:20070801132555
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective July 31, 2007, Science Applications International Corporation (the "Company"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAIC, Inc., entered into a Letter Amendment No. 2 ("Second Amendment") to the Company's Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of June 6, 2006, as previously amended by the Letter Amendment dated as of August 23, 2006 (the "Amended Credit Agreement"). The Second Amendment was entered into by and among the Company, the banks and other financial institutions and the initial issuing banks listed on the signature pages thereof, and Citicorp USA, Inc., as agent for the lenders. Under the Second Amendment, the maturity date of the Amended Credit Agreement is extended for one year, to June 6, 2012. Effective October 16, 2006, SAIC, Inc. executed a guaranty (the "Guaranty") pursuant to which it agreed to guaranty the obligations of the Company under the Amended Credit Agreement.
The description set forth above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of (i) the Second Amendment filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report, (ii) the Guaranty filed as Exhibit 10.2 to SAIC, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed October 17, 2006, (iii) the Credit Facility filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2006 and (iv) the amendment to the Credit Facility filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended July 31, 2006, the terms of all of which are incorporated into this Current Report by reference.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
EXECUTION COPY
To the banks, financial institutions
and other institutional lenders
(collectively, the "") parties
Lenders
to the Credit Agreement referred to
below and to Citicorp USA, Inc., as agent
(the "") for the Lenders
Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to the Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of June 6, 2006, as amended by the Letter Amendment dated as of August 23, 2006 (as so amended, the "Credit Agreement") among Science Applications International Corporation (the "Company"), the banks and other financial institutions and the initial issuing banks listed on the signature pages thereof, and Citicorp USA, Inc., as agent (the "Agent") for the Lenders. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement.
The undersigned hereby requests that each of the Lenders agree to extend the Maturity Date for one year, to June 6, 2012.
The Company hereby certifies that, as of the date hereof, the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement are correct and no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.
This Letter Amendment shall become effective as to each Lender that executes and returns this Letter Amendment as of the date first above written when, and only when, the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Letter Amendment executed by the undersigned and the Requisite Lenders or, as to any of the Lenders, advice satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that such Lender has executed this Letter Amendment. This Letter Amendment is subject to the provisions of Section 10.01 of the Credit Agreement.
On and after the effectiveness of this Letter Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereunder", "hereof" or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference in the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents to "the Credit Agreement", "thereunder", "thereof" or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Letter Amendment.
The Credit Agreement, the Notes and each of the other Loan Documents, as specifically amended by this Letter Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and
effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Letter Amendment shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents.
If you agree to the terms and provisions hereof, please evidence such agreement by executing and returning at least two counterparts of this Letter Amendment to Susan L. Hobart, Shearman & Sterling LLP, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022.
This Letter Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Letter Amendment by telecopier shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Letter Amendment.
This Letter Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
 
Agreed as of the date first above written:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070906160634.txt.gz
TIME:20070906160634
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 6, 2007, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the second quarter ended July 31, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

E 99.1
XHIBIT
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  September 6, 2007  SAIC, Inc. [NYSE: SAI], a leading provider of research, engineering, and technology services and solutions, today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2008, which ended July 31, 2007.
"The company posted strong financial results for the second quarter. We met all of our financial objectives and are on track for an excellent year," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "Our employees are aligned with and executing the plan that we described at the time of our initial public offering to accelerate revenue growth, improve margins, and deploy our capital wisely."
During the quarter, the company completed a reorganization transaction resulting in the disposition of its 55 percent interest in the consolidated joint venture, AMSEC LLC. In exchange for its 55 percent interest in the joint venture, the company received certain divisions of AMSEC that have been integrated into the company. The results from the portion of the business disposed of in this reorganization transaction are reflected in discontinued operations.
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.2 billion, up 11 percent from $2.0 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 8 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter. Key drivers of internal growth include the start-up of the global positioning system contract, increased sales of border and port security and emergency responder equipment, and greater activity in our system engineering and integration business.
Operating income for the quarter was $173 million (7.8 percent of revenue), up 15 percent from $151 million (7.6 percent of revenue) in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007. Operating income benefited from increased profitability of $12 million on many cost reimbursable contracts as a result of improved management of prior year indirect cost overruns, increased sales of highly profitable border and port security products, improved fees on several large programs, and continued efforts to streamline administrative and management activities. Operating improvement came despite increased spending on business development and internal research and development and an $8 million expense to remediate data security lapses on a customer contract.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $99 million, down 1 percent from $100 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007. The decrease in income from continuing operations despite the $22 million increase in operating income primarily results from a $19 million decrease in interest income due to the payment of the $2.45 billion special dividend in November 2006.
 
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.24, down 17 percent from $0.29 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007, driven by the higher share count compared to the prior year. The diluted share count for the quarter was 418 million, up 22 percent from 342 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007 as a result of the 86.25 million shares issued in the October 2006 IPO.
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.31 for the quarter, up 3 percent from $0.30 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007, primarily as a result of the $31 million pre-tax gain in discontinued operations on the portion of the business disposed of in the AMSEC reorganization transaction.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
The company generated $257 million in cash flow from operations during the quarter, up 22 percent from $211 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2007. The increase in cash flow from operations is in part due to decreases during the quarter in days sales outstanding from 73 to 64 days.
During the quarter, the company used a total of $78 million to repurchase 3.6 million shares under the stock repurchase program and .7 million shares in privately negotiated transactions or other recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events.
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "In the second quarter, our core business showed improved profitability and excellent cash flow. We are also pleased with our discipline in deploying cash flow wisely to improve shareholder value, both through increased share repurchases during the quarter and the Benham acquisition at the beginning of the third quarter."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $1.9 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.9. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
The largest competitive definite delivery contract received during the quarter was:
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in the bookings total. Notable IDIQ awards during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2008 was $14.1 billion, of which $4.5 billion was funded. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $9.6 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
 
Forward Guidance
The company is reaffirming its guidance for fiscal year 2008 revenue, diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations and cash flow from operations, which is shown in the table below, originally given on December 12, 2006 and subsequently reaffirmed on April 11, 2007 and June 6, 2007. Our EPS guidance assumes no share repurchases under our share repurchase program after July 31, 2007.
 
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future sales, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flow. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our
 
ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2007, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of September 6, 2007. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20070906160815.txt.gz
TIME:20070906160815
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 6, 2007, the company announced that Lawrence B. Prior has been promoted to Chief Operating Officer, effective October 1, 2007. Mr. Prior, age 51, has served as the company's President of the Intelligence, Security, and Technology Group since February 2005. He joined the company in September 2004 and served as Senior Vice President, Federal Business until February 2005. Prior to joining the company, from 2000 until 2004, Mr. Prior served as Chief Financial Officer and then President and Chief Executive Officer of LightPointe Communications, Inc. Mr. Prior's business experience is more fully described in the press release included in this Current Report on Form 8-K.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, Va.) September 6, 2007  Science Applications International Corporation [NYSE: SAI] announced today that Lawrence B. Prior III, president of SAIC's Intelligence, Security and Technology Group, is the company's new chief operating officer, effective October 1, 2007.
"Larry has the broad background of business success needed for the job, and the enormous head start afforded by his knowledge of our culture and his leadership of our largest group. Larry knows how to help SAIC succeed," Chairman and CEO Ken Dahlberg said. "He will keep our focus on business fundamentals and execution as we accelerate revenue growth, improve margins, and deploy our capital wisely  the goals we set out in our initial public offering."
In accepting the position, Prior said, "I look forward to working with Ken and the SAIC leadership team to improve the company's operational performance. My priorities are clear. We will strive to improve both top- and bottom-line growth as we cut overhead costs and improve margins as we enter new markets and increase our share in the existing markets we serve. We can only accomplish these goals with a continued commitment to our talented employee owners. We will continue to focus on recruiting, retaining and growing this talented team of 44,000 employees that is so critical to delivering innovative solutions to our customers.
"I share the passion and commitment our group presidents and general managers have to provide the mission-critical science, engineering and operational acumen so essential to solving the great challenges of the future," Prior said.
Prior has a strong background in financial controls and functions. Most recently at SAIC, he has taken leadership roles in connection with the company's initial public offering (IPO), global acquisition activity, and establishment of strategic alliances. Prior's signature is his intense focus on the details of business fundamentals and execution. Under his leadership since 2004, the Intelligence, Security and Technology Group experienced considerable growth, while consistently improving revenue and profitability per employee.
Before joining SAIC, Prior was chief executive officer for LightPointe Communications, where he previously held the position of chief financial officer. Prior has also served as president and chief operating officer for San Diego-based High Technology Solutions, as well as chief administrative officer for the County of San Diego, Calif.  the nation's fourth largest  where he led a financial turnaround that earned him an induction into the San Diego County Taxpayers Association Hall of Fame.
In addition, Prior has held various executive positions with TRW, both as a general manager and vice president of Business Development. Earlier in his career, Prior worked in Washington, D.C., as a professional staff member on the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and was an intelligence officer in the U.S. Marine Corps.
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $8.3 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2007.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Statements in this announcement other than historical data and information constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be very different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2007, and such other filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20071001141434.txt.gz
TIME:20071001141434
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 1, 2007, the company announced that K. Stuart Shea has been promoted to Group President of the Intelligence, Security, and Technology Group, effective October 1, 2007. Mr. Shea, age 50, has served as the company's Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Space and Geospatial Intelligence business unit since he joined the company in October 2005. Prior to joining the company, from 1999 until 2005, Mr. Shea served as Vice President of TASC, Inc., a business unit of Northrop Grumman Corporation, as Director, Space & Intelligence. Mr. Shea's business experience is more fully described in the press release included in this Current Report on Form 8-K.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
K. Stuart Shea to Head SAIC's Intelligence Group
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, Va.) Oct. 1, 2007Science Applications International Corporation (NYSE: SAI) announced today that K. Stuart Shea, senior vice president and general manager of SAIC's Space and Geospatial Intelligence Business Unit, will become president of SAIC's Intelligence, Security and Technology (IST) Group effective today.
The Group, one of four at SAIC, provides technology services and products for customers across the full spectrum of national security programs, including imagery and signals intelligence; in operational intelligence; in space; in civil and national security; and in intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance technologies.
"Stu Shea is both an outstanding business leader, and recognized expert on the vital role of intelligence and technology in the protection of U.S. interests," said Chairman and CEO Ken Dahlberg in announcing Shea's promotion. "Stu has succeeded in growing business at SAIC by taking on tasks vital to the nation. He will now take that leadership to the next level as a group president. Stu is an example of our leadership bench strength. His appointment will enable a seamless and swift transition."
Shea, 50, succeeds Lawrence B. Prior III as group president. Prior, who formerly headed the ITS Group, was promoted to chief operating officer, also effective October 1.
 
"It is a privilege to lead the men and women of the Intelligence, Security and Technology Group. At SAIC, the kind of work we do for our customers enables us to make a difference for our nation. That's what gives us a passion for our mission," Shea said.
Shea joined SAIC in 2005. He is the founder and chairman of the board for the United States Geospatial Intelligence Foundation (USGIF) and the GEOINT Symposium. Previously, he served as vice president and executive director for the TASC, Inc., Space and Intelligence Business Unit with Northrop Grumman Corporation's Information Technology Sector.
He is a former national director of the Cartography and Geographic Information Society, was awarded the distinction of Fellow with the American Congress on Surveying and Mapping Shea received a Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York at Albany and his Master of Arts degree from the University of Kansas. In addition, he is a graduate of numerous Executive Education programs.
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With more than 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $8.3 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2007.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Statements in this announcement other than historical data and information constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements or industry results to be very different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2007, and such other filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20071009070159.txt.gz
TIME:20071009070159
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
SAIC Institutional Investor Conference
SAIC, Inc. will host today, October 9, 2007, its first Institutional Investor Conference (Conference) at its campus in McLean, Virginia. Several senior executives of the company will make presentations at the Conference and will discuss the company's financial performance and strategies for the future. Interested parties can listen to the presentations through a live Webcast on the company Web site, www.saic.com, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Eastern time today, October 9, 2007.
During the Conference, the company will reaffirm its fiscal year 2008 financial guidance originally given on December 12, 2006 and subsequently reaffirmed on April 11, 2007, June 6, 2007 and September 6, 2007. The company continues to expect fiscal year 2008 revenues between $8.7 and $9.0 billion, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (EPS) between $0.83 and $0.88, and cash flow from operations of $450 million or greater. The company's EPS guidance assumes no share repurchases under the company's share repurchase program after July 31, 2007.
Charts to be used in the presentations made by the company's senior executives at the Conference are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1.
Also, certain unaudited historical financial statement schedules will be presented at the Conference and are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.2. In July 2007 the company completed a reorganization transaction resulting in the disposition of the company's 55% interest in AMSEC LLC (AMSEC). Before the reorganization transaction was completed, AMSEC was owned 55% by the company and 45% by Northrop Grumman Corporation, and AMSEC's results were reported as a consolidated subsidiary of the company. In the reorganization transaction, certain divisions of AMSEC were distributed to the company in exchange for the company's 55% interest in AMSEC. The attached unaudited historical financial statement schedules reflect as discontinued operations the results of operations and cash flows of the portion of the AMSEC business retained by Northrop Grumman Corporation following completion of the reorganization transaction. In addition, Exhibit 99.2 sets forth historical backlog and bookings data which excludes the portion of the AMSEC business retained by Northrop Grumman Corporation following the reorganization transaction.
Certain statements made in the charts attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 or by executives at the Conference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the company's actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2007, and other filings that the company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to
 
these uncertainties and risks, readers of this Current Report on Form 8-K and persons who view these presentations are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of October 9, 2007. The company disclaims any duty to update guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in the attachment to this Current Report on Form 8-K or in the presentations made by company executives at the Conference to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations.
The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Exchange Act. Furthermore, the information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Exhibits attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement of the company or other document filed by the company pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


Exhibit 99.2
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20071012163946.txt.gz
TIME:20071012163946
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On October 12, 2007, Kenneth C. Dahlberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SAIC, Inc. (Company), adopted a stock option exercise plan in order to facilitate the exercise of options to purchase up to approximately 675,000 shares of class A preferred stock of the Company. No shares of Company stock resulting from the exercise of these options are presently contemplated to be sold by Mr. Dahlberg in open market transactions at or immediately following any such exercise  after options are exercised in the manner contemplated under the stock option exercise plan, Mr. Dahlberg will own more shares of Company stock as a consequence of exercising options in this manner.
Under the stock option exercise plan, these options will be exercised by Mr. Dahlberg at pre-arranged dates through July 2008 if certain conditions are met. Payment of the exercise price of these options will be made by Mr. Dahlberg through delivery of shares of class A preferred stock and common stock of the Company (collectively, "Stock") owned by him having a fair market value equal to the exercise price, and the applicable withholding taxes will be satisfied through withholding of shares of Stock having a fair market value equal to the amount of the statutory withholding obligation. All option holders under the Science Applications International Corporation 1999 Stock Incentive Plan (the plan under which these options were granted to Mr. Dahlberg) generally may exercise options through delivery of shares of Stock and satisfy withholding tax obligations through withholding shares of Stock.
Although Mr. Dahlberg is not selling any shares of Stock in open market transactions, the delivery by Mr. Dahlberg of shares of Stock to pay the exercise price of these options and the withholding of shares of Stock to satisfy applicable withholding taxes will be considered dispositions of those shares that will be reported on a Form 4 (Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership of Securities) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the time these options are exercised.
Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake to report any similar stock option exercise plans or stock trading plans by other officers or directors, or to report modifications or terminations of any publicly announced plans, including Mr. Dahlberg's stock option exercise plan.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20071114171608.txt.gz
TIME:20071114171608
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On November 9, 2007, SAIC, Inc. (the "Company") notified the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") that it did not disclose the following information, which is required by Sections 303A.03, .09, .l0 and .12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, in the Company's first annual proxy statement or annual report to stockholders since its shares of common stock were originally listed for trading on the NYSE in October 2006. The Company is providing the previously omitted disclosure in this Form 8-K.In addition the Company has advised the NYSE that it will disclose this information in future proxy statements and annual reports to stockholders unless proposed changes to Section 303A that would eliminate the requirements to disclose this information in these documents become effective or the disclosure is otherwise no longer required by the NYSE.
,
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20071210162033.txt.gz
TIME:20071210162033
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 10, 2007, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the third quarter ended October 31, 2007. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  December 10, 2007  SAIC, Inc. [NYSE: SAI], a leading provider of research, engineering, and technology services and solutions, today announced financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2008, which ended October 31, 2007.
"During the third quarter, we posted strong financial results and are on track for an excellent year," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "Our employees are providing critical services and solutions for our customers' most important missions. Their dedicated efforts are driving accelerated revenue growth and winning significant new business to fuel future growth. In addition, our improved discipline around bidding and executing work and our focus on managing indirect spending are enhancing our profitability."
During the quarter, the company completed the acquisitions of Benham Investment Holdings, LLC (Benham) and Scicom Technologies Private Limited (Scicom). Benham offers a full range of capabilities in consulting, engineering, architecture and design/build, including specialized expertise in energy management, alternative fuels, process engineering, industrial manufacturing, facilities, software development and integration, and advanced visualization and communication systems. Scicom, headquartered in New Delhi, India, provides onsite and offshore hydrocarbon exploration product development services and technology consulting in the science and engineering sector.
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.37 billion, up 14 percent from $2.08 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 8 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter. Key drivers of internal growth included new and expanding programs in the defense and intelligence markets and increased sales of border, port, and mobile security products.
Operating income for the quarter was $186 million (7.9 percent of revenue), up 32 percent from $141 million (6.8 percent of revenue) in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007. Operating income benefited from increased sales of more profitable border, port, and mobile security products; improved fees on several large programs; and stronger overall recovery of indirect costs.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $109 million, up 21 percent from $90 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007. The increase in income from continuing operations came despite a $21 million decrease in interest income due primarily to reduced cash balances resulting from the payment of the $2.45 billion special dividend in November 2006.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.26, unchanged from the third quarter of fiscal year 2007, despite the higher share count compared to the prior year. The diluted share count for the quarter was 414 million, up 19 percent from 347 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007 as a result of the 86 million shares issued in the October 2006 IPO.
 
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.25 for the quarter, down 11 percent from $0.28 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007. The fiscal year 2007 quarter included the $19 million pre-tax gain arising from the sale of ANX, a majority-owned subsidiary, during the third quarter of fiscal year 2007.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
The company generated $95 million in cash flow from operations during the quarter, down 54 percent from $207 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007. Cash flow from operations tracked consistent with net income; the decrease in cash flow from operations is largely attributable to the increased working capital needed to support the acceleration of revenue growth in the current quarter coupled with an increase in day sales outstanding for the quarter from 64 days to 70 days.
During the quarter, the company used a total of $98 million to repurchase 4.7 million shares under the stock repurchase program and 0.9 million shares in privately negotiated transactions or other recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events.
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $3.9 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.6. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contracts received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in the bookings total. Notable IDIQ awards during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2008 was $15.8 billion, of which $5.4 billion was funded. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.4 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
The company initiated guidance for fiscal year 2008 on December 12, 2006, and subsequently reaffirmed this guidance, most recently on October 9, 2007. The company currently expects the following for fiscal 2008:
 
 
 
 
Over the coming years, the company expects to continue the progress shown in fiscal year 2008, including continued focus on improving internal growth, making strategic acquisitions, improving profitability, generating strong cash flows, and effectively deploying cash for total shareholder return over the long term. The company's long-term outlook remains consistent with the financial goals articulated as part of the initial public offering:
 
 
 
 
Unless there are significant diversions of government funding as a result of unanticipated delays to supplemental war appropriations, the Company's expectations for fiscal year 2009 are consistent with these goals.
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With approximately 44,000 employees in more than 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future sales, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flow. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business,
 
please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of December 10, 2007. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis 703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20080207114523.txt.gz
TIME:20080207114523
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Election of Director
(d) On February 3, 2008, Dr. France A. Crdova accepted an invitation to be a director of SAIC, Inc. (the "Company") with her election effective on February 21, 2008, to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors.
Dr. Crdova has served as the President of Purdue University since July 2007. Prior to joining Purdue University, she served as Chancellor of University of California Riverside from 2002 to 2007. From August 1996 to July 2002, Dr. Crdova was Vice Chancellor for Research and Professor of Physics at University of California Santa Barbara. She served as Chief Scientist of National Aeronautics and Space Administration from 1993 to 1996, and headed the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics at Pennsylvania State University from 1989 to 1993. Dr. Crdova is a member of the board of directors of Edison International.
In connection with her election, Dr. Crdova will be entitled to receive the standard remuneration provided to the Company's non-management directors and (i) an inducement stock grant consisting of 3,000 shares of the Company's class A preferred stock, and (ii) equity grants with an aggregate value of $160,000, split between options to purchase shares of the Corporation's common stock (one-third of the value) and restricted shares of the Corporation's class A preferred stock (two-thirds of the value). The standard remuneration includes (i) an annual cash retainer in the amount of $50,000, (ii) fees of $1,500 for each meeting of the Board that she attends and $2,000 for each meeting of any committee of which she is a member that she attends, and (iii) an annual grant of options and shares of restricted stock. Dr. Crdova will serve on the Compensation Committee and the Ethics and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors.
A copy of the press release, dated February 7, 2008, announcing the election of Dr. Crdova to the Board is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
 
(d) Exhibits.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
DR. FRANCE A. CRDOVA ELECTED TO SAIC BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(SAN DIEGO and McLEAN, Va.) February 7, 2008 SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI) announced today that Dr. France A. Crdova, president of Purdue University and an internationally recognized astrophysicist, has been elected as a member of the SAIC board of directors effective Feb. 21, 2008. She will serve on the Compensation Committee and the Ethics and Corporate Responsibility Committee.
Crdova became the eleventh president of Purdue University in July 2007. Prior to joining Purdue, she served as chancellor at the University of California, Riverside, from 2002 to 2007. Crdova has also served as professor of physics and vice chancellor for research at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
From 1993 to 1996, she was chief scientist at the National Aeronautics Space Administration (NASA), serving as the primary scientific advisor to the NASA administrator and the principal interface between NASA headquarters and the broader scientific community. In 1997, Ms. Crdova was named one of Hispanic Business magazine's "100 Most Influential Hispanics" and in 2002 was named one of its "80 Elite Hispanic Women."
Crdova graduated from Stanford University with a B.A. in English and from the California Institute of Technology with a Ph.D. in physics.
"I am honored by this opportunity to work with a company that plays an important role in our nation's security," Crdova said. "I hope my experience as a staff member and advisor to federal laboratories, as well as my advocacy for the role of higher education in informing all aspects of public policy, will serve the SAIC board well."
"Dr. Crdova's record of achievement as a scientist and academic leader makes her an outstanding addition to our board," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "We look forward to her contributions."
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With approximately 44,000 employees in more than 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions. SAIC had annual revenues of $8.3 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2007.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2007, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20080325160713.txt.gz
TIME:20080325160713
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 25, 2008, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 31, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
On March 21, 2008, the Board of Directors approved the holding of our 2008 Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Friday, May 30, 2008 at 1:00 p.m. (local time) at the SAIC Conference Center, 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia. Matters to be presented to stockholders for approval at the Annual Meeting will include election of directors, the ratification of the Company's independent registered public accountants for Fiscal 2009 and other matters that will be set forth and described in a notice of meeting, proxy statement and form of proxy to be distributed to stockholders in advance of the Annual Meeting.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  March 25, 2008  SAIC, Inc. [NYSE: SAI], a leading provider of research, engineering, and technology services and solutions, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2008, which ended January 31, 2008.
"As we enter our 40
th
year, our company is stronger than ever," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "This year we accelerated revenue growth, significantly expanded our operating margins, and built a strong foundation for continued growth. Our success is a testament to our employees and their dedication to solving our customers' most critical global problems."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.34 billion, up 12 percent from $2.09 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007. Revenues for the year were $8.94 billion, up 11 percent from $8.06 billion in fiscal year 2007. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 9 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter and 7 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the fiscal year. Key drivers of internal growth for the quarter included new and expanding programs in the intelligence and defense markets.
Operating income for the quarter was $171 million (7.3 percent of revenue), up 20 percent from $142 million (6.8 percent of revenue) in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007. Growth in quarterly operating margin percentage was driven by stronger program performance, improved contract fees, and greater recovery of indirect costs. Full-year operating income was $666 million (7.5 percent of revenue), up 16 percent from $572 million (7.1 percent of revenue) in fiscal year 2007.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $103 million, up 23 percent from $84 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007. Full-year income from continuing operations was $386 million, up 6 percent from $365 million in fiscal year 2007. Full-year income from continuing operations was up less than full-year operating income because of a $60 million decline in interest income due primarily to lower fiscal year 2008 cash balances after paying the $2.45 billion special dividend in November 2006.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.25, up 25 percent from $0.20 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007. The diluted share count for the quarter was 416 million, down 1 percent from 420 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007, due primarily to share repurchases made throughout the year. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $0.93, down 7 percent from $1.00 in fiscal year 2007, as the diluted share count increased from 364 million to 417 million as a result of the 86 million shares issued in the October 2006 initial public offering (IPO).
 
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.24 for the quarter, up 20 percent from $0.20 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007. Diluted earnings per share for the year were $1.00, down 7 percent from $1.07 in fiscal year 2007. Discontinued operations include: the divisions of the former majority-owned subsidiary AMSEC LLC, which were divested in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008; the majority-owned subsidiary ANXeBusiness Corp., which was sold in the third quarter of fiscal year 2007; and Telcordia Technologies, Inc., which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $122 million, down 39 percent from $199 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007. Cash flow from operations was below the company's expectation due to a three-day increase in days sales outstanding to 73 days, coupled with increased working capital needs to support revenue growth acceleration. For the year, cash flow from operations was $345 million, down 50 percent from $693 million in fiscal year 2007. As of January 31, 2008, the company had $1.1 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.2 billion in long-term debt. On February 1, 2008, the first day of fiscal year 2009, the company repaid $100 million of long-term debt, as scheduled.
During the quarter the company used $39 million to repurchase 2.0 million shares, including 1.3 million shares under the 40 million share stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Given the share repurchase activity since the program's inception in December 2006, the SAIC Board of Directors recently increased the authorized amount for future repurchases under the program back to 40 million shares. Whether any future repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, and other market conditions.
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "In fiscal year 2008, our core business showed strong growth and improved profitability. Although cash flow did not meet our expectations, our overall ability to produce cash flow remains strong, and we are committed to driving down DSOs and deploying cash flow and other capital wisely to strengthen our company and increase its value."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $1.5 billion in the fourth quarter and $8.8 billion for the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.7 and 1.0 for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, respectively. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contracts received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in the bookings total. The most notable IDIQ award during the quarter was:
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of fiscal year 2008 was $15.0 billion, of which $5.1 billion was funded. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.0 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
The company continues to expect that its long-term outlook will remain consistent with the financial goals articulated as part of the IPO:
 
 
 
 
 
The company expects its revenue and operating margin performance to be consistent with its long-term goals in fiscal year 2009. However, the company expects that recent reductions in market interest rates will reduce interest income significantly, which could cause the company to fall short of achieving the long-term EPS growth rate goal in fiscal year 2009.
About SAIC
SAIC is a leading provider of scientific, engineering, systems integration and technical services and solutions to all branches of the U.S. military, agencies of the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and other U.S. Government civil agencies, as well as to customers in selected commercial markets. With about 44,000 employees in over 150 cities worldwide, SAIC engineers and scientists solve complex technical challenges requiring innovative solutions for customers' mission-critical functions.
SAIC: FROM SCIENCE TO SOLUTIONS
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future sales, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of March 25, 2008. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
External Communications:
Laura Luke
703-676-6533
laura.luke@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20080424170644.txt.gz
TIME:20080424170644
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Approval of Short-Term Incentive Plan for Executive Management for the Fiscal Year ending January 31, 2009
(e) On April 21, 2008, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors finalized and approved certain performance goals and targets applicable to cash incentive awards that the Company's executive officers are eligible to earn for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2009 ("Fiscal 2009") under the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the "2006 Plan"). Target bonuses for executive officers are based primarily on the achievement of certain objectively determinable financial, operational and retention goals and, to a lesser extent, based on other individual performance goals. The target bonus amounts vary among executive officers depending on the executive officer's position with the Company.
For the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other members of senior corporate management, 80% of the total target award will be determined according to the Company's achievement of the following financial performance goals for Fiscal 2009, as measured against the Company's financial plan: 35% will depend upon the Company's revenue, 35% will depend upon the Company's operating income, 30% will depend upon average quarter-end days working capital. For the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President for Human Resources, the remaining 20% of the total target award will be based 50% upon the achievement of certain employee retention targets and 50% upon individual performance objectives. For other senior corporate executives, the remaining 20% of the total target award will be based entirely upon the achievement of individual performance objectives.
For the Company's Group Presidents, 30% of the total target award will be determined according to the Company's achievement of the financial performance goals set forth above. Another 50% of the total target award will be determined according to his or her respective group's achievement of the following financial performance goals for Fiscal 2009, as measured against the Company's financial plan: 35% will depend upon the particular group's revenue, 35% will depend upon the particular group's profit before taxes and 30% will depend upon average quarter-end days working capital. The remaining 20% of the total target award will be based 50% upon the achievement of certain employee retention targets and 50% upon individual performance objectives.
Actual amounts payable under the 2006 Plan for Fiscal 2009 can range from 0 to 150% of the target amount for all measurements other than retention, and from 0% to 200% for the retention measurements, and are based upon the extent to which performance under each of the foregoing criteria meets, exceeds or is below target.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20080603162422.txt.gz
TIME:20080603162422
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 3, 2008, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first quarter ended April 30, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

EXHIBIT 99.1
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  June 3, 2008  SAIC, Inc. [NYSE: SAI], a leading provider of research, engineering, and technology services and solutions, today announced financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, which ended April 30, 2008.
"I am pleased that our company has started the new fiscal year with such strong performance," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "Revenue, profitability, and cash flow from operations all improved substantially compared to last year. Our dedicated employees continue to win new contracts and help solve some of the world's most critical problems in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. Based on our view of the funding environment, we believe that we are well positioned to achieve our financial goals for fiscal year 2009."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.37 billion, up 18 percent from $2.01 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 14 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter. Key drivers of internal growth for the quarter included new and expanding programs in the intelligence and defense markets, including systems integration and logistics support activities for mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles.
Operating income for the quarter was $173 million (7.3 percent of revenue), up 27 percent from $136 million (6.8 percent of revenue) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008. Growth in quarterly operating margin percentage was driven by improved contract fees rates and relatively stable overhead costs more efficiently absorbed over a higher revenue base.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $104 million, up 39 percent from $75 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008. In addition to the increase in operating income, income from continuing operations benefited by $8 million from other income, including income from joint venture activities and a gain on the sale of two venture capital portfolio investments.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.25, up 39 percent from $0.18 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year. The diluted share count for the quarter was 413 million, down 1 percent from 418 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, due primarily to share repurchases made over the course of fiscal year 2008 and continuing into the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.24 for the quarter, up 26 percent from $0.19 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2008.
 
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $13 million, compared to a use of $129 million of cash flow in support of operations during the first quarter of fiscal year 2008. The year-over-year cash flow improvement was driven by maintaining days sales outstanding (DSO) for the quarter at 73 days and returning to more normative payables performance. In general, cash flow from operations is lowest in the first quarter as the company pays its annual bonuses in this period.
During the quarter the company used $135 million to fund the acquisition of Icon Systems, Inc. and repaid at maturity $100 million of 6.75% notes payable. In addition, the company used $259 million to repurchase approximately 14 million shares, including 12 million shares under the 40 million share stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Whether any future repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors, including share price, corporate capital requirements, and other market conditions. As of April 30, 2008, the company had $662 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "Our core business continued its strong momentum with superb top-line growth, significant new business wins, growing profitability, and well-managed working capital. Importantly, we deployed significant amounts of cash in share repurchases and the Icon Systems acquisition to better balance our capital structure and improve shareholder value."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $2.5 billion in the first quarter of the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contracts received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in the bookings total. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of first quarter of fiscal year 2009 was $15.1 billion, of which $5.4 billion was funded. Compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, total backlog increased 5 percent and funded backlog increased 15 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $9.7 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
In its March 25, 2008 earnings press release, the company warned that despite strong expected operating performance, reductions in market interest rates could cause the company to fall short of its long-term EPS growth rate goal in fiscal year 2009. Given the company's strong operating performance in the first quarter, recent contract wins, and significant share repurchases, the company now expects to achieve all of its long-term financial goals in fiscal year 2009:
 
 
 
 
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 44,000 employees serve customers in the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $8.9 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2008. For more information, visit www.saic.com.
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of June 3, 2008. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20080813163615.txt.gz
TIME:20080813163615
EVENTS:	Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review
TEXT:
ITEM: Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 4.02(a) Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review.
Management of SAIC, Inc. (Company) has determined that the Company underpaid income taxes by approximately $27 million due to a previously undetected transcription error made in the determination of taxes owed from the March 2006 sale of the Company's subsidiary, Telcordia Technologies, Inc. (Telcordia). The error resulted in certain misstatements in the Company's previously issued consolidated financial statements. These misstatements relate to accounting for the sale of Telcordia, which is presented as part of discontinued operations in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the 2005 fiscal year and for all subsequent quarterly and annual periods. Since it affects only discontinued operations, the error does not impact the Company's results from continuing operations in fiscal years 2005 through 2008 or in the current 2009 fiscal year. The expected impact of the error on the Company's results from discontinued operations for the current fiscal year 2009 is that approximately $2 million in interest expense will be reflected in the Company's results from discontinued operations for interest on the unpaid taxes.
Although the error impacts results from discontinued operations principally for the 2005 fiscal year, it also affects balances in equity, taxes payable and results of discontinued operations in fiscal years 2006 through 2008 and in the Company's first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Based on management's recommendation, on August 8, 2008, the Company's Audit Committee concluded that it is appropriate to restate the consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2006 through 2008 that are included in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2008 and to restate the consolidated financial statements for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009 included in the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to properly reflect the impacts of the error in the proper periods. Accordingly, the Company's consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2006 through 2008 (and the related reports of Deloitte & Touche LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm) and for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009 should no longer be relied upon. The Company expects to complete the restatement of those financial statements and to file them with the Securities and Exchange Commission on amended Forms 10-K and 10-Q in early September 2008 and no later than the date on which the Company files its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009. These matters have been discussed by management and the Audit Committee with Deloitte & Touche LLP.
In the Company's consolidated financial statements to be included in the amended Forms 10-K and 10-Q, it is expected that income taxes payable will be increased by approximately $27 million due to the error plus the appropriate amount of interest for each fiscal year from 2006 through 2008 and for the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. In addition, the appropriate amount of interest will be recorded in each subsequent period until the taxes are paid to the Internal Revenue Service and appropriate state taxing authorities. The underpaid income taxes and related interest are expected to be paid in the third or fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009. The error relating to the unpaid income taxes was recently discovered by Company personnel following an inquiry made during a routine Internal Revenue Service audit of the Company's 2005 and 2006 federal income tax returns. After this discovery, the Company conducted an internal review of the events relating to the error, including interviews of personnel and outside advisers involved at the time, and based on the review believes the error was unintentional in nature. As such, the Company expects that it will not be assessed any penalties in connection with this underpayment of income taxes. The internal review confirmed that the error was not identified by the personnel involved in the calculation of taxes at the time or through internal controls in place at the time when the financial statements were prepared in fiscal year 2005. The error principally involved transcribing incorrect amounts from prior tax returns in the calculation of Telcordia's tax basis used in the determination of the taxable gain on the sale of Telcordia, resulting in an overstatement of tax basis and underpayment of taxes.
The principal effects of the error and two other corrections related to the calculation of the gain on the sale of Telcordia on the Company's consolidated financial statements are as follows:
 
 
 
 
The following tables illustrate the estimated effects of the error and two other corrections related to the calculation of the gain on the sale of Telcordia on the Company's consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended January 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008 and as of and for the three months ended April 30, 2008:
 
 
 
 
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the Company's actual results, performance or results to be materially different from any future results, performance, or results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2008, and other filings that the Company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to these uncertainties and risks, readers of this Current Report on Form 8-K are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of August 13, 2008. The Company disclaims any duty to update any forward-looking statement in this Current Report on Form 8-K to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20080903160522.txt.gz
TIME:20080903160522
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 3, 2008, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the second quarter ended July 31, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  September 3, 2008  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a leading provider of research, engineering, and technology services and solutions, today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009, which ended July 31, 2008.
"Our company continued its strong operating momentum in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "Internal revenue growth, contract execution, and cash collections were all excellent. Our employees' dedicated work is delivering excellent contract execution and critical support to our customers. Our growing labor base and improving business discipline gives us increasing confidence that we can achieve our financial goals for fiscal year 2009."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.56 billion, up 15 percent from $2.22 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 10 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter. Key drivers of internal growth for the quarter included new and expanding programs in the intelligence and defense markets, including systems integration and logistics support activities for mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles.
Operating income for the quarter was $186 million (7.3 percent of revenue), up 8 percent from $173 million (7.8 percent of revenue) in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008. Contract fees were slightly higher year-over-year, but operating income was reduced by $6 million as a result of the civil judgment in favor of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, most of which is not deductible for tax purposes, and $3 million due to severance costs associated with efforts to reduce infrastructure in the commercial business segment and preparations to move certain corporate support functions to a shared services center.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $104 million, up 5 percent from $99 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.26, up 8 percent from $0.24 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year. The diluted share count for the quarter was 403 million, down 4 percent from 418 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008, due primarily to share repurchases made over the course of fiscal year 2008 and continuing into the second quarter of fiscal year 2009.
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.27 for the quarter, down 13 percent from $0.31 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008, which included a $31 million pre-tax gain in discontinued operations on the portion of the business disposed in the AMSEC reorganization transaction.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $229 million (or 2.2 times income from continuing operations), down 11 percent from $257 million during the second quarter of fiscal year 2008. The strong cash collections were driven primarily by the improvement in days sales outstanding (DSO) from 73 days in the first quarter of fiscal 2009 to 66 days in the second quarter of fiscal 2009. The year-over-year decline in cash flow from operations primarily results from an exceptional reduction in DSOfrom 73 days to 64 daysin the second quarter of fiscal year 2008.
During the quarter, the company used $65 million to fund the acquisition of SM Consulting, Inc. In addition, the company used $157 million to repurchase approximately 8.0 million shares, including 7.3 million shares under the 40 million share stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Whether any future repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors, including share price, corporate capital requirements, and other market conditions. As of July 31, 2008, the company had $692 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "Our core business continues to execute well, not only in winning and executing important work but also collecting and efficiently deploying our cash on acquisitions and share repurchases. Despite the non-recurring charges we took in the second quarter, we still expect to attain our fiscal year 2009 operating margin improvement goal of 20-30 basis points through strong labor growth and utilization coupled with higher border and port security product deliveries expected in the second half of the year."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $3.3 billion in the second quarter of the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.3. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contracts received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in the bookings total. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2009 was $15.9 billion, of which $5.4 billion was funded. Compared to the second quarter of fiscal year 2008, total backlog increased 13 percent and funded backlog increased 20 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.5 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Given the company's strong operating results in the first half of the year, recent contract wins, and share repurchases to date, the company expects to achieve all of its long-term financial goals in fiscal year 2009:
 
 
 
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 44,000 employees serve customers in the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $8.9 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2008. For more information, visit www.saic.com.
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the
forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Forms 10-K and 10-K/A and quarterly report on Forms 10-Q and 10-Q/A, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of September 3, 2008. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
Media Relations:
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20081015070918.txt.gz
TIME:20081015070918
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SAIC Institutional Investor Conference
SAIC, Inc. (Company) will hold its second Institutional Investor Conference (Conference) in McLean, Virginia today, October 15, 2008. At the Conference, several senior executives of the Company will make presentations and discuss the Company's current performance and strategies for the future. Interested parties can listen to the presentations through a live audio webcast on the Company's web site, www.saic.com, beginning at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time today, October 15, 2008.
Charts to be used in the presentations made by the Company's senior executives at the Conference are attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1.
Certain statements made in the charts attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 99.1 or by executives at the Conference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2008, and other filings that the Company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to these uncertainties and risks, readers of this Current Report on Form 8-K and persons who view these presentations are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of October 15, 2008. The Company disclaims any duty to update guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in the Exhibit to this Current Report on Form 8-K or in the presentations made by Company executives at the Conference to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations.
The information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Exchange Act. Furthermore, the information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, including the Exhibit attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement of the Company or other document filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 



</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20081209161145.txt.gz
TIME:20081209161145
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 9, 2008, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the third quarter ended October 31, 2008. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  December 9, 2008  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2009, which ended October 31, 2008.
"We continue to deliver strong contract performance and financial results consistent with our plan," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "Our 45,000 employees are dedicated to solving our customers' hardest problems, which creates a powerful discriminator in the markets we serve. Our success in capturing larger and more demanding programs and recruiting and retaining the skilled workforce to execute them provide good visibility into fiscal year 2010."
During the quarter, the company decided to sell a small products business that was previously part of Applied Marine Technology, Inc. (AMTI), which was acquired in December 2006. AMTI's primary business, including services and solutions for the special warfare community and ground-based signals intelligence, continues to be core to the company's strategic intent. The results from the AMTI products business are reflected in discontinued operations.
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.63 billion, up 11 percent from $2.36 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 10 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter. Key drivers of internal growth for the quarter included new and expanding programs in the intelligence and defense markets, including systems integration and logistics support activities for mine resistant ambush protected (MRAP) vehicles.
Operating income for the quarter was $205 million (7.8 percent of revenue), up 8 percent from $189 million (8.0 percent of revenue) in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was primarily attributable to fewer shipments of higher margin border and port security products, lower recovery of prior year indirect cost over-runs, and a higher percentage of revenues from lower margin materials and subcontractor revenues compared to the third quarter of fiscal year 2008.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $118 million, up 7 percent from $110 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. Growth in income from continuing operations was driven by higher revenues and operating income, but it was adversely affected by a $7 million reduction in interest income net of interest expense and $16 million of impairments on several equity investments, partially offset by a lower tax rate as a result of the favorable settlement of certain income tax audits and the reenactment of the federal research tax credit in the third quarter of fiscal 2009.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.29, up 7 percent from $0.27 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year. The diluted share count for the quarter was 402 million, down 3 percent from 414 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008, due primarily to repurchases under the company's stock repurchase program. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.30 for the quarter, up 20 percent from $0.25 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flows from operations for the quarter were $186 million (or 1.6 times income from continuing operations), up 92 percent from $97 million for the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. Cash collections continued to be strong as days sales outstanding (DSO) were 69 days, within the company's target range. The year-over-year increase in cash flows from operations primarily results from a 3-day larger rise in DSO in the third quarter of fiscal year 2008.
During the quarter, the company used $13 million to repurchase approximately 0.7 million shares, including 0.3 million shares under the company's stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Whether any future repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors, including share price, corporate capital requirements, and other market conditions. As of October 31, 2008, the company had $812 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "I am pleased that the hard work of the entire SAIC team is paying off in both strong current financial results and the forward indicators of new bookings and net hires. We are on track to meet all of our key financial metrics for the year, including revenue, operating margin, earnings per share, and cash flows from operations. We continue to use our cash prudently, through selected acquisitions and share repurchases. We are currently investing our cash conservatively, with correspondingly lower returns, in light of the uncertainty in the financial markets."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $3.8 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.5. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of third quarter of fiscal year 2009 was $17.2 billion, of which $5.7 billion was funded. As compared to the third quarter of fiscal year 2008, total backlog increased 9 percent and funded backlog increased 5 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $11.5 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
As part of its October 2006 initial public offering, the company articulated its long-term, average annual financial goals:
 
 
 
 
Given its operating results through the third quarter of the year, recent contract wins, and share repurchases to date, the company expects to meet all of its long-term financial goals in fiscal year 2009.
The company's business development and contract execution performance in fiscal year 2009, coupled with a healthy U.S. defense budget through October 2009, provide good visibility for fiscal year 2010. Unless there are significant, unanticipated disruptions in government funding, the company expects its revenue and operating margin performance to be consistent with its long-term goals in fiscal year 2010. The company is investing its cash balance primarily in U.S. Treasury securities, which will significantly reduce interest income and, as a result, make the EPS growth goal more difficult to achieve. However, the company intends to offset the shortfall by deploying its balance sheet and free cash flow generation on acquisitions and share repurchases if they can be made at attractive prices.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $8.9 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2008. For more information, visit www.saic.com.
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Forms 10-K and 10-K/A and quarterly report on Forms 10-Q and 10-Q/A, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of December 9, 2008. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
Media Relations:
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090325161453.txt.gz
TIME:20090325161453
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 25, 2009, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended January 31, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibits 99.1
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO, CA and MCLEAN, VA)  March 25, 2009  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2009, which ended January 31, 2009.
"I am extremely pleased that we have reached the $10 billion annual revenue milestone as we simultaneously celebrate our 40
th
year anniversary," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "This year we accelerated revenue growth and expanded our operating margins, while investing to build a strong foundation for our future. We believe that our scale and focus on innovative solutions that enable our customers to meet their missions are true differentiators that will continue to drive performance."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.52 billion, up 8 percent from $2.33 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008. Revenues for the year were $10.07 billion, up 13 percent from $8.93 billion in fiscal year 2008. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 7 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter and 10 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the fiscal year. Key drivers of internal growth included logistics, information collection and security, and defense information technology, which offset weakness in our commercial business.
Operating income for the quarter was $208 million (8.3 percent of revenue), up 21 percent from $172 million (7.4 percent of revenue) in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008. Growth in quarterly operating margin percentage was driven by improved contract performance, a more efficient indirect cost structure, more shipments of higher margin border and port security products, and the absence of facilities consolidation costs that were incurred in the prior year quarter. Full-year operating income was $776 million (7.7 percent of revenue), up 15 percent from $673 million (7.5 percent of revenue) in fiscal year 2008.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $119 million, up 14 percent from $104 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008. Income from continuing operations grew more slowly than operating income primarily because of an $8 million reduction in interest income net of interest expense and $13 million of impairments on several equity investments partially offset by a lower tax rate resulting from a number of adjustments and credits. Full-year income from continuing operations was $447 million, up 15 percent from $390 million in fiscal year 2008.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.30, up 20 percent from $0.25 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year
quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 402 million, down 3 percent from 416 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008, due primarily to share repurchases made throughout the year. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $1.10, up 17 percent from $0.94 in fiscal year 2008.
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.30 for the quarter, up 25 percent from $0.24 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008. Diluted earnings per share for the year were $1.12, up 12 percent from $1.00 in fiscal year 2008. Discontinued operations include: the divisions of the former majority-owned subsidiary AMSEC LLC, which were divested in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008; Telcordia Technologies, Inc., which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006; and the Applied Marine Technology, Inc. (AMTI) products business, which was sold subsequent to January 31, 2009.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $153 million (or 1.3 times income from continuing operations), up 28 percent from $120 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2008. Cash collections continued to be strong as days sales outstanding (DSO) were 68 days, an improvement of one day sequentially and five days year-over-year. For the year, cash flow from operations was $583 million, up 68 percent from $346 million in fiscal year 2008.
During the quarter, the company used $16 million to repurchase approximately 0.9 million shares including 0.5 million under the company's stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Whether any future repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors, including share price, corporate capital requirements, and other market conditions. As of January 31, 2009, the company had $936 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "In fiscal year 2009, we were able to post strong and balanced growth over the prior year and meet or exceed our three long-term financial targets for revenue growth, operating margin expansion, and earnings per share growth. Equally important in this market environment, effective working capital management generated strong operating and net cash flow, which has further built our financial strength heading into fiscal 2010. We believe that SAIC's conservative financial posture is a key differentiator during the current period of economic uncertainty as well as a major strategic asset."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $2.2 billion in the fourth quarter and $11.8 billion for the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.9 and 1.2 for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, respectively. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of fiscal year 2009 was $16.8 billion, of which $5.6 billion was funded. As compared to the end of fiscal year 2008, total backlog increased 12 percent and funded backlog increased 11 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $11.2 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
SAIC enters fiscal year 2010 with a healthy backlog and a strong market position. Absent unexpected disruptions in government funding, the company currently expects to achieve all of its long-term, average annual financial goals in fiscal year 2010:
 
 
 
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com.
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government audits of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-
looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Forms 10-K and 10-K/A and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of March 25, 2009. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
Media Relations:
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In this release, we refer to our internal revenue growth percentage, which may be considered a non-GAAP financial measure. We calculate our internal revenue growth percentage by comparing our reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to our prior year period reported revenue. We use internal revenue growth percentage to monitor and evaluate our performance, and it is presented in this release because we believe that it allows investors to understand the portion of our revenue growth that is attributed to acquired businesses as compared to our internal revenue growth. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that we use to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies. Internal revenue growth percentages for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2009 are calculated as follows:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090401133937.txt.gz
TIME:20090401133937
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) On March 26, 2009, our Human Resources and Compensation Committee approved a performance share award program under our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan applicable to our named executives officers and other select leaders who are in a position to have a significant impact on the achievement of financial goals established by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee and who provide the long-term strategic leadership necessary to accomplish those goals. The performance share awards will replace the time-vested restricted stock award component of our executive compensation program. Shares may be earned (if at all) based upon the Company's achievement relative to targets for cumulative growth in diluted earnings per share and cumulative growth in operating margin over a three year period from February 1, 2009 to January 31, 2012, with each measure weighted equally at 50%.
The Human Resources and Compensation Committee also adopted a form of performance share award agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of performance share awards to be made under the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan. This form of agreement is included as an exhibit to this report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
This Performance Share Award Agreement (this ""), effective as of the Grant Date (as defined below), is between SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), and Recipient (as defined below).
Agreement
Company
This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions applicable to the award granted to Recipient pursuant to the Award Letter (as defined below) representing a right to receive a number of shares of the Company's Common Stock or Class A Preferred Stock, as determined by the Committee, (the "") based on the extent, if any, to which the applicable Performance Goals (as defined below) have been achieved for the Performance Period (as defined below) (the "").
Shares
Performance Share Award
1. . The following terms shall have the meanings as defined below. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Company's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be amended from time to time, the "").
DEFINITIONS
Plan
"" means the award notice delivered to Recipient concurrently with this Agreement and which is hereby made a part hereof and incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
Award Letter
"" means the date on which the Committee makes a final determination of whether and to what extent the Performance Goals set forth in the Award Letter have been achieved for the Performance Period, as described in Section 3 hereof.
Determination Date
"" means an officer of the Company designated as such for purposes of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Executive Officer
"" means the effective date of the grant of the Performance Share Award as set forth in the Award Letter.
Grant Date
"" means a position of employment with the Company or an Affiliate that is not eligible to receive Performance Share Awards as determined by the Committee.
Ineligible Position
"" means the goals set forth in the Award Letter as established by the Committee to determine whether, and to what extent, the Performance Share Award shall be earned and therefore Shares shall be issued to Recipient after the Determination Date pursuant to this Agreement.
Performance Goals
"" means the period of three fiscal years from February 1, 20 to January 31, 20__.
Performance Period
    
"" means the status of disability determined conclusively by the Committee based upon certification of disability by the Social Security Administration or upon such other proof as the Committee may require, effective upon receipt of such certification or other proof by the Committee.
Permanent Disability
"" means the person granted a Performance Share Award as named in the Award Letter who is affiliated with the Company or an Affiliate as an employee.
Recipient
"" means Section 409A of the Code together with the regulations promulgated thereunder.
Section 409A
"" means the target number of Shares as set forth in the Award Letter.
Target Shares
"" means: (i) retirement by Recipient who is at least age 59
Special Retirement
 1
/
2
and has at least ten (10) years of service with the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) retirement by Recipient who is at least age 59
 1
/
2
and Recipient's age plus years of service with the Company or an Affiliate equals at least 70; or (iii) retirement after reaching age 65 by a Recipient who is an Executive Officer at retirement, regardless of years of service with the Company.
2. . Except in the event of death, Permanent Disability or Special Retirement as set forth below, the Performance Share Award shall be terminated automatically without compensation and no Shares shall be issued to Recipient pursuant to this Agreement if, prior to the end of the Performance Period, Recipient's employment with the Company or any Affiliate terminates, or if Recipient is an employee of an Affiliate and such entity ceases to be an Affiliate, whether by Committee action or otherwise, on the date such entity ceases to be an Affiliate.
PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARD SUBJECT TO TERMINATION
3. .
PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS
(a) . Following the end of the Performance Period, the Committee shall determine whether and the extent to which each of the Performance Goals have been achieved for the Performance Period and shall determine the number of Shares, if any, issuable to Recipient with respect to the level of achievement of each individual Performance Goal; that with respect to any Performance Share Award to a "covered employee" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall have certified the achievement of the Performance Goals. The aggregate number of Shares potentially issuable to Recipient with respect to all Performance Goals shall be between 0% and 150% (rounded down to the nearest whole Share) of the number of Target Shares. The Committee's determinations with respect to the achievement of Performance Goals shall be based on the Company's financial results reported in its annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC, subject to any adjustments made by the Committee in accordance with Section 3(c) below.
Performance Goals
provided
 
(b) . Notwithstanding satisfaction, achievement or completion of the Performance Goals set forth in the Award Letter (or any adjustments thereto as provided below), the number of Shares issuable hereunder may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee in its sole discretion shall determine.
Committee Discretion to Reduce Performance Share Award
(c) . To the extent it is intended that this Performance Share Award comply with the performance-based exception to Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee shall make no adjustment to the Performance Goals set forth in the Award Letter with respect to a "covered employee" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, including the performance targets or the method of calculating the actual performance achieved relative to the Performance Goals, except to exclude the impact of (i) changes in accounting standards or adoption of any new accounting standards in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, (ii) changes in federal statutory corporate tax rates, and (iii) extraordinary or unusual gains or losses, events or circumstances over which the Company has no or limited control, including the occurrence of any disaster, act of God or any other force majeure event.
Adjustment of Performance Goals
(d) . To the extent the Committee has determined that this Performance Share Award is intended to comply with the performance-based exception to Section 162(m) of the Code and the Recipient is a "covered employee" within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code, all actions taken hereunder (including without limitation any adjustments of Performance Goals or determination of whether a Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control has occurred) shall be made in a manner which would comply with Section 162(m) of the Code.
Section 162(m)
4. . Shares shall be issued, if and to the extent earned based on the achievement of the Performance Goals as determined by the Committee, promptly following the Determination Date; that it is intended that to the extent possible, the issuance of the Shares shall be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to the short-term deferral exception thereunder, and the Determination Date (and issuance of Shares hereunder) shall be within 2 and
ISSUANCE OF SHARES
provided
 1
/
2
months following the end of the Performance Period. As a condition to such issuance, Recipient must have satisfied his or her tax withholding obligations as specified in this Agreement and must have completed, signed and returned any documents and taken any additional action that the Company deems appropriate to enable it to accomplish the delivery of the Shares. In no event will the Company be obligated to issue a fractional share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Company shall not be obligated to deliver any Shares during any period when the
 
Company determines that the issuance or the delivery of Shares hereunder would violate any federal, state or other applicable laws and/or may issue Shares subject to any restrictive legends that, as determined by the Company, is necessary to comply with securities or other regulatory requirements, and (ii) the date on which Shares are issued may include a delay (but not later than the next December 31
st
after the end of the Performance Period) in order to provide the Company such time as it determines appropriate to address tax withholding and other administrative matters. If eligible, Recipient shall be given the opportunity to elect to defer receipt of the Shares. Such deferral election shall be in accordance with the terms of the applicable non-qualified deferral plan of the Company or an Affiliate and the requirements of Section 409A and subject to such additional terms and conditions as are set by the Committee.
5. .
PARTIAL PAYMENT ON CERTAIN EVENTS
(a) . If either (i) Recipient ceases to be employed with the Company and its Affiliates as a result of Recipient's Permanent Disability or Special Retirement or (ii) Recipient is transferred to an Ineligible Position and remains employed by the Company or an Affiliate through the end of the Performance Period or, if applicable, through the time of consummation of a Fundamental Transaction as set forth in Section 5(c) below, Recipient shall remain eligible to receive, promptly after the Determination Date, a prorated portion of the Shares that would otherwise be issuable to Recipient under the Performance Share Award in the absence of such event based on the actual achievement of the Performance Goals over the Performance Period; that such prorated amount shall be based on the ratio of (x) the number of days elapsed from the beginning of the Performance Period to the employment termination date (or date of transfer to an Ineligible Position, as applicable) over (y) the number of days in the entire scheduled Performance Period (and not reflecting any shortening of the Performance Period as a result of a Fundamental Transaction as described below). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Recipient shall not be entitled to any Shares under the Performance Share Award if Recipient: (i) fails to execute and deliver a general release of claims if requested by, and in a form satisfactory to, the Company or an Affiliate, (ii) violates the terms of his or her inventions, copyright and confidentiality agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) breaches his or her other contractual or legal obligations to the Company or an Affiliate.
Disability, Retirement or Transfer from an Eligible Position
provided
(b) . If Recipient's employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates due to the death of Recipient, then Recipient's estate or beneficiary shall receive, promptly after the date of death, a prorated portion of the Shares that Recipient would have been issued pursuant to the Performance Share Award based on the formula set forth in subsection (c) below as if a Fundamental Transaction had occurred on such date of death.
Death
 
(c) . If a Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control (as defined in the Plan) occurs prior to the end of the Performance Period while Recipient is employed by the Company or an Affiliate or remains entitled to receive Shares pursuant to Section 5(a) above, the Performance Period shall be terminated and Recipient shall be entitled to receive, immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control, the following number of Shares (the ""):
Change in Control of Company
CIC Earned Shares
(i) If the Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control occurs on or prior to 50% of the Performance Period elapsing, a prorated number of the Target Shares, based on the portion of the Performance Period that has elapsed.
(ii) If the Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control occurs following at least 50% of the Performance Period elapsing, a number of Shares based on the achievement of the Performance Goals at the time of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control as determined by the Committee and prorated to reflect the portion of the Performance Period that has elapsed through the date of consummation of the Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control (or, if Recipient earlier transfers to an Ineligible Position, through the date of such transfer). For purposes of determining the achievement of the Performance Goals, the Committee shall use the Company's financial results reported in its most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q or annual report on Form 10-K as filed with the SEC prior to consummation the Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines that this Performance Share Award is "deferred compensation" for purposes of Section 409A and is not eligible for any exemption from or exception to Section 409A, and that the Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control is not also a "change in ownership", "change in effective control" or a "change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets" of the Company under Section 409A, then the CIC Earned Shares (or a comparable amount of cash or acquiring company stock, depending on the consideration received by Company stockholders on such Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control) shall only be issued to Recipient on the date such Shares would have been issued pursuant to Section 4 if a Fundamental Transaction or Change in Control had not occurred).
6. . If the Company or an Affiliate is required to withhold any federal, state, local or other taxes upon the issuance of Shares or otherwise under this Agreement, the Company shall withhold a sufficient number of Shares to meet the withholding obligation based on the minimum rates required by law; provided, however, that the Company may, in its sole discretion, sell a sufficient number of Shares on behalf of Recipient to satisfy such obligations, accept payment to satisfy such obligations in the form of cash or delivery to the Company of Shares already owned by Recipient, or any combination of the foregoing.
TAX WITHHOLDING
 
7. . Any Shares issued to Recipient pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the rights, restrictions and limitations set forth in the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Recipient shall not have the rights of a stockholder until Shares, if any, are issued following the Determination Date. The Performance Share Award and rights under this Agreement may be not transferred by Recipient.
RIGHTS, RESTRICTIONS AND LIMITATIONS
8. . The Performance Share Award and Shares potentially issuable pursuant this Agreement are subject to any restrictions which may be imposed under applicable state and federal securities laws and are subject to obtaining all necessary consents which may be required by, or any condition which may be imposed in accordance with, applicable state and federal securities laws or regulations.
RESTRICTIONS UNDER SECURITIES LAW
9. .
EMPLOYMENT AT WILL
(a) Recipient's employment or affiliation with the Company or an Affiliate is not for any specified term and may be terminated by Recipient or by the Company or an Affiliate at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. Nothing in this Agreement, the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall: (i) confer upon Recipient any right to continue in the employ of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Company of the right to terminate Recipient at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that Recipient may have.
(b) Recipient acknowledges and agrees that the right to receive Shares pursuant to this Agreement is earned, among other requirements, only by continuing as an employee at the will of the Company (not through the act of being hired, being granted the Performance Share Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a "reorganization"). Recipient acknowledges and agrees that such a reorganization could result in the termination of Recipient's relationship as an employee to the Company or an Affiliate, or the termination of Affiliate status of Recipient's employer and the loss of benefits available to Recipient under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to receive Shares under this Agreement. Recipient further acknowledges that if the Performance Goals are not met, it is possible that no Shares will be issued hereunder.
10. . The Performance Share Award is granted pursuant to the Plan, all the terms and conditions of which are hereby made a part hereof and are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions contained herein and those set forth in the Plan, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.
INCORPORATION OF PLAN
 
11. . Recipient acknowledges that Recipient has received copies of the Plan and the Plan prospectus from the Company and agrees to receive stockholder information, including copies of any annual report, proxy statement and periodic report, electronically from the Company. Recipient acknowledges that copies of the Plan, Plan prospectus, Plan information and stockholder information are also available upon written or telephonic request to the Company.
COPIES OF PLAN MATERIALS
12. . This Agreement which includes the Award Letter contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to its subject matter. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective parties, the successors and assigns of the Company, and the heirs, legatees and personal representatives of Recipient.
MISCELLANEOUS
13. . This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without reference to such state's principles of conflict of laws.
GOVERNING LAW
14. . Recipient acknowledges that the acceptance of the Performance Share Award constitutes an unequivocal acceptance of this Agreement and any attempted modification or deletion will have no force or effect on the Company's right to enforce the terms and conditions stated herein.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
By accepting the Performance Share Award, you agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090603160944.txt.gz
TIME:20090603160944
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 3, 2009, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first quarter ended April 30, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  June 3, 2009  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2010, which ended April 30, 2009.
After the quarter ended, the U.S. Department of Defense indicated that it intends to restructure the Future Combat Systems (FCS) program, which represents about 3 percent of the company's annual revenue. The company currently expects to have a significant role under the restructured program, but the level of effort and terms and conditions remain under negotiation.
"In the first quarter of fiscal year 2010, we continued to demonstrate a pattern of solid program execution and financial performance," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "I am especially pleased that the results were so uniformly positive. That is, all of our major metricsrevenue, operating margin, earnings per share, and cash flowwere robust, and virtually all of our business units met or exceeded our expectations. Although the potential restructuring of FCS provides some uncertainty, based on our strong market position across our wide business base, we expect fiscal year 2010 to be another solid year for the company."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.65 billion, up 12 percent from $2.37 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 11 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter. Key drivers of internal growth included the initial ramp of recent wins in defense logistics, information technology, cyber-security, and intelligence support as well as increased tasking on existing defense and intelligence programs.
Operating income for the quarter was $204 million (7.7 percent of revenue), up 17 percent from $174 million (7.4 percent of revenue) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Growth in quarterly operating margin percentage was driven by continued improvements in cost efficiency and contract fees. Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $117 million, up 11 percent from $105 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Income from continuing operations grew more slowly than operating income primarily because of a $7 million reduction in interest income net of interest expense and a $5 million reduction in other income resulting from joint venture activities and a gain on the sale of two venture capital portfolio investments in the year-ago period.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.29, up 16 percent from $0.25 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 397 million, down 3 percent from 410 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, due primarily to share repurchases made over the last four quarters. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.28 for the quarter, up 17 percent from $0.24 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Discontinued operations include Telcordia Technologies, Inc., which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 2006, and the Applied Marine Technology, Inc. products business, which was sold in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010.
Earnings per share and share count figures quoted for fiscal year 2009 differ from those cited previously because on February 1, 2009, the company adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Staff Position (FSP) No. EITF 03-6-1 "Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities," which requires retrospective application to prior periods. Upon adoption, basic EPS from continuing operations, basic EPS, diluted EPS from discontinued operations and diluted EPS for the three months ended April 30, 2008 each decreased by $0.01. The new methodology had a similarly dilutive effect for the three months ended April 30, 2009.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $163 million (or 1.4 times income from continuing operations) compared to $14 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Cash collections continued to be strong as days sales outstanding (DSO) were 68 days, flat sequentially and an improvement of five days year-over-year.
During the quarter, the company used $223 million to repurchase approximately 12 million common shares including 11 million under the company's stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Whether any future repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors, including share price, corporate capital requirements, and other market conditions. As of April 30, 2009, the company had $898 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $2.6 billion in the first quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.0. Net bookings are calculated as the current period ending backlog plus the current period's revenue less prior period ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2010 was $16.7 billion, of which $5.7 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2009, total backlog increased 11 percent and funded backlog increased 6 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $11.0 billion represents the estimated amount to be earned in the future from firm orders for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Included within the backlog is approximately $0.1 billion in funded backlog and $1.0 billion in negotiated unfunded backlog related to FCS through the current contract end date of December 31, 2014. The company expects that it will soon stop work on the manned ground vehicle component of FCS but continue work on the system-of-systems integration component and the new technology spin-outs under a new or modified contract. The company expects that approximately $0.2 billion of the FCS backlog will be recognized as revenues throughout the remainder of fiscal 2010.
Forward Guidance
Despite the FCS developments, SAIC maintains a healthy backlog and a strong market position across its wide business base. Absent further disruptions in government funding, the company currently expects to achieve all of its long-term, average annual financial goals in fiscal year 2010:
 
 
 
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "The company has built a resilient and diversified base of business and new opportunities that enables us to reaffirm our expectation that we will achieve our long-term financial growth goals again in fiscal year 2010 despite the restructuring of FCS. The strength of this company lies not with one contract, but with thousands of contracts and 45,000 employees dedicated to solving our customers' most difficult problems."
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com.
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of June 3, 2009. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In this release, we refer to internal revenue growth percentage, which may be considered a non-GAAP financial measure. We calculate our internal revenue growth percentage by comparing our reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to our prior year period reported revenue. We use internal revenue growth percentage to monitor and evaluate our performance, and it is presented in this release because we believe that it allows investors to understand the portion of our revenue growth that is attributed to acquired businesses as compared to our internal revenue growth. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that we use to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three months ended April 30, 2009 were calculated as follows:
 
On February 1, 2009, SAIC, Inc. adopted FSP No. EITF 03-6-1 "Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities." This statement designates unvested share-based payment awards containing nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents as "participating securities," which require an allocation of earnings in calculating EPS as specified in SFAS No. 128 "Earnings Per Share." The company's unvested stock awards are participating securities in accordance with FSP No. EITF 03-6-1. The statement requires retrospective application to prior periods.
A schedule of basic and diluted EPS by quarter and year-to-date, as adjusted for the adoption of FSP No. EITF 03-6-1, for SAIC, Inc.'s fiscal year ended January 31, 2009 is as follows:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090608081459.txt.gz
TIME:20090608081459
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Larry B. Prior has informed the Company of his decision to resign as Chief Operating Officer effective as of June 12, 2009. A copy of the press release issued by the Company regarding Mr. Prior's departure is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
 
(d)
Exhibits
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(SAN DIEGO and McLEAN, Va.) June 8, 2009 SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced the resignation of chief operating officer (COO) Lawrence B. Prior III, effective June 12, 2009.
SAIC Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ken Dahlberg will assume COO duties pending a decision on a successor.
"Throughout his tenure, Larry has been an important part of the company's success," said Dahlberg. "He has helped expand current business and improve the company's operational performance. We thank him for his contributions and wish him well in his future endeavors."
Prior joined SAIC in 2004. Before being appointed COO in 2007, he served as president of SAIC's Intelligence, Security and Technology Group and senior vice president for federal business.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2009, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090623083912.txt.gz
TIME:20090623083912
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 23, 2009, SAIC, Inc. announced that Walter P. Havenstein has been named chief executive officer (CEO) and has been elected a director of SAIC, Inc., both effective as of the date he commences SAIC employment, currently scheduled to be September 21, 2009. Mr. Havenstein, age 60, will succeed Kenneth C. Dahlberg, SAIC's current CEO and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Dahlberg will remain Chairman until a new Chairman is selected by the Board. His current term on the Board expires in June 2010. The news release announcing these changes is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
Since January 2007, Mr. Havenstein served as chief operating officer and a director of BAE Systems plc, a British based aerospace and defense contractor with revenues in excess of $34 billion in its 2008 fiscal year, and president and CEO of BAE Systems Inc., its U.S.-based subsidiary. From August 2005 to August 2007, Mr. Havenstein was president of the Electronics and Integrated Systems Operating Group of BAE Systems, Inc. and prior thereto and since January 2004, he was executive vice president.
Mr. Havenstein will earn an annual base salary of $1 million and will be eligible to participate in SAIC's incentive compensation program, which includes cash incentive awards and equity awards. Mr. Havenstein's target cash incentive award for fiscal year 2010 will be $1.25 million, with the potential to earn up to $1.875 million for extraordinary performance. He will also be eligible to receive equity awards valued at up to $3.5 million, of which approximately 50% are expected to be in the form of options to purchase SAIC common stock and 50% in the form of performance share awards. The actual amount of the cash and equity awards will be based upon both corporate performance and the achievement of individual performance objectives for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2010. These awards are expected to be granted in March or April of 2010. Mr. Havenstein will be eligible to elect to defer all or a portion of any cash or vested equity awards granted to him under our cash incentive and equity incentive plans.
As an inducement to join SAIC, Mr. Havenstein will receive additional equity awards comprised of stock options, restricted stock and performance share awards having an aggregate value equivalent to the value of the equity awards of BAE Systems plc that he will forfeit as a result of joining SAIC. These equity awards will be granted at the time Mr. Havenstein's employment with SAIC begins. The value of these awards is currently expected to be approximately $6.37 million, although the actual value will be based on the currency exchange rate and the closing sales price of the publicly traded equity securities of SAIC and BAE Systems plc on the last trading day before Mr. Havenstein's first day of employment.
If Mr. Havenstein's employment is involuntarily terminated by SAIC during the first two years of employment for reasons other than cause, his base salary, target short-term cash incentives and benefits will continue for the balance of that period, subject to his agreement to release SAIC of any claims and to abide by certain restrictive covenants. Mr. Havenstein will also be eligible for the severance benefits made available to other executive officers under our standard form of severance protection agreement if his employment is involuntarily terminated without cause or he resigns for good reason within 24 months following a change in control.
Mr. Havenstein will also be eligible to participate in SAIC's standard employee benefit programs, including medical, dental, life and disability insurance and participation in SAIC retirement plan.
To enable Mr. Havenstein to accept SAIC's employment offer and to reduce the risk of conflicts of interest and to protect the interests of BAE's customers and shareholders, BAE entered into an agreement with Mr. Havenstein and SAIC pursuant to which Mr. Havenstein and SAIC agreed to certain restrictions. Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, Mr. Havenstein will recuse himself from and not participate in any way on behalf of SAIC in four specified business areas until July 1, 2010: (1) image intelligence collection and processing programs for National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, (2) programs for National Security
 
Agency or Defense Information Systems Agency for the purpose of developing (a) computer network attack technology or applications or (b) computer network defense technology or applications, (3) certain activities associated with Mine Resistant Ambush Protected ("MRAP") and certain other land vehicles, and (4) the Future Combat Systems program and alternative programs that may be implemented as part of a restructuring of the Future Combat Systems program. These business areas currently represent approximately 10% of the Company's revenues. Although the Company expects certain of these areas to increase in significance over time, it does not believe the agreement will adversely affect Mr. Havenstein's ability to serve as SAIC's CEO given the strength of the business units' existing senior management, the continuation of Mr. Dahlberg in his role as Chairman and the limited duration of the agreement. In addition, for 18 months, neither Mr. Havenstein nor SAIC will employ or retain certain BAE employees and, until September 20, 2010, Mr. Havenstein will be subject to customary non-solicitation provisions. The agreement is attached as Exhibit 10.3.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
VIA HAND DELIVERY
June 19, 2009
Mr. Walter P. Havenstein
Bethesda, MD 20814
Dear Walt,
I am pleased to offer you a position as for Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC)
Chief Executive Officer
1
, reporting directly to the SAIC Board of Directors. If you accept this position, you will also be nominated to membership on the Board of Directors of SAIC. Your primary office location will be in McLean, VA. Your weekly base salary will be $19,230.77, which is equivalent to a rate per year. We would like you to start work no later than Monday, September 21, 2009.
of $1,000,000
As a senior member of the SAIC management team, you will be eligible to participate in our incentive compensation plan, which has both a short-term and a long-term component. Your target short-term performance bonus for the SAIC fiscal year 2010 (FY10), which ends on January 22, 2010, will be , with the potential for up to for extraordinary performance. Short-term bonuses are payable in cash. You will also be eligible for a long-term (LTI) bonus expected to be split approximately 50/50 between options and performance shares, the details of which will be explained in a separate letter. Awards for FY10 are granted in March/April 2010 and based on both corporate performance and achievement of your FY10 performance objectives.
$1,250,000
$1,875,000
This offer of employment also includes the sign-on award of options, performance shares and restricted stock to offset the forfeiture of similar benefits from your current employer. Specific information on the sign-on stock features of your employment offer will be covered in a separate letter. Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by signing below. Your acceptance is only valid upon receipt of your signed documents by SAIC.
If your employment is involuntarily terminated by SAIC during the first two years of employment for reasons other than cause, SAIC will continue base salary, target short-term incentive and benefits for the balance of that period.
2
The severance benefits described in this letter will be SAIC's sole and exclusive obligation to you in the event you are terminated for reasons other than cause. In return for those separation benefits, you will be required to sign a release and a non-compete/non-solicitation agreement.
3
This offer is contingent upon the following:
 
 
 
 
For nearly 40 years, SAIC's commitment to technical innovation, quality service and strong ethical standards have formed a strong foundation for employee leadership and career advancement contributing to our business success. It is SAIC's goal to foster an environment of rewarding professional challenges and opportunities. We look forward to having you as part of our team where you will have the opportunity to play a vital role in our continued success while continuing to nurture your career.
Please confirm your acceptance of this offer by signing below and completing the referenced forms. Your acceptance is only valid upon receipt of your signed documents by SAIC.
To accept this job offer:
 
 
 
 
 
 
We at SAIC are enthusiastic about welcoming you aboard the team and are looking forward to working with you. Should you have any questions regarding this offer please feel free to contact me at (703) 676-4310 or (703) 608-5607.
 
I accept the terms and conditions of this employment offer.
 
SAIC is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. All employment with SAIC is "At Will".

Exhibit 10.2
June 19, 2009
Mr. Walter P. Havenstein
Bethesda, MD 20814
Dear Mr. Havenstein:
Should you accept the offer of employment with SAIC, a recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted equity awards having an aggregate value equivalent to the value of the equity awards of BAE Systems that you will forfeit as a result of joining SAIC (the "Replacement Value"). The Replacement Value will be calculated in accordance with the methodology shown on Exhibits 1 and 2 to this letter and based on the currency exchange rate and the closing sales price of the publicly traded equity securities of SAIC and BAE Systems on the applicable stock exchanges on the trading day before your first day of employment with SAIC. The equity awards will be comprised of non-qualified options to purchase SAIC common stock, restricted shares of SAIC common or class A preferred stock and a performance share award, each as described below, and granted pursuant to SAIC's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan").
A recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted a non-qualified option to purchase shares of SAIC common stock. Such option grant will (i) be made effective as of the first day of your employment with SAIC, (ii) have a per share exercise price equal to the closing sales price of SAIC's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day before the grant date in accordance with the terms of the Plan, (iii) be exercisable for a number of shares of common stock resulting in such option grant having a value of 23% of the Replacement Value as of the Grant Date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and rounded up to the nearest whole share, and (iv) vest and become exercisable (on a cumulative basis) as to 20%, 20%, 20% and 40% of the shares on the first, second, third and fourth year anniversaries of the grant date, respectively.
In addition, a recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted a performance share award. Such performance share award will (i) be made effective as of the first day of your employment with SAIC, (ii) have a target number of shares determined by dividing 23% of the Replacement Value by the closing sales price of SAIC's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day before the grant date and rounded up to the nearest whole share, (iii) be on the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, the form of Performance Share Award Agreement approved by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee and the performance share award program for the three-year performance period covering fiscal year 2010 through fiscal year 2012 as approved by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee (the "FY10-FY12 PSA Program").
In addition, a recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted restricted shares of common stock or class A preferred stock pursuant to the Plan. Such grants shall (i) be made effective as of the first day of your employment with SAIC, (ii) be for a number of shares determined by dividing the portion of the Replacement Value in the table below by the closing sales price of SAIC's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day before the grant date and rounding up to the nearest whole share, and (iii) vest (on a cumulative basis) as indicated in the table below:
 
Finally, you will be eligible for the long-term incentive award referred to in your employment offer letter, which is expected to be comprised of stock options and performance share awards. You will be eligible for a long-term incentive award valued at $3,500,000.
If these recommendations are approved by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, any offer of securities will be based upon the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan Summary and Prospectus, a copy of which will be provided to you. If you have any questions regarding the acquisition of securities of SAIC, Inc., please call our General Counsel, Doug Scott, at (858) 826-7325.
 

Exhibit 10.3
Walter P. Havenstein
Bethesda, MD 20814
Douglas E. Scott
Executive Vice President & General Counsel
SAIC, Inc.
10250 Campus Point Drive
San Diego, CA 92121
Dear Messrs. Havenstein and Scott:
You have asked BAE Systems, Inc. partially to waive Paragraphs 11(a)(i) and (iv) of the Executive Employment Agreement between Mr. Havenstein and BAE Systems dated December 1, 2006 (the "Employment Agreement"), so as to permit Mr. Havenstein to accept an offer of employment to serve as Chief Executive Officer of SAIC, Inc., if such an offer is made. BAE Systems agrees to grant such a partial waiver subject to the terms set forth below. These restrictions are intended to reduce the risk of conflicts of interest and to protect the interests of our customers and shareholders.
Until July 1, 2010, Mr. Havenstein will recuse himself from and not participate on behalf of SAIC, Inc. or any subsidiary or affiliate (collectively "SAIC") in any way in any of the areas or programs listed in the attached Appendix A (the "Restricted Businesses'). Mr. Havenstein will not participate on behalf of SAIC in any strategic, tactical or substantive discussion regarding the Restricted Businesses either internally within SAIC or externally with customers or others. This includes discussions regarding business development, competitive landscape, customer requirements, customer relations, political considerations, investments, program performance and execution, financial accounting issues, legal considerations and human resource issues that in whole or in part relate specifically to one or more of the Restricted Businesses. This paragraph does not, however, preclude Mr. Havenstein from reviewing aggregated data or participating in general personnel or management activities simply because they include data or involve personnel from the Restricted Businesses. Specifically, the parties agree that this paragraph does not preclude Mr. Havenstein from participating in the more broad-based company activities listed in Appendix B.
For 18 months from the date of this Agreement, neither Mr. Havenstein nor SAIC, directly or indirectly, will employ or retain (as an employee, consultant or otherwise) any individual who is a senior employee of BAE Systems, Inc., or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof, (collectively the "BAE Systems Group") as of or subsequent to the date of this Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, a senior employee is one who has or had a position of vice president or above (i.e., vice president, executive vice president, senior vice president or president) with any member of the BAE Systems Group.
BAE Systems' partial waiver of Paragraphs 11(a)(i) and (iv) will be effective 90 days after Mr. Havenstein agrees to accept the position of Chief Executive Officer for SAIC, Inc. (if he is offered and accepts such position).
Paragraphs 12 and 13 of the Employment Agreement shall apply to this Agreement and SAIC specifically agrees to be bound by those provisions with regard to any matter related hereto.
All terms of Mr. Havenstein's Employment Agreement other than Paragraphs 11(a)(i) and (iv) (which are partially waived) remain in full force and effect. The entire Employment Agreement remains Confidential Information, proprietary to BAE Systems.
This Agreement, like the Employment Agreement, shall be construed under the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to its choice of law provisions. This Agreement may not be modified or terminated other than by a writing executed by all parties. This Agreement expires as of June 26, 2009 if Mr. Havenstein has not received and accepted the position of Chief Executive Officer for SAIC, Inc. prior to that date.
Please acknowledge your agreement to the foregoing by executing this Agreement below.
 
 
Image intelligence collection and processing programs for NGA.
Programs for NSA or DISA for the purpose of developing (1) computer network attack technology or applications or (2) computer network defense technology or applications
MRAP (including production, readiness, support and sustainment), and readiness, support and sustainment activities for other land vehicles where BAE Systems is or was the prime contractor on the platform
FCS program and consideration of how to restructure or replace the program, or otherwise to satisfy the requirements it was intended to meet. Alternative programs to satisfy the requirements for network and/or communications infrastructure, ground-based ESM (including unattended ground sensors), ground vehicles and/or artillery (in each case, including readiness, support and sustainment).
Review of Corporate, Group or Business Unit aggregated financial performance data that includes financial performance data for the Restricted Businesses
Review of Corporate, Group or Business Unit aggregated current or future fiscal year budget and financial planning data that includes data from the Restricted Businesses
Involvement in employee performance reviews or development and compensation processes for operational managers whose span of control includes Restricted Businesses
Consideration of organizational changes that impact a Group or Business Unit that includes Restricted Businesses
Participation in CEO Quarterly Operational Reviews of an SAIC Group: currently (i) Defense Solutions Group, (ii) Intelligence, Security and Technology Group, (iii) Infrastructure, Logistics and Product Solutions Group, and (iv) Information Technology and Network Solutions Group. Operational Reviews cover quarterly or annual performance highlights, future quarter and annual financial forecast, financial performance against plan, business development, human resources and program execution.
Participation in discussions or decisions involving strategy, tactics, business development, competition, customer requirements or relations, political considerations, investments, program performance or execution, financial or accounting issues, legal considerations or human resource issues that do not, in whole or in part, relate specifically to one or more of the Restricted Businesses.
Provided, however, that nothing in this Agreement (including this Appendix B) shall authorize Mr. Havenstein to participate (and Mr. Havenstein will not participate) in any discussion or decision that is in whole or in part specifically related to one or more of the Restricted Businesses, including any discussion of or decision on strategy, tactics, business development, competition, customer requirements or relations, political considerations, investments, program performance or execution, financial or accounting issues, legal considerations or human resource issues that is in whole or in part related specifically to one or more of the Restricted Businesses.

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(SAN DIEGO and McLEAN, Va.) June 23, 2009  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI) announced today that Ken Dahlberg, the company's chairman and chief executive officer, has advised the board of directors that, consistent with the company's mandatory retirement policy for executive officers, he will step down as CEO on September 20, 2009. Dahlberg will continue with the company as chairman of the board through the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in June 2010.
The board of directors also formally approved a succession plan for the position of chief executive officer. The board announced that Walter P. Havenstein, former president and CEO of BAE Systems Inc., will become CEO on September 21, 2009. He will also become a member of SAIC's board of directors.
In announcing the board's actions, Dahlberg said, "The board and I are extremely pleased to have Walt join the company's executive management team. He has demonstrated an outstanding record of success at BAE Systems, where he managed the company's wholly owned U.S. subsidiary, with 53,000 employees and annual sales in excess of $20 billion. Walt brings more than 25 years of experience not only in our core competencies, but also in a wide range of services that will provide new avenues of growth for the company. Most importantly, he is committed to a high quality of performance, outstanding customer satisfaction, and high ethical standards  hallmarks of SAIC's success since 1969."
"I am pleased to be joining the SAIC leadership team," said Havenstein. "I'm moving from one great company to another and I look forward to contributing to SAIC's growth as a premier science, technology and engineering firm."
Havenstein most recently served as chief operating officer and member of the board of directors for BAE Systems plc, a $34 billion global aerospace and defense company; and president and chief executive officer of BAE Systems Inc., the company's wholly
owned U.S. subsidiary. His previous positions at BAE include president of the Electronics & Integrated Solutions Operating Group, and president of the Information and Electronic Warfare Systems business unit. He was executive vice president, then president of Sanders, a Lockheed Martin company. Before joining Sanders in 1999, he held executive management and business development positions at Raytheon.
Havenstein began his defense industry career at the ITT Aerospace and Communications Division in business development and program management roles. He served on active duty in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1971 to 1983, specializing in tactical communications and systems acquisition management, and completed his career in the Marine Corps Reserve in 1999.
Havenstein holds a bachelor's degree in aerospace engineering from the U.S. Naval Academy and a master's degree in electrical engineering from the Naval Postgraduate School.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended
January 31, 2009, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090624165853.txt.gz
TIME:20090624165853
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e)  On June 18, 2009, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors adopted a policy that may require members of senior management to return incentive compensation if there is a material restatement of the financial results upon which the compensation was originally based. If the Committee determines, in its sole discretion, that recovery is appropriate, the company may seek repayment of the difference between the incentive compensation paid and the incentive compensation that would have been paid based on the restated financial results.
The policy also provides for recovery of incentive compensation from any employee involved in fraud or intentional misconduct, whether or not it results in a restatement of our financial results. In such a situation, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee would exercise its business judgment to determine what action it believes is appropriate under the circumstances.
SAIC may seek to recover the applicable amount of compensation from incentive compensation paid or awarded after the adoption of the policy, future payments of incentive compensation, cancellation of outstanding equity awards and reduction in or cancellation of future equity awards. In cases of fraud or misconduct, SAIC may also seek recovery from incentive compensation paid or awarded prior to the adoption of the policy.
The ability of SAIC to recover incentive compensation under the policy is in addition to any other remedies available to SAIC under applicable law.
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090629170045.txt.gz
TIME:20090629170045
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of SAIC, Inc. was held on June 19, 2009. All of the directors nominated by management in SAIC's 2009 Proxy Statement were elected and no solicitation in opposition to management's nominees was made. In addition, the stockholders approved the proposal to automatically convert each share of SAIC's class A preferred stock into one share of common stock and ratified the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as SAIC's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2010.
At the Annual Meeting, the stockholders voted on the following matters:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090706074441.txt.gz
TIME:20090706074441
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On June 30, 2009, the U.S. Department of Justice filed a complaint against Science Applications International Corporation relating to the solicitation and award of a task order to provide information technology support services to the National Center for Critical Information Processing and Storage (NCCIPS) run by the Naval Oceanographic Major Shared Resource Center High Performance Computing Center at the Stennis Space Center located in Mississippi. Our company was awarded the task order in April 2004. The complaint alleges that some of our employees inappropriately met with government employees and obtained information not provided to other potential bidders for this work or received it in advance of other bidders giving us an unfair advantage in the bidding process for this task order. In the complaint, the Government seeks approximately $116 million in damages representing the aggregate amount of all payments received by our company under this task order, plus the trebling of such damages plus civil penalties under the False Claims Act.
We have fully cooperated with the Government's investigation on this matter since the Government first contacted us in September 2006. We also conducted our own thorough internal review of the allegations made by the Government. Based on our internal review and our discussions with the Government, we believe the Government's claims are without merit and intend to vigorously defend ourselves against the allegations raised in the complaint.
Further, although the Government has brought claims against us under the False Claims Act, the complaint does not allege that our invoices inaccurately reflected the work performed by us or that the Government was not billed in accordance with the terms of the contract or task order. Nor does the complaint allege that we provided the Government with anything but high quality services under the task order. The Government customer recently re-competed this work in an open solicitation and again awarded us a task order to perform this work in January 2008. No inappropriate conduct by us or others has been alleged by the Government in its complaint relating to the solicitation, award or performance of the follow-on task order.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090902160939.txt.gz
TIME:20090902160939
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 2, 2009, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the second quarter ended July 31, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
Exhibit 99.1       Press Release dated September 2, 2009 issued by SAIC, Inc.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
(SAN DIEGO and MCLEAN, VA)  September 2, 2009  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, which ended July 31, 2009.
"SAIC delivered another quarter of solid program execution and financial performance in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010," said Ken Dahlberg, SAIC chairman and chief executive officer. "As we look forward to the transition to Walt Havenstein's leadership later this month, the company's employees and capabilities have created a strong foundation for continued growth."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.75 billion, up 8 percent from $2.55 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009. Internal, or non-acquisition, growth represented 7 percentage points of the consolidated growth for the quarter. Key drivers of internal growth included recent wins in defense logistics, information technology, and cyber-security as well as increased tasking on existing defense programs.
Operating income for the quarter was $221 million (8.0 percent of revenue), up 17 percent from $189 million (7.4 percent of revenue) in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009. Growth in quarterly operating income margin percentage was driven by continued improvements in cost efficiency and program performance. Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $125 million, up 19 percent from $105 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009. Income from continuing operations benefited from a year-over-year improvement in the effective tax rate from 40.7 percent to 38.1 percent.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.31, up 19 percent from $0.26 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 388 million, down 3 percent from 400 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009, due primarily to share repurchases made over the last four quarters. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.31 for the quarter, up 15 percent from $0.27 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow from operations for the quarter was $109 million (or 0.9 times income from continuing operations) compared to $230 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2009. The drop in cash flow from operations primarily resulted from an additional payroll cycle in the current quarter, accounting for approximately $150 million of the year-over-year difference. Cash collections continued to be strong as days sales outstanding were 64 days, an improvement of four days sequentially and two days year-over-year.
The company acquired Atlan, Inc., a small cyber-security product testing firm, during the quarter. In addition, the company acquired R.W. Beck Group, Inc., a leading provider of business and technical consulting services in engineering, energy and infrastructure, after the close of the second quarter.
During the quarter, the company used $53 million to repurchase approximately 3 million shares including 2 million under the company's stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. Whether any future repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under the stock repurchase program will depend on a variety of factors, including share price, corporate capital requirements, and other market conditions. As of July 31, 2009, the company had $951 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $2.3 billion in the second quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.8, reflecting an industry-wide slow down in contract awards and an increase in proposals awaiting adjudication. Net bookings are calculated as the period's ending backlog plus the period's revenue less the prior period's ending backlog and backlog obtained in acquisitions. No bookings value is assigned unless the company has received a signed contract for a priced statement of work.
Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2010 was $16.3 billion, of which $5.6 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2009, total backlog increased 2 percent and funded backlog increased 4 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.7 billion is the estimated amount to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and priced but unexercised contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future expected task orders to be awarded under IDIQ or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
The company currently expects to achieve all of its long-term financial goals in fiscal year 2010:
 
 
 
Mark Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "The company's continued strong execution enables us to reaffirm our expectation that we will achieve our long-term financial growth goals again in fiscal year 2010. We are positioned to see increased contract awards in the second half of the year, which should provide a strong foundation as we head into fiscal year 2011."
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com.
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance" and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the SEC, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of September 2, 2009. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Stuart Davis
703-676-2283
stuart.davis@saic.com
 
 
 
 
 
In this release, we refer to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that may be required to be reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We calculate our internal revenue growth percentage by comparing our reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to our prior year period reported revenue. We use internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful we are at growing our base business and how successful we are at growing the revenues of the businesses that we acquire. Achievement of revenue targets based on internal revenue growth is also a measure used, in part, for determining incentive compensation for our executives and the broader employee population.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We address this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that we use to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three and six months ended July 31, 2009 were calculated as follows:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090924140237.txt.gz
TIME:20090924140237
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equity Awards to Chief Executive Officer
On September 21, 2009, Walter P. Havenstein joined SAIC, Inc. as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Havenstein succeeds Kenneth C. Dahlberg as CEO. Mr. Dahlberg will remain Chairman of the Board until a new Chairman is selected by the Board. Mr. Dahlberg's current term on the Board expires in June 2010.
Certain information about Mr. Havenstein's compensatory and other arrangements with SAIC was previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 23, 2009.As previously reported, as an inducement to join SAIC, we agreed to issue equity awards to Mr. Havenstein comprised of stock options, restricted stock and performance share awards having an aggregate value equivalent to the value of the equity awards of BAE Systems plc that he forfeited as a result of joining SAIC. The aggregate replacement value was determined to be $6.46 million based on the currency exchange rate and the closing sales price of the publicly traded equity securities of SAIC and BAE Systems on the applicable stock exchanges on September 18, 2009, the trading day before Mr. Havenstein's first day of employment with SAIC. These equity awards were granted effective September 21, 2009 and are comprised of the following:
 
 
 
 
The foregoing awards were issued under our 2006 Equity Incentive Plan and are subject to the terms and conditions of the plan.
Amendments to Deferred Compensation Plans
Our Human Resources and Compensation Committee approved amendments to our Key Executive Stock Deferral Plan, Management Stock Compensation Plan, Stock Compensation Plan, Keystaff Deferral Plan, Stock Compensation Plan Trust and Key Executive Stock Deferral Trust to implement aspects of our compensation recoupment policy adopted by the committee on June 18, 2009. Under the recoupment policy, members of senior management may be required to return incentive compensation if there is a
 
material restatement of the financial results upon which the compensation was originally based. The policy also provides for recovery of incentive compensation from any employee involved in fraud or intentional misconduct, whether or not it results in a restatement of our financial results. The amendments to the deferred compensation plans referenced above clarify that participants may be required to return certain payments of plan benefits made to the participant, and that payments that otherwise would have been made to the participant with respect to the participant's account under the plans may be reduced or entirely eliminated. Information about our recoupment policy was previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2009.
 
On September 18, 2009, our Board of Directors amended and restated our bylaws. The following summary of the bylaw amendments is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of our amended and restated bylaws, which are included as Exhibit 3.1 to this report and are incorporated by reference in this Item 5.03.
Section 1.02 of the bylaws was amended to reflect the change in our principal office from 10260 Campus Point Drive, San Diego, California 92121 to 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. The change in our headquarters was publicly announced and is effective on September 24, 2009.
Section 2.07 and Section 3.03(b) of the bylaws were amended to:
 
 
 
Section 3.03(b) of the bylaws, which pertains specifically to director nominations, was further amended to add a provision to allow stockholders to submit director nominations for inclusion in our proxy materials in accordance with the final rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) providing for such stockholder nominations and proxy inclusion (final proxy access rules); provided that in order to be timely any such stockholder notice must be delivered no later than 120 days before the date we mailed our prior year's proxy materials (or such later date as may be set by the SEC for companies without advance notice bylaws) and such stockholder must comply with the information requirements of Section 3.03(b) of our bylaws unless requiring such information is prohibited by the final proxy access rules.
The advance notice bylaw amendments do not change the deadlines for stockholder proposals for our 2010 Annual Meeting of Stockholders as disclosed in our proxy statement for our 2009 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, but the location of our principal office for delivery of stockholder notice has been changed to 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102.
 
Change in Headquarters
On September 24, 2009, we announced the change in our headquarters from San Diego, California to McLean, Virginia. A copy of the press release announcing this change is included as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Stock Repurchase Program
Effective September 21, 2009, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of additional shares of stock under our stock repurchase program, restoring the number of shares authorized to be repurchased under the program to 40 million shares. The stock repurchase program was originally authorized by our Board in December 2006 as part of our overall strategy for capital allocation. In March 2008, our Board authorized additional shares for repurchase under the program. Through July 31, 2009, we repurchased an aggregate of 48 million shares under the stock repurchase program and as of July 31, 2009, there were 10 million shares remaining authorized for repurchase under the program. Stock repurchases under the stock repurchase program may be made on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions with third parties. Whether repurchases are made and the timing and actual number of shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors including price, corporate capital requirements, other market conditions and regulatory requirements.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
 
Section 1.01 The registered office of SAIC, Inc. (the "Corporation") in the State of Delaware shall be at 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof shall be The Corporation Trust Company.
Registered Office.
Section 1.02 The principal office for the transaction of the business of the Corporation shall be at 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. The Board of Directors (the "Board") is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal office from one location to another.
Principal Office.
Section 1.03 The Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.
Other Offices.
Section 2.01 An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.
Annual Meetings.
Section 2.02 Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board, or by a committee of the Board which has been duly designated by the Board and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board or in the Bylaws, include the power to call such meetings, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law") (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
Special Meetings.
Section 2.03 All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may from time to time be designated by the person or persons calling the respective meeting and specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof.
Time and Place of Meetings.
Section 2.04
Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice.
(a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given to stockholders of the Corporation, as required by applicable law, which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Notice may be given by such delivery means (mail, telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law and shall be delivered to the stockholder's address as it appears on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. Unless otherwise required by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise expressly required by Delaware Law, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
(b) Any waiver of any such notice given by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and such person objects at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
Section 2.05 Except as provided by Delaware Law, the holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment thereof. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat or, in the absence therefrom of all the stockholders, any officer entitled to preside at, or to act as a secretary of, such meeting may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
Quorum.
Section 2.06
Voting.
(a) At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder shall be entitled to vote, in person or by proxy, each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by such stockholder and registered in such stockholder's name on the books of the Corporation:
(i) on the date fixed pursuant to Section 6.05 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, or
(ii) if no such record date shall have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given or (b) if notice of the meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting shall be held.
(b) Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors in such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes.
(c) Any such voting rights may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his or her proxy delivered to the secretary of the meeting; , that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer period. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, Delaware Law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, shall be decided by the vote of a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or unless so directed by the chairman of the meeting. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his or her proxy, if there be such proxy, and it shall state the number of shares voted.
provided, however
Section 2.07 Only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board, which must comply with the provisions of Section 3.03(b)) may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders as is either (1) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (2) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (3) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.07 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.07. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Business at Annual Meeting (other than the Election of Directors).
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
A stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth: (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and the text of the business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (b) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation, and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such business, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) whether the stockholder giving notice intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such proposal; (v) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the annual meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law).
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.07, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.07; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
The chairman of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.07 and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
Section 2.08 The Secretary of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, as required by applicable law. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
List of Stockholders.
Section 2.09 Prior to each meeting of the stockholders, one or more inspectors shall be appointed by the Board, or, if no such appointment shall have been made, such inspectors shall be appointed by the chairman of the meeting, to act thereat. Each inspector so appointed shall first subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of an inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. Such inspector(s) shall take charge of the ballots at such meeting, count the ballots cast on any question and deliver a written report of the results thereof to the secretary of such meeting. The inspector(s) need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Any officer of the Corporation may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against his or her election to any position with the Corporation or on any other question in which he or she may be directly interested other than as a stockholder.
Inspectors.
Section 2.10 The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations adopted by the Board, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; and (c) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.
Regulations for Conduct of Stockholders Meeting.
Section 3.01 The property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by Delaware Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders of the Corporation.
General Powers.
Section 3.02 The exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits specified in the Certificate of Incorporation, by resolution of the Board.
Number.
Section 3.03
Election of Directors.
(a) The directors shall be elected annually by the stockholders of the Corporation and the persons receiving the greatest number of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, shall be the persons then elected. The election of directors is subject to any provisions contained in the Certificate of Incorporation relating thereto, including any provisions for a classified board and for cumulative voting.
Voting.
(b) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a meeting of stockholders (1) by or at the direction of the Board, (2) by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or any other duly authorized committee of the Board), or (3) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 3.03(b) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.03(b). In addition to any other
Nomination of Directors.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Such stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of such person; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (v) a representation whether such stockholder intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting of stockholders shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such meeting.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 3.03(b) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.
The chairman of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure and, if the chairman should so determine, the chairman shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 3.03(b) to the contrary, a nomination of persons for election to the Board may be submitted for inclusion in the Corporation's proxy materials pursuant to the final rules adopted by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") providing for such nominations and inclusion ("final proxy access rules"), and, if such nomination is submitted under the final proxy access rules, such submission (xx) in order to be timely, must be delivered to, or be mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation no later than 120 calendar days before the date that the Corporation mailed (or otherwise disseminated) its proxy materials for the prior year's annual meeting (or such other date as may be set forth in the final proxy access rules for companies without advance notice bylaws); (yy) in all other respects, must be made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the final proxy access rules, as in effect at the time of the nomination, or any successor rules or regulations of the SEC then in effect; and (zz) must provide the Corporation with any other information required by this Section 3.03(b) for nominations not made under the final proxy access rules except to the extent that requiring such information to be furnished is prohibited by the final proxy access rules. The provisions of this paragraph of this Section 3.03(b) do not provide stockholders of the Corporation with any rights, nor do they impose upon the Corporation any obligations, other than the rights and obligations set forth in the final proxy access rules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(b), unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 3.03(b), to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
Section 3.04 Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice or notice by electronic transmission to the Board or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 3.05 Unless otherwise restricted by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board may be removed with or without cause by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Removal.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
Section 3.06 Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy in the Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until such director shall resign or shall have been removed.
Vacancies.
Section 3.07 The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after each annual election of directors and notice of such first meeting shall not be required.
First Meeting.
Section 3.08 Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such times as the Board shall from time to time by resolution determine. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the next succeeding business day not a legal holiday. Except as provided by applicable law, notice of regular meetings need not be given.
Regular Meetings.
Section 3.09 Special meetings of the Board may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board, by the Chief Executive Officer or by the Secretary upon the written request of any two (2) directors. Such meetings shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place or places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting may designate.
Special Meetings.
Section 3.10 The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any of these Bylaws. Any such committee shall keep written minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board at the next regular meeting of the Board. Any Board committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of such committee, and delegate to the subcommittee any or all of the powers of the committee.
Committees.
Section 3.11 Notice of all special meetings of the Board or a committee shall be mailed to each director, addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business, at least five (5) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be personally delivered or otherwise given by such delivery means (telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law, at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held. Such notice may be waived by any director and any meeting shall be a legal meeting without notice having been given if all the directors shall be present thereat or if those not present shall, either before or after the meeting, waive notice of or consent to (in writing or by electronic transmission) such meeting or shall after the meeting sign the approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or be made a part of the minutes of the meeting.
Notice of Meetings.
Section 3.12 The Board (or committee of the Board) may hold any of its meetings at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board (or the committee) may from time to time by resolution designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons calling the meeting or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such meeting. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board or a committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Place of Meeting, Etc.
Section 3.13 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by Delaware Law, the presence of a majority of the total number of directors shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board and the presence of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on a committee of the Board shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee, and all matters shall be decided at any such meeting, a quorum being present, by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors present. In the absence of a quorum at any
Quorum and Manner of Acting.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority of directors present may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.
Section 3.14 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, as the case may be, and such written consent or electronic transmission is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
Action by Consent.
Section 3.15 The directors shall receive such compensation for their services as directors, and such additional compensation for their services as members of any committees of the Board, as may be authorized by the Board.
Compensation.
Section 3.16 The Board may elect or appoint, from among its members, a Chairman of the Board and one or more Vice Chairs of the Board, who shall not be considered by virtue of holding such position officers of the Corporation. The Chairman of the Board, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, all duties incident to the office of Chairman of the Board and such other duties as the Board may assign to the Chairman of the Board from time to time.
Officers of the Board.
Section 4.01 The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, one or more Presidents of various ranks, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Controller and a Treasurer, all of whom shall serve under the direction and subject to the control of the Board.
Principal Officers.
Section 4.02 Except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with Section 4.03 or 4.06, the officers of the Corporation, shall be elected annually (or at such other intervals as the Board may determine) by the Board. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service.
Election.
Section 4.03 In addition to the principal officers designated in Section 4.01, the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time appoint such other officers and agents as each of them may deem necessary or advisable, including one or more Vice Presidents of various rank, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and an Assistant Controller, each of which officers and agents shall be subject to the control of the Board and have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board, Chairman of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service. The Board may also delegate to any other principal officer or committee established by the Board the power to appoint any such additional officers and agents.
Additional Officers and Agents.
Section 4.04 All officers and agents of the Corporation, elected or appointed by the Board, may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by (a) resolution adopted by the Board or (b) if the officer or agent shall have been appointed by a committee of the Board or another officer duly authorized by the Board or these Bylaws, by such appointing committee or officer.
Removal.
Section 4.05 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 4.06 A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or other cause, may be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.
Vacancies.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
Section 4.07 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board to the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, if such officer is appointed, shall, subject to the control of the Board, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the Corporation. In the event of the death, disability or other absence of the Chairman of the Board, the duties of the Chairman of the Board may be performed by the Chief Executive Officer, including presiding at any meeting of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers or agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Vice Presidents of various rank or other officers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officers.
Chief Executive Officer.
Section 4.08 Individuals appointed to the office of President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as the Board or Chief Executive Officer may assign to such President from time to time. The President may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers of agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. Individuals appointed to the office of President Federal Business, President of another organizational unit of the Corporation or Group President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President of the Corporation and shall have such other duties as the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation may assign to such officers from time to time.
President(s).
Section 4.09 Each Vice President of the Corporation shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or President, such duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other office or officers may assign to such Vice President from time to time. Vice Presidents of the Corporation may be further designated as Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents or such other similar title as the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other officer or officers may designate.
Vice Presidents.
Section 4.10 The Secretary of the Corporation or his or her designee shall attend all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board and committees established by the Board and shall record correctly the proceedings of such meetings in a book suitable for such purposes. The Secretary shall attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all stock certificates issued by the Corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept a stock ledger in which all transactions pertaining to shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation shall be correctly recorded. The Secretary shall also attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all deeds, conveyances or other instruments requiring the seal of the Corporation. The Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and special meetings of the Board or committees established by the Board. The Secretary is authorized to issue certificates, to which the corporate seal may be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of officers of the Corporation or to actions duly taken by the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board or any committee established by the Board. The Secretary shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Secretary from time to time. The duties of the Secretary may also be performed by any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Secretary.
Section 4.11 The Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation in general shall supervise all of the financial affairs of the Corporation, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Chief Financial Officer from time to time.
Chief Financial Officer.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
Section 4.12 The Treasurer of the Corporation shall have the care and custody of all the funds, notes, bonds, debentures, stock and other securities of the Corporation that may come into the hands of the Treasurer, acting in such capacity. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the investment and reinvestment of funds of the Corporation in accordance with general investment policies determined from time to time by the Corporation and shall ensure that the Corporation is adequately funded at all times by arranging, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer, for the issuance of debt, equity and other forms of securities that may be necessary or appropriate. The Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) checks, drafts, notes, bonds, debentures and other instruments for the payment of money for deposit or collection when necessary or appropriate and may deposit the same to the credit of the Corporation in such banks or depositories as the Board may designate from time to time, and the Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) all commercial documents requiring endorsements for or on behalf of the Corporation. The Treasurer may deliver instructions to financial institutions by facsimile or otherwise. The Treasurer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) all receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall render an account of the Treasurer's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Treasurer shall enter regularly in the books to be kept by the Treasurer for that purpose, a full and adequate account of all monies received and paid by the Treasurer on account of the Corporation. If requested by the Board, the Treasurer shall give a bond to the Corporation for the faithful performance of the Treasurer's duties, the expenses of which bond shall be borne by the Corporation. The Treasurer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer may assign to the Treasurer from time to time. The duties of the Treasurer may be performed by any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Treasurer.
Section 4.13 The Controller of the Corporation shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation, shall maintain adequate records of all assets, liabilities and transactions of the Corporation and shall be responsible for the design, installation and maintenance of accounting and cost control systems and procedures throughout the Corporation. The Controller also shall keep in books belonging to the Corporation full and accurate accounts of receipts of, and disbursements made by, the Corporation. The Controller shall render an account of the Controller's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Controller shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Controller and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, may assign to the Controller from time to time. The duties of the Controller may also be performed by any Assistant Controller of the Corporation. The Controller shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Controllers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Controller.
Section 5.01 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Board may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and unless so authorized by the Board or by these Bylaws, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or in any amount.
Execution of Contracts.
Section 5.02 All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney shall give such bond, if any, as the Board may require.
Checks, Drafts, Etc.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
Section 5.03 All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may select, or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of collection for the account of the Corporation, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any President, the Treasurer or any Vice President who has been authorized by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer to do so (or any other officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation who shall from time to time be determined by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the Corporation.
Deposits.
Section 5.04 The Board (or a committee of the Board to which such power is delegated) may from time to time authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts with such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board (or committee) may select or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws, as it may deem expedient.
General Special Bank Accounts.
Section 6.01
Certificates Representing Stock.
(a) Certificates (if any) representing shares of stock or any bond, debenture or other corporate securities of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, and shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Any of or all of the signatures on the certificates may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, any such certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature shall have been placed thereupon, were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
Form and Execution of Certificates.
(b) If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of Delaware Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.
Special Designation on Certificates.
(c) Except as provided in this Section 6.01(c), no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and canceled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed certificate, or the owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate; provided, however, that a new certificate or uncertificated share may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, or the Secretary of the Corporation, it is proper so to do.
Lost Certificates.
Section 6.02 Subject to any conditions imposed by Delaware Law, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof any written notice prescribed by Delaware Law.
Uncertificated Shares.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009
Section 6.03 Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registrations of transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by the attorney of the registered holder thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent, if any, and with respect to shares represented by certificates, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed, and with respect to uncertificated shares, upon the execution by the transferor and transferee of all transfer documents in such form as the Corporation shall reasonably require, and, with respect to all shares, upon the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation. Whenever any shares are pledged for collateral security such fact shall be reflected on the books of the Corporation.
Transfers of Stock.
Section 6.04 The Board may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them.
Regulations.
Section 6.05 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If in any case involving the determination of stockholders for any purpose other than notice of or voting at a meeting of stockholders, the Board shall not fix such a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for such purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board shall adopt the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.
Section 7.01 The Board shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation and words and figures showing that the Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and the year of incorporation.
Seal.
Section 7.02 Whenever notice is required to be given by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or Delaware Law, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice (in writing or by electronic transmission), either before or after the time stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to notice.
Waiver of Notices.
Section 7.03 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of February in each year.
Fiscal Year.
Section 7.04 These Bylaws, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws may be made by the Board, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then in office as directors, acting at any meeting of the Board. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Amendments.
Section 7.05 The Corporation engages in the practice of engineering in various jurisdictions which regulate such practice, including the State of Washington. In order to comply with the laws of such jurisdictions, including the State of Washington, all engineering decisions pertaining to any project or engineering activities in any such jurisdiction shall be made by a designated engineer licensed to practice in such jurisdiction who shall be appointed by the Board from time to time as vacancies occur.
Designation of Engineer.
 
 
Amended and Restated September 2009

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(SAN DIEGO and McLEAN, Va.) September 24, 2009 SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, announced today that it has relocated its corporate headquarters to the company's facilities in McLean, Va., from San Diego.
"This move will formally relocate the corporate executive leadership team closer to our federal government customers enabling us to better respond quickly and efficiently to their critical needs, while maintaining a significant presence in San Diego," said SAIC Chief Executive Officer Walt Havenstein. "Although our headquarters location has changed, our commitment to customer satisfaction and high ethical standards remains constant."
SAIC's McLean office complex is located at 1710 SAIC Drive. There are approximately 17,500 SAIC employees in the metropolitan Washington, D.C. area, representing the company's largest concentration of staff. SAIC was recently ranked as the area's fourth largest employer by .
The Washington Post
"As one of the largest employers in Northern Virginia, SAIC already has a significant, positive impact on communities in the Commonwealth," said Virginia Governor Timothy M. Kaine. "By expanding its investment in McLean, SAIC not only joins a growing list of FORTUNE 500 companies who call the Commonwealth home  it confirms Virginia's status as the Best State for Business in America.'"
The headquarters designation is effective immediately.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. Headquartered in McLean, Va., the company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2009, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20090929124859.txt.gz
TIME:20090929124859
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d)    Mr. Thomas F. Frist, III has accepted an invitation to be a director of SAIC, Inc., effective on September 23, 2009, to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors.
Mr. Frist is a principal of Frist Capital L.L.C., a private investment vehicle for Mr. Frist and certain related persons and has held such position since 1998. Prior to that, Mr. Frist co-managed FS Partners, L.L.C. and worked at Rainwater, Inc. in Fort Worth, Texas and in New York. Mr. Frist has served on the Board of Directors of HCA, Inc. since 2006. From 1999 to 2006, Mr. Frist served on the board of Triad Hospitals, Inc.
As a director, Mr. Frist will be entitled to receive the standard remuneration provided to the company's non-management directors, including (i) an annual cash retainer of $50,000, (ii) fees of $2,000 for each meeting of the Board that he attends and for each meeting of any committee of which he is a member that he attends, and (iii) an annual grant of equity awards valued at approximately $150,000, two-thirds in the form of restricted stock and one-third in the form of stock options. Mr. Frist has not yet been appointed to any committees of the Board of Directors. There are no related party transactions between Mr. Frist and the company.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20091014071955.txt.gz
TIME:20091014071955
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 7.01          Regulation FD Disclosure.
SAIC Institutional Investor Conference
SAIC, Inc. (Company) will hold its third annual Institutional Investor Conference (Conference) in McLean, Virginia today, October 14, 2009. At the Conference, several senior executives of the Company will make presentations and discuss the Company's current performance and strategies for the future. Interested parties can listen to the presentations through a live audio webcast on the Company's website, www.saic.com, beginning at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time today, October 14, 2009.
Charts to be used in the presentations made by the Company's senior executives at the Conference are attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1.
Certain statements made in the charts attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1 or by executives at the Conference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2009, the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings that the Company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to these uncertainties and risks, readers of this report and persons who view these presentations are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of October 14, 2009. The Company disclaims any duty to update guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in the Exhibit to this report or in the presentations made by Company executives at the Conference to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Exchange Act. Furthermore, the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement of the Company or other document filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
Item 9.01          Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 



</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20091026174314.txt.gz
TIME:20091026174314
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) On September 29, 2009, SAIC, Inc. filed a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing that Mr. Thomas F. Frist, III accepted an invitation to be a director of SAIC, Inc., effective on September 23, 2009, to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors. On October 23, 2009, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Frist to the Audit Committee and the Finance Committee of the Board of Directors. In addition, the Board of Directors determined that Mr. Frist qualifies as an Audit Committee "financial expert" as defined by the rules under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20091117123239.txt.gz
TIME:20091117123239
EVENTS:	Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Material Modifications to Rights of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On November 16, 2009, SAIC, Inc. completed the reclassification of our class A preferred stock into common stock by filing an amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Delaware Secretary of State. Upon the effectiveness of this filing, each share of our class A preferred stock with 10 votes per share was automatically converted into one share of common stock with one vote per share. The proposal to automatically convert each share of our class A preferred stock into one share of common stock was previously approved by our stockholders at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 19, 2009. Following the effective date of the reclassification, all of the outstanding shares of common stock issued as a result of the reclassification will be listed on the NYSE using the "SAI" ticker symbol currently assigned to the common stock on the NYSE. Our Restated Certificate of Incorporation in the form filed with the Delaware Secretary of State is attached as Exhibit 3.1, and a copy of the press release announcing the reclassification is attached as Exhibit 99.1.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies as follows:
1. The name of the Corporation is SAIC, Inc.
2. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 12, 2005.
3. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends and restates the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation as heretofore amended and supplemented.
4. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "").
DGCL
5. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall become effective at 5:00 p.m., eastern time, on November 16, 2009 (the "").
Effective Time
6. Effective upon the Effective Time, the text of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:
 The name of the Corporation is SAIC, Inc.
FIRST: NAME.
 The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of its registered agent at that address is The Corporation Trust Company.
SECOND: ADDRESS.
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.
THIRD: PURPOSE.
FOURTH: CAPITALIZATION
(A) .
Authorized Capitalization
The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of capital stock to be designated, respectively, "" and "." The total number of shares of capital stock of all classes which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 2,010,000,000 shares, each with a par value of $0.0001 per share, of which:
Common Stock
Preferred Stock
(1) 2,000,000,000 shares shall be Common Stock; and
(2) 10,000,000 shares shall be Preferred Stock.
Effective upon the effectiveness of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation under the DGCL, (i) each share of Class A Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior thereto shall be reclassified, automatically and without further action on the part of the any holder thereof or otherwise, as one share of Common Stock, and (ii) each fractional share of Class A Preferred Stock outstanding immediately prior thereto shall be reclassified, automatically and without further action on the part of the any holder thereof or otherwise, as an equivalent fractional share of Common Stock.
The number of authorized shares of any class or classes of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL or any corresponding provision hereinafter enacted.
(B) .
Preferred Stock
The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock, in one or more series, and to fix for each such series the number of shares thereof and such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such distinctive designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such series and as may be permitted by the DGCL, including, without limitation, the authority to provide that any such series may be (a) subject to redemption at such time or times and at such price or prices; (b) entitled to receive dividends (which may be cumulative or non-cumulative) at such rates, on such conditions, and at such times, and payable in preference to, or in such relation to, the dividends payable on any other class or classes or any other series; (c) entitled to such rights upon the dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation; or (d) convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes of stock, or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock, of the Corporation at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such adjustments; all as may be stated in such resolution or resolutions.
 Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall otherwise provide.
FIFTH: BALLOT.
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind the Bylaws of the Corporation. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
SIXTH: BYLAWS.
SEVENTH: THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
 The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be not less than ten (10) and not more than eighteen (18), and the exact number shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.
(A) .
Number of Directors
At each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation commencing at the annual meeting of stockholders next following the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders, all directors shall be elected for a term expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, by such stockholders having the right to vote on such election. The term of each director serving as and immediately following the date of the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders shall expire at the next annual meeting of stockholders after such date, notwithstanding that such director may have been elected for a term that extended beyond the date of such annual meeting of stockholders. Each director shall serve until the director's term expires in accordance with the foregoing provisions or until the director's prior resignation, death, disqualification or removal from office, provided that each director shall serve notwithstanding the expiration of the director's term until the director's successor shall be duly elected and qualified.
(B) .
Term
 Unless otherwise restricted by applicable law, any director or the entire Board may be removed with or without cause by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
(C) .
Removal
 At any election of directors of the Corporation, a holder of any class or series of stock then entitled to vote in such election shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this Section (D) as to cumulative voting) such holder would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to such holder's shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected in the election in which such holder's class or series of shares is entitled to vote, and such holder may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or for any two or more of them as such holder may see fit.
(D) .
Cumulative Voting
 Any vacancy in the Board of Directors, whether because of resignation, death, disqualification, removal, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. The term of any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall expire at the next annual meeting
(E) .
Vacancies
 
of stockholders. Each director shall serve until the director's term expires in accordance with the foregoing provisions or until the director's prior resignation, death, disqualification or removal from office, provided that each director shall serve notwithstanding the expiration of the director's term until the director's successor shall be duly elected and qualified.
EIGHTH: MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS.
 No action shall be taken by the stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and no action may be effected by any consent in writing in lieu of a meeting of stockholders.
(A) .
No Action by Written Consent
 Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board of Directors, or by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, or by a committee of the Board of Directors which has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, include the power to call such meetings, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that, if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the DGCL (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
(B) .
Special Meetings
 The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions set forth in Articles FIFTH, SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH and this Article NINTH may not be repealed or amended in any respect unless such repeal or amendment is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
NINTH: AMENDMENT.
TENTH: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
(A) For the purposes of this Article TENTH:
(1) The term "" shall mean any individual, firm, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, corporation or other entity.
person
(2) The term "" shall mean any corporation more than fifty percent (50%) of any class of equity security of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation.
Subsidiary
(3) The term "" shall mean assets having a fair market value or book value, whichever is greater, equal to more than ten percent of the fair market value or book value, whichever is greater, of the total assets of a person as of the end of its most recent fiscal year ending prior to the time the determination is made.
Substantial Part of the Assets
(4) A person shall be a "" of any shares of voting stock of the Corporation (a) which such person or any of its "" or "" (as defined on the date of the adoption hereof in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the )) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, (b) which such person or any of its "" or "" has, directly or indirectly, (i) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (ii) the right to vote or direct the voting of pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, that a person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security by reason of such agreement, arrangement or understanding if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report), or (c) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other person with which such person or any of its "" or "" has any such agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of such voting stock.
Beneficial Owner
affiliates
associates
"Exchange Act"
affiliates
associates
provided, however,
affiliates
associates
 
(5) The term "" shall mean any person (except any profit-sharing, employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any Subsidiary or any trustee of or fiduciary with respect to any such plan when acting in such capacity) which is the Beneficial Owner (as herein defined) of five percent (5%) or more of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Related Person
(6) For the purposes of determining whether a person is a Related Person, the number of shares of voting stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include all shares deemed owned by such person through application of Section (A)(4), but shall not include any other shares of voting stock which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise.
(7) The term "" shall mean (a) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or a Subsidiary with or into a Related Person, (b) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or other disposition (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of all or any Substantial Part of the Assets (as herein defined) of a Related Person to the Corporation or to a Subsidiary, (c) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or other disposition (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of all or any Substantial Part of the Assets of the Corporation (including without limitation any securities of a Subsidiary) to a Related Person, (d) the issuance of any securities of the Corporation or a Subsidiary to a Related Person, (e) the acquisition by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of any securities of a Related Person, (f) any reclassification of the securities (including any reverse stock split) or recapitalization of the Corporation, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any Subsidiary or any other transaction (whether or not with or into or otherwise involving a Related Person) which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate amount of the outstanding shares of any class of equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities of the Corporation or any Subsidiary which is directly or indirectly owned by a Related Person, (g) any loan or other extension of credit by the Corporation or a Subsidiary to a Related Person or any guarantee by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of any loan or other extension of credit by any person to a Related Person, (h) the adoption of any plan or proposal for the dissolution, liquidation or termination of the Corporation or any Subsidiary proposed by or on behalf of a Related Person and (i) any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing for any of the foregoing Business Combination transactions.
Business Combination
(8) The term "" shall mean any member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation who is unaffiliated with the Related Person and was a member of the Board prior to the time that the Related Person became a Related Person, and any successor of a Continuing Director who is unaffiliated with the Related Person and is recommended or elected to succeed a Continuing Director by a majority of Continuing Directors, provided that such recommendation or election shall only be effective if made at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum is present.
Continuing Director
(9) The term "" shall mean a majority of the Continuing Directors capable of exercising the powers conferred upon them under the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation or by law.
Continuing Director Quorum
(B) The approval or authorization of any Business Combination (as herein defined) of the Corporation with any Related Person (as herein defined) shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) at least 80% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation and (ii) a majority of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation other than shares of voting stock of which such Related Person is the Beneficial Owner (as herein defined). Such affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact that no vote may be required, or that the affirmative vote of a lesser percentage of stockholders may be specified, by law or otherwise.
 
(C) The provisions of this Article TENTH shall not be applicable to any particular Business Combination, and such Business Combination shall require only such affirmative vote, if any, as may be required by law or otherwise, if:
(1) The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall by resolution have approved or ratified a memorandum of understanding approving such Business Combination with such Related Person prior to the time such Related Person became the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of five percent (5%) or more of the voting shares of the Corporation; or
(2) The Business Combination shall have been approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors (as herein defined) at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum (as herein defined) is present; or
(3) The Business Combination involves solely the Corporation and a Subsidiary (as herein defined) in which a Related Person has no direct or indirect interest (other than an interest arising solely because of control of the Corporation); provided, that if the Corporation is not the surviving corporation, (a) each stockholder of the Corporation receives the same type of consideration in such transaction in proportion to such stockholder's stockholdings, (b) the provisions of Articles SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH, NINTH, TENTH and ELEVENTH of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation are continued in effect or adopted by such surviving corporation as part of its articles of incorporation or certificate of incorporation, as the case may be, and such articles or certificate have no provisions inconsistent with such provisions, and (c) the provisions of the Corporation's Bylaws are continued in effect or adopted by such surviving corporation.
(D) Nothing contained in this Article TENTH shall be construed to relieve any Related Person of any fiduciary obligation imposed upon it by law.
(E) A majority of the Continuing Directors shall have the power and duty to determine, on the basis of information then known to them, whether (a) any person is a Related Person, (b) any Business Combination relates to a Substantial Part of the Assets of any person and (c) any director is a Continuing Director acting at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum is or was present. Any such determination by a majority of the Continuing Directors shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes of this Article TENTH.
(F) The stockholders of the Corporation shall be entitled to statutory appraisal rights to the maximum extent permissible under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, notwithstanding any exception otherwise provided therein, with respect to any Business Combination with a Related Person requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of outstanding stock of the Corporation having at least 80% of the voting power of the Corporation unless such vote is not required pursuant to Section C.
(G) No Business Combination subject to the provisions of Section B of this Article TENTH shall, unless such Business Combination shall be the subject of one of the exceptions provided for in Sections C(1), (2) or (3), be consummated, and the Corporation shall not enter into any such Business Combination, unless the agreement relating to such Business Combination shall provide that each stockholder of the Corporation who has voted against the Business Combination shall receive, at the time of the consummation of such Business Combination and in exchange for such stockholder's shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, at the option of such stockholder, either (i) the consideration offered by the Related Persons as part of the Business Combination, or (ii) consideration per share of capital stock of the Corporation held by such stockholder (either in cash or in the same form and of the same kind as the consideration paid by the Related Person in acquiring shares of capital stock of the Corporation, at the option of such stockholder) in an amount not less than the greater of the following:
(1) The highest per share price (including brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid by such Related Person in acquiring any of the capital stock of the Corporation, or
(2) A price bearing the same percentage relationship to the market price of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the announcement of the Business Combination as the highest price per share (including brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) of the capital stock of the Corporation previously paid by such Related Person for shares of capital stock of the Corporation bears to the market price of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the time such Related Person initially acquired any shares of capital stock of the Corporation notwithstanding that such person was not a Related Person at the time of such initial acquisition.
(H) Notice of any proposed alteration, amendment, rescission or repeal of this Article TENTH shall be included in the notice of any annual or special meeting of stockholders at which such proposal is to be considered.
 
(I) The provisions set forth in this Article TENTH may not be amended, altered, changed or repealed nor may any provision inconsistent with such provisions be added to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation except upon the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) at least eighty percent (80%) of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation and (ii) a majority of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation other than shares of voting stock which are Beneficially Owned by a Related Person which has directly or indirectly proposed such amendment, alteration, change or repeal; , that any or all of such provisions may be amended, altered, changed or repealed, and any such new provisions may be added, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding voting securities of the Corporation, if such amendment, change, alteration or repeal or additional provision shall first have been approved and recommended by a resolution adopted by a majority vote of the Continuing Directors at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum was present.
provided, however
ELEVENTH: INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(A) .
Indemnification
 The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and elected and appointed officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or administrators) in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
(1) 
Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
 The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by past or present directors and officers of the Corporation in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; , that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by such persons to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article ELEVENTH or otherwise.
(2)
 Advancement of Expenses.
provided, however
 The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation who are not directors or officers similar to those conferred in this Section (A) to directors and officers of the Corporation.
(3)
 Indemnification of Employees and Agents.
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section (A) shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any statute, agreement, insurance policy, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
 No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (1) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL or (4) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
(B) .
Limitation on Liability
 Any repeal or modification of Section (A) shall not adversely affect any rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses of a director or officer of the Corporation existing pursuant to Section (A) with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification. Any repeal or modification of Sections (A) or (B) shall not have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
(C) .
Repeal or Modification of Rights
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SAIC, Inc. has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed in its corporate name by its Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary as of this 16th day of November, 2009.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(McLEAN, Va. and SAN DIEGO) Nov. 17, 2009  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, announced it has completed the reclassification of its class A preferred stock into common stock. As a result of the reclassification, each share of class A preferred stock with 10 votes per share was automatically converted into one share of common stock with one vote per share. No class A preferred shares remain outstanding. SAIC's stockholders approved the reclassification at the company's annual meeting June 19, 2009.
The reclassification became effective yesterday. SAIC common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "SAI."
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science To Solutions
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2009, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20091208161226.txt.gz
TIME:20091208161226
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 8, 2009, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the third quarter ended October 31, 2009. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
(d)
Exhibits
Exhibit 99.1    Press Release dated December 8, 2009 issued by SAIC, Inc.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
(MCLEAN, VA)  December 8, 2009  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, which ended October 31, 2009.
"We continue to deliver world class solutions to our customers and financial results consistent with our goals. The third quarter reflects strong earnings per share growth driven by significantly improved operating margins," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer. "Internal revenue growth was lower than we've recently experienced; in part from the expected effects of an acquisition and the effects of fewer new contract starts in recent quarters. Our overall view for fiscal year 2010 is essentially unchanged; we expect to continue delivering solid program execution and perform within all of our long-term financial goals."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.77 billion, up 5 percent from $2.63 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. Internal revenue growth, which includes year-over-year performance of acquisitions, represented 1 percentage point of the consolidated revenue growth for the quarter. Internal revenue growth was adversely affected by the year-over-year decline in revenues of an acquisition made in the third quarter. Internal revenue growth would have been 4 percent exclusive of this acquisition. Internal revenue growth was also adversely affected by fewer new contract starts, particularly in the intelligence business area, resulting from lower bookings in the first half of the year.
Operating income for the quarter was $233 million (8.4 percent of revenue), up 14 percent from $205 million (7.8 percent of revenue) in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. Growth in quarterly operating income margin percentage was driven by strong contract performance and continued improvements in cost efficiency. Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $135 million, up 14 percent from $118 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.34, up 17 percent from $0.29 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 388 million, down 3 percent from 398 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009, due primarily to share repurchases made over the last four quarters. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.34 for the quarter, up 17 percent from $0.29 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $250 million (or 1.9 times income from continuing operations), up 34% from $186 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. The increase in cash flow from operations primarily resulted from one fewer payroll cycle in the current year quarter. Days sales outstanding were 70 days in the quarter, compared to 69 days in the third quarter of fiscal 2009.
During the quarter, the company used $158 million to fund the acquisition of R.W. Beck Group, Inc., a leading provider of business and technical consulting services in engineering, energy and infrastructure, and to acquire a minority stake in and form a strategic alliance with BPL Global, Ltd., a smart grid technology company. The strategic alliance is focused on developing and deploying solutions that optimize and improve the efficiency and reliability of the electric power grid.
During the quarter, the company used $55 million to repurchase approximately 3.1 million shares including 2.7 million under the company's stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. As of October 31, 2009, the company had $991 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $3.0 billion in the third quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1. Net bookings are calculated as the period's ending backlog plus the period's revenues less the prior period's ending backlog and less the backlog obtained in acquisitions during the period.
Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2010 was $16.6 billion, of which $5.5 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2009, total backlog and funded backlog both decreased 3 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $11.1 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
 
Forward Guidance
Given its operating performance through the third quarter of the fiscal year, the company expects results to be consistent with its long-term financial goals during fiscal year 2010. These goals are:
 
 
 
With respect to fiscal year 2011, starting on February 1, 2010, the company also expects its performance to be consistent with these financial goals. However, with the longer procurement cycle and greater pressure on Federal discretionary spending due to concerns about the deficit, internal revenue growth is expected to be on the low end of the goal range. As a result, growth in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations is also expected on the low end of the goal range.
"While we will vigorously pursue achieving our long-term financial goals, the pace of awards coupled with the tougher environment only supports expected revenue growth performance at the low end of our targeted range," said Mark W. Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer. "Also, while we expect to continue to improve operating margins again next year, internal revenue growth at the low end of the targeted range will tend to correspond to earnings per share growth at the lower end of the targeted range as well. That said, we are focused on generating long-term shareholder returns through more investment in growth initiatives and rationally deploying our capital."
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $10.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2009. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
 
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans" "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others; our ability to successfully acquire and integrate businesses; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of December 8, 2009. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Mark Sopp
703-676-2283
 
 
 
 
 
 
In this release, we refer to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that may be required to be reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We calculate our internal revenue growth percentage by comparing our reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to our prior year period reported revenue.
We use internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful we are at growing our base business and how successful we are at growing the revenues of the businesses that we acquire. Our integration of acquired businesses allows our current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for our executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We address this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that we use to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2009 were calculated as follows:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20100219160654.txt.gz
TIME:20100219160654
EVENTS:	Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
TEXT:
ITEM: Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SAIC, Inc. previously disclosed that an IT outsourcing services contract with Scottish Power UK plc would expire on March 31, 2010. We entered into the initial contract with Scottish Power in 2000, and acquired certain obligations under an associated defined benefit pension plan at that time in accordance with the terms of the contract and applicable law. As of January 31, 2009, the pension plan had underfunded projected benefit obligations of $35 million and an unrecognized actuarial loss (pre-tax) of $42 million.
In advance of the contract termination date, Scottish Power solicited bids from several potential service providers. We submitted a bid to Scottish Power on the follow-on contract on terms and conditions that we believed were commensurate with the services required. As previously disclosed, if Scottish Power had accepted our bid, we anticipated recognizing charges in the first half of fiscal year 2011 related to reductions in personnel and infrastructure of $10 million to $12 million. Conversely, if the contract was awarded to another contractor, we previously disclosed we anticipated recognizing charges of $25 million to $30 million related to the underfunded pension obligations associated with certain employees who will transfer to the successor contractor and from severance and additional contractual retirement benefits related to reductions in personnel.
On February 16, 2010, we received notice from Scottish Power indicating that it had entered into a contract for this work with another contractor. Consistent with our previous disclosure relating to this matter, we expect to recognize charges (pre-tax) of $20 million to $30 million from recognition of losses related to the underfunded pension obligations associated with certain employees who are expected to transfer to the successor contractor and from severance and additional contractual retirement benefits related to reductions in personnel. We expect approximately half of these charges will be non-cash. The definitive amount and timing of the charges we will incur depends on the number of employees who will transfer to the successor contractor, the performance of the pension plan assets and the date on which the pension plan assets and obligations actually transfer. We currently anticipate recognizing substantially all of these losses during the first half of the fiscal year ending January 31, 2011. We will have continuing, but significantly reduced, defined benefit pension obligations following expiration of the contract with respect to former employees who performed services on the Scottish Power IT contract.
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those identified in this report, and the amount, timing and nature of the charges we recognize may differ materially. Due to these risks and uncertainties, readers of this report are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statement provided in this report to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in our expectations.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20100330161103.txt.gz
TIME:20100330161103
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 30, 2010, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended January 31, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
Exhibit 99.1       Press Release dated March 30, 2010 issued by SAIC, Inc.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
(McLEAN, Va.) March 30, 2010  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2010, which ended January 31, 2010.
"We are pleased to complete the fiscal year with improved operating margin, earnings per share and cash generation," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer. "Our market positioning is strong, particularly our understanding of our customer's missions and our ability to deliver rapid-response, best-of-breed solutions for war fighters and the intelligence community. We enter fiscal year 2011 with our portfolio of capabilities well aligned with national priorities, emphasizing areas such as intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR), cybersecurity, logistics, energy, and health technology to fuel our growth and shareholder value prospects."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.68 billion, up 7 percent from $2.52 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009. Full-year revenues were $10.85 billion, up 8 percent from fiscal year 2009. Internal revenue growth, which includes year-over-year performance of acquisitions, represented 4 percentage points of the consolidated revenue growth for the quarter and 6 percentage points of the consolidated revenue growth for the fiscal year. Key drivers of internal revenue growth for the quarter included military logistics programs, defense systems engineering and information technology, and military healthcare information technology.
Operating income for the quarter was $209 million (7.8 percent of revenue), up slightly from $208 million (8.3 percent of revenue) in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009. The year-over-year decline in operating margin was primarily attributable to an $8 million (28 percent) increase in bid and proposal expenses and a $6 million charge for the impairment of an intangible asset related to a fiscal year 2009 acquisition. Full-year operating income was $867 million (8.0 percent of revenue), up 12 percent from $776 million (7.7 percent of revenue) in fiscal year 2009.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $123 million, up 3 percent from $119 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009. Full-year income from continuing operations was $500 million, up 12 percent from $447 million in fiscal year 2009.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.31, up 7 percent from $0.29 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 387 million, down 3 percent from 399 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009, due primarily to share repurchases made throughout the year. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $1.24, up 15 percent from $1.08 in fiscal year 2009.
Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.31 for the quarter, up 7 percent from $0.29 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009. Diluted earnings per share for the year were $1.24, up 14 percent from $1.09 in fiscal year 2009.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for fiscal year 2010 was $620 million, reflecting 1.25 times income from continuing operations and up 6 percent from $583 million in fiscal year 2009. The increase in fiscal year 2010 was primarily due to increased net income from continuing operations. Days sales outstanding were 69 days, up slightly from 68 days at the end of fiscal year 2009.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, the company used $99 million to fund acquisitions, including the acquisition of Science, Engineering, and Technology Associates Corporation, a leading provider of smart sensor-based technologies and information solutions. Also, the company used $143 million to repurchase approximately 7.6 million shares including 7.2 million under the company's stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. As of January 31, 2010, the company had $861 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
Mark W. Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "In fiscal year 2010 we were able to meet or exceed our announced financial growth targets. Our operating performance and cash generation allowed us to deploy cash towards acquisitions and share repurchases, while maintaining a conservative balance sheet for future growth initiatives."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter and $9.5 billion for the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.6 and 0.9 for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, respectively. Net bookings are calculated as the period's ending backlog plus the period's revenues less the prior period's ending backlog and less the backlog obtained in acquisitions during the period. Net bookings were adversely affected by lower new contract awards and reductions in backlog from the partial termination of an element of the Army's Brigade Combat Team Modernization (BCTM) program and reductions in expected realizable revenues from other defense programs.
Large definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) and Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) contracts that are not included in net bookings. Awards during the quarter include:
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of fiscal year 2010 was $15.6 billion, of which $5.3 billion was funded. As compared to the end of fiscal year 2009, total backlog decreased 7 percent and funded backlog decreased 6 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.3 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
In December 2009, the company provided initial guidance for fiscal year 2011, which was internal revenue growth at the low end of the company's long term goal of 6 percent to 9 percent, operating margin improvement of 20 to 30 basis points, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations growth at the low end of the company's long term goal of 11 percent to 18 percent.
For fiscal year 2011, the company is now expecting internal revenue growth in the 3 percent to 6 percent range, operating margin improvement of 10 to 20 basis points, and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations growth in the 8 percent to 14 percent range. These operating margin and diluted earnings per share expectations exclude the charges from the previously announced expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract, currently estimated to be in the range of $20 to $30 million.
"The slower than anticipated pace of new contract awards, coupled with the tougher government contracting environment warrants an update to our previous expectations for fiscal year 2011," said Mark W. Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer. "While there is substantial growth in submitted proposals awaiting decision over last year, the timing of decisions is uncertain. However, our contract win rates remain strong, and we believe our capabilities and investment focus on the higher growth areas position us well for the future."
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 46,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $10.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2010. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans" "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules and regulations; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules, regulations and practices; the outcome of U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to successfully acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of March 30, 2010. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 
 
 
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three months and year ended January 31, 2010 were calculated as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to expectations of operating margin improvement and growth in diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations excluding charges from the expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The company calculates these measures by excluding those expected charges from operating income and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Those reconciliations, which are provided below, have the impact of reducing operating margin improvement and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations growth.
We use these non-GAAP measures to provide investors with visibility to how we expect our business to perform excluding the impact of the expected charges arising from the expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract. The limitation of these non-GAAP measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that we expect to incur charges associated with this contract expiration which are not reflected in these non-GAAP measures. We address this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in connection with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Reconciliation of Expected Operating Margin Improvement for the Year Ended January 31, 2011:
 
Reconciliation of Expected Diluted Earnings Per Share From Continuing Operations Growth for the Year Ended January 31, 2011:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20100519170502.txt.gz
TIME:20100519170502
EVENTS:	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In November 2006, we transferred several patents to VirnetX, Inc. In return, we received certain license rights and the right to receive, subject to certain caps and other limitations, royalties on VirnetX sales and a percentage of the consideration received in certain acquisitions and in patent infringement or enforcement claims against certain third parties, including Microsoft Corporation.
On May 14, 2010, VirnetX and Microsoft entered into a Settlement and License Agreement to settle all claims asserted by VirnetX against Microsoft in two lawsuits filed by VirnetX in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. Under the Settlement and License Agreement, Microsoft has agreed to make a one-time payment to VirnetX of $200 million in cash in exchange for dismissing both lawsuits and VirnetX granting to Microsoft a worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive, non-sublicensable fully paid up license under VirnetX's patents. Under our agreements with VirnetX, we are entitled to receive 35% of the proceeds from the settlement of litigation with Microsoft after reduction for the out-of-pocket costs, including legal fees and expenses, of VirnetX and SAIC incurred in connection with the litigation, which costs are preliminarily estimated by VirnetX to be in the range of $40 to $45 million.
The patented technologies that were the subject of the VirnetXMicrosoft litigation were developed by us, in part, for a customer that paid us to develop these technologies for its use while we retained ownership of the patents. As a result of the settlement of the VirnetXMicrosoft litigation, we are required to pay this customer a royalty under the original customer contract on amounts that we receive from this settlement. Under the terms of the customer contract, the royalty must not exceed a commercially reasonable royalty fee based on the incremental contribution of the intellectual property developed under the contract to the value of the product as a whole. We were unable to reach agreement with the customer on a specific royalty percentage at the time we entered into the customer contract. If we are unable to reach agreement on the amount of the royalty owed to the customer from the VirnetXMicrosoft litigation settlement, pursuant to the terms of the customer contract, the amount of the royalty will be determined by arbitration.
Given the uncertainties described above, at this time we are not able to reliably estimate the net proceeds that we will receive in connection with the settlement of the VirnetXMicrosoft litigation.
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including the costs estimated to have been incurred in connection with the VirnetXMicrosoft litigation, the royalty amount that we may be required to pay to the customer who paid for part of the development of the patented technologies, and the payment by Microsoft to VirnetX and VirnetX to us of the settlement proceeds due to the respective parties in accordance with the terms of various agreements. Due to these risks and uncertainties, readers of this report are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statement provided in this report to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in our expectations.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20100603160512.txt.gz
TIME:20100603160512
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 3, 2010, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first quarter ended April 30, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
MCLEAN, Va., June 3, 2010 SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, which ended April 30, 2010.
"We won several significant contracts during the quarter in national priority areas such as cybersecurity and logistics," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer. "These awards reflect the strong alignment between our strategic capabilities and our customers' missions. We improved our book-to-bill ratio considerably to 1.2, and our outlook for fiscal year 2011 remains unchanged."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.69 billion, up 1 percent from $2.65 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. Internal revenue growth contracted 1 percentage point for the quarter. Internal revenue growth was adversely affected by fewer new contract starts from lower recent bookings, and lower demand for materials on a number of programs.
Operating income for the quarter was $207 million (7.7 percent of revenue), up 1 percent from $204 million (7.7 percent of revenue) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. Operating income for the quarter included a $3 million severance charge in connection with the expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract. Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $125 million, up 7 percent from $117 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. The growth in income from continuing operations was primarily driven by a lower effective tax rate as a result of the resolution of income tax uncertainties.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.32, up 10 percent from $0.29 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 378 million, down 5 percent from 397 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010, due primarily to share repurchases made over the last five quarters.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $138 million (or 1.1 times income from continuing operations), down 15 percent from $163 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. Days sales outstanding were 69 days in the quarter, compared to 68 days in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010.
During the quarter, the company used $140 million to fund the acquisition of CloudShield Technologies, a leading cybersecurity and management solutions provider. Also, the company used $291 million to repurchase approximately 16.1 million shares including 14.6 million under the company's stock repurchase program and the remainder in recurring repurchases from employees in settlement of withholding taxes associated with stock option exercises and vesting events. As of April 30, 2010, the company had $568 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
Mark W. Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "We continued to manage working capital well and deployed a significant amount of cash this quarter, particularly toward share repurchases. We expect these actions will contribute to earnings growth in future quarters, while we have retained ample capacity for investment opportunities ahead."
New Business Awards
Net new business bookings totaled $3.2 billion in the first quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.2. Net bookings are calculated as the current period's ending backlog plus the current period's revenues less the prior period's ending backlog and less the backlog obtained in acquisitions during the period.
Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. The most notable IDIQ awards during the quarter were:
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2011 was $16.1 billion, of which $5.6 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2010, total backlog increased 3 percent and funded backlog increased 7 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.5 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Given its operating and business development performance through the first quarter of the fiscal year, the company expects its fiscal 2011 results to be consistent with the forward guidance provided on March 30, 2010. These expectations are:
 
 
 
These operating margin and diluted earnings per share expectations exclude the charges from the previously announced expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract, currently estimated to be in the range of $20 to $30 million.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $10.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2010. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans" "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, earnings, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to successfully acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of June 3, 2010. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Mark Sopp
703-676-2283
 
 
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The Company believes that the integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three months ended April 30, 2010 were calculated as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to year-to-date and expectations of operating income margin improvement and growth in diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations excluding charges from the expiration of the Scottish Power IT Outsourcing Contract, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The company calculates these measures by excluding those year-to-date and expected charges from operating income and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Those reconciliations, which are provided below, have the impact of reducing operating margin improvement and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations growth.
The company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how it expects its business to perform excluding the impact of the year-to-date and expected charges arising from the expiration of the Scottish Power IT Outsourcing Contract. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the company has incurred and expects to incur charges associated with this contract expiration which are not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Reconciliation of Expected Operating Income Margin Improvement for the Year Ended January 31, 2011:
 
Reconciliation of Expected Diluted Earnings Per Share From Continuing Operations Growth for the Year Ended January 31, 2011:
 
 
Reconciliation of Operating Income Margin Improvement  Year-to-Date Fiscal Year 2011
 
Reconciliation of Diluted Earnings Per Share From Continuing Operations Growth  Year-to-Date Fiscal Year 2011
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20100623161744.txt.gz
TIME:20100623161744
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Other Events
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Other Events
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of SAIC, Inc. was held on June 18, 2010. All of the directors nominated for election in SAIC's 2010 Proxy Statement were elected. In addition, the stockholders ratified the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as SAIC's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2011.
Set forth below are the final voting results for each of the proposals submitted to the stockholders:
 
 
 
 
 
Effective as of June 18, 2010, the Board of Directors elected A. Thomas Young to serve as the Chair of the Board. Mr. Young, an independent director, had previously served as Lead Director and has been a director of the Company since 1995.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20100901161255.txt.gz
TIME:20100901161255
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On September 1, 2010, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the second quarter ended July 31, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
MCLEAN, Va., Sept. 1, 2010  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, which ended July 31, 2010.
"We continue to balance our resource allocation among internal growth efforts, merger and acquisition activity, and share buybacks to promote long-term growth and increased shareholder value," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer. "I am pleased by the new business opportunities arising from stronger bookings year-to-date, our record high number of submitted proposals awaiting decision, and also the prospects of Reveal Imaging Technologies, Inc., which we acquired just after the end of the quarter."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.79 billion, up 2 percent from $2.75 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. Internal revenue growth contracted 1 percentage point for the quarter. Operating income for the quarter was $273 million (9.8 percent of revenue), up 24 percent from $221 million (8.0 percent of revenue) in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. Revenues and operating income for the quarter were favorably impacted by $56 million in revenues received in connection with royalty rights SAIC obtained in the transfer of certain patents to VirnetX, Inc. and the subsequent settlement of litigation against Microsoft Corporation relating to those patents. Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $158 million, up 26 percent from $125 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.42, up 35 percent from $0.31 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 365 million, down 6 percent from 388 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010, due primarily to share repurchases. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.50 for the quarter, up from $0.31 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. Discontinued operations for the quarter benefited from the settlement of an arbitration proceeding between the company's former Telcordia subsidiary and Telkom South Africa, as SAIC retained certain rights to proceeds from that arbitration in the sale of the subsidiary.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flows provided by operations for the quarter were $111 million (or .7 times income from continuing operations), compared to $109 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2010. Days sales outstanding were 65 days in the quarter compared to 64 days in the second quarter of fiscal 2010. Cash flows provided by operations benefited from the $56 million royalty receipt, which was more than offset by payments of income taxes and interest concentrated in the second quarter. Cash flows from discontinued operations of $82 million for the quarter include the proceeds from the Telkom South Africa settlement. The payments of related obligations to tax authorities and to SAIC's former Telcordia subsidiary are expected to be made in upcoming quarters.
During the quarter, the company used $154 million to repurchase approximately 8.7 million shares under the company's stock repurchase program. As of July 31, 2010, the company had $604 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
Mark W. Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "We are pleased with the successful conclusions reached in both the royalty matter and the long-standing dispute with Telkom South Africa. We'll use these cash proceeds to fund ongoing growth initiatives consistent with our long-term strategy."
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $2.7 billion in the second quarter, representing an increase of 19 percent from the second quarter of the prior year and contributing to a 21 percent increase on a year-to-date basis over the prior year. The book-to-bill ratio was 1.0 for the second quarter and 1.1 for the first six months of fiscal year 2011. Net bookings are calculated as the current period's ending backlog plus the current period's revenues less the prior period's ending backlog and less the backlog obtained in acquisitions during the period.
Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts and Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) contracts that are not included in net bookings. Awards during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2011 was $16.0 billion, of which $5.8 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, total backlog was largely unchanged while funded backlog increased 3 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.2 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Given its operating and business development performance through the second quarter of the fiscal year, including the $56 million royalty receipt, the company expects its fiscal year 2011 results to be as follows:
 
 
 
These operating margin and diluted earnings per share expectations exclude the charges from the previously announced expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract, currently estimated to be in the range of $20 to $30 million.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $10.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2010. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to successfully acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of September 1, 2010. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Paul Levi
703-676-2283
 
 
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The company believes that the integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three and six months ended July 31, 2010 were calculated as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to year-to-date and expectations of operating income margin improvement and growth in diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations excluding charges from the expiration of the Scottish Power IT Outsourcing Contract, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The company calculates these measures by excluding the year-to-date and expected Scottish Power charges from operating income and diluted EPS from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Those reconciliations, which are provided below, have the impact of decreasing operating margin improvement and diluted EPS from continuing operations growth.
The company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how it expects its business to perform excluding the impact of the year-to-date and expected charges arising from the expiration of the Scottish Power IT Outsourcing Contract. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the company has incurred and expects to incur charges associated with this contract expiration which are not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20100922133408.txt.gz
TIME:20100922133408
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
(d) Mr. Lawrence C. Nussdorf was elected as a director of SAIC, Inc., effective September 16, 2010, to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors. He was also appointed as a member of the Audit Committee and the Finance Committee.
Mr. Nussdorf has been president and chief operating officer of Clark Enterprises, Inc., a privately held investment and real estate company, since 1998. He has managed that company's day-to-day operations for more than 30 years, and is responsible for all aspects of its financial, investment and legal activities and directs its business strategies for growth and diversification.
We lease an office facility in Arlington, Virginia, from Quincy Street Station, LLC. The lease expires on December 31, 2018. Aggregate payments under the lease were approximately $5.6 million in our most recently completed fiscal year. Mr. Nussdorf indirectly owns less than 5% of Quincy Street Station LLC. Clark Enterprises, Inc. and A. James Clark (chairman of the board, CEO and majority owner of Clark Enterprises, Inc.), in the aggregate, directly own a majority interest in Quincy Street Station LLC. Mr. Nussdorf, president and chief operating officer of Clark Enterprises, Inc., owns less than a 10% interest in Clark Enterprises, Inc.
As a director, Mr. Nussdorf will be entitled to receive the standard remuneration provided to our non-management directors, including (i) an annual cash retainer of $50,000, (ii) fees of $2,000 for each meeting of the Board that he attends and for each meeting of any committee of which he is a member that he attends, and (iii) an annual grant of equity awards valued at approximately $150,000, two-thirds in the form of restricted stock and one-third in the form of stock options.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20101013071559.txt.gz
TIME:20101013071559
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SAIC Institutional Investor Conference
SAIC, Inc. is holding its fourth annual Institutional Investor Conference in McLean, Virginia today, October 13, 2010. At the Conference, several executives of the Company will provide an overview of the Company and an update on its growth strategy, competitive environment and financial performance. Interested parties can listen to the presentations through a live audio webcast on the Company's website, www.saic.com, beginning at 8:00 a.m. Eastern time today, October 13, 2010.
Charts to be used in the presentations made by the Company's executives at the Conference are attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1.
Certain statements made in the charts attached to this report as Exhibit 99.1 or by executives at the Conference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act). Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause the Company's actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2010, the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings that the Company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to these uncertainties and risks, readers of this report and persons who view these presentations are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of October 13, 2010. The Company disclaims any duty to update guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in the Exhibit to this report or in the presentations made by Company executives at the Conference to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Exchange Act. Furthermore, the information contained in this report, including the Exhibit attached hereto, shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement of the Company or other document filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 



</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20101208161101.txt.gz
TIME:20101208161101
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 8, 2010, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the third quarter ended October 31, 2010. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
- Revenues: Up 4 percent to $2.87 billion; internal growth 2 percent
- Operating Income: Up 11 percent to $258 million; operating margin 9.0 percent
- Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations: Up 21 percent to $0.41
MCLEAN, Va., Dec. 8, 2010 SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, which ended October 31, 2010.
"Our employees continue to deliver effectively in support of mission critical customer programs. Strong program execution and improved returns on fixed price contracts contributed to operating profit and earnings per share growth over the same period last year," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer.
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.87 billion, up 4 percent from $2.77 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010. Internal revenue growth, which includes year-over-year performance of acquisitions, represented 2 percent of the consolidated revenue growth for the quarter. Internal revenue growth was driven by increased activity on certain intelligence and command, control and communications contracts.
Operating income for the quarter was $258 million (9.0 percent of revenue), up 11 percent from $233 million (8.4 percent of revenue) in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010. The improvement in operating income was the result of strong program performance, particularly on certain fixed-price contracts, and increased cost recovery on cost reimbursable contracts. Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $154 million, up 14 percent from $135 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.41, up 21 percent from $0.34 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 360 million, down 7 percent from 388 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010, due primarily to share repurchases in prior quarters. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.46 for the quarter, up from $0.34 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010. Discontinued operations for the quarter benefited from the resolution of certain contingencies related to the sale of the company's former Telcordia subsidiary.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $315 million, compared to $250 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010. Days sales outstanding were 69 days in the quarter compared to 70 days in the third quarter of fiscal year 2010.
During the quarter, the company used $218 million to fund the acquisition of Reveal Imaging Technologies, Inc., a leading threat detection products and services company serving customers in the transportation safety industry. As of October 31, 2010, the company had $644 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.1 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $3.1 billion in the third quarter, representing an increase of 4 percent from the third quarter of the prior year and contributing to a 14 percent increase on a year-to-date basis over the prior year. The book-to-bill ratio was 1.1 for the third quarter and 1.1 for the first nine months of fiscal year 2011. Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, SAIC also won several ID/IQ contracts that are not included in net bookings. Awards during the quarter include:
 
 
 
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2011 was $16.3 billion, of which $6.3 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, total backlog increased 2 percent while funded backlog increased 9 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $10.0 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under ID/IQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Given its operating performance and outlook through the third quarter of the fiscal year, the company is revising its expectations for internal revenue growth and operating profit margin for fiscal year 2011. The revised fiscal year 2011 guidance is:
 
 
 
With respect to fiscal year 2012, starting on February 1, 2011, the company is simplifying its guidance policy going forward such that the company will provide an outlook of the expected revenue range and the expected range of diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. The company will also provide its expected minimum level of cash flows from continuing operations. The company's outlook for fiscal year 2012 is:
 
 
 
Fiscal year 2011 and 2012 guidance excludes any future charges from the previously announced expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract and excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 45,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $10.8 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2010. For more information, visit www.saic.com. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans", "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; U.S. Government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at www.saic.com.
All information in this release is as of December 8, 2010. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Paul Levi
703-676-2283
Media Relations:
 
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The company believes that the integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2010 were calculated as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to expectations of operating income margin improvement, growth in diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations and diluted EPS from continuing operations excluding future charges from the expiration of the Scottish Power IT outsourcing contract, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The company calculates these measures by excluding the expected future Scottish Power related charges from operating income and diluted EPS from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
During fiscal year 2011 and 2012, the company expects to recognize future charges (pre-tax) of $20 million to $30 million from recognition of losses related to the underfunded pension obligations associated with certain employees whose pension plan assets and obligations are expected to transfer to the successor contractor for the Scottish Power contract and from related costs. Because the timing of this loss is uncertain, the company presents its expectations of operating income margin improvement, growth in diluted EPS from continuing operations and diluted EPS from continuing operations, excluding these expected future charges and is unable to reconcile these amounts to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Excluding these expected future charges has the impact of increasing operating margin improvement, diluted EPS from continuing operations growth and diluted EPS from continuing operations.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20101213205413.txt.gz
TIME:20101213205413
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 13, 2010, SAIC, Inc. issued press releases announcing the offering and pricing of $450 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.450% Notes due 2020 and $300 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% Notes due 2040, pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
A copy of the press releases are attached as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 and are incorporated herein by reference.
The information contained in this report shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this report in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
SAIC Announces Proposed Private Offering of $750 Million Senior Notes
MCLEAN, Va., Dec 13, 2010  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), today announced that it is proposing to offer through a private placement $750 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due 2020 and 2040 (the "Notes"). SAIC currently expects to use approximately $300 million of the net proceeds to repurchase additional shares of common stock to offset the impact on earnings per share for fiscal 2012 from the additional interest expense associated with the Notes. The actual amount of common stock repurchased will depend on market conditions and may be less than or greater than the amount currently expected as determined by the board of directors.
If issued, the Notes will be guaranteed by SAIC's wholly-owned subsidiary, Science Applications International Corporation. The Notes and the related guarantees are being offered by the initial purchasers only to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or, outside the United States, to persons other than "U.S. persons" in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes and the related guarantees have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, registration requirements.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, statements about the proposed private placement, intended use of proceeds and additional stock repurchases. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
All information in this release is as of December 13, 2010. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Paul Levi
703-676-2283
Media Relations:

Exhibit 99.2
MCLEAN, Va., December 13, 2010  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI) today announced the pricing of its sale of $450 million of 4.450% Notes due 2020 (the "2020 Notes") and $300 million of 5.950% Notes due 2040 (the "2040 Notes" and together with the 2020 Notes, the "Notes"). The offering is expected to settle on December 20, 2010.
The 2020 Notes will bear interest at the rate of 4.450% per year and the 2040 Notes will bear interest at the rate of 5.950% per year. Interest will be payable semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 for each of the 2020 Notes and the 2040 Notes, commencing on June 1, 2011.
SAIC intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. SAIC currently expects to use approximately $300 million of the net proceeds to repurchase additional shares of common stock to offset the impact on earnings per share for fiscal 2012 from the additional interest expense associated with the Notes. The actual amount of common stock repurchased will depend on market conditions and may be less than or greater than the amount currently expected as determined by the board of directors.
The Notes will be guaranteed by SAIC's wholly-owned subsidiary, Science Applications International Corporation. The Notes and the related guarantees are being offered by the initial purchasers only to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or, outside the United States, to persons other than "U.S. persons" in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes and the related guarantees have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, registration requirements.
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, statements about the proposed private placement, intended use of proceeds and additional stock repurchases. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors. For information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
All information in this release is as of December 13, 2010. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Paul Levi
703-676-2283
Media Relations:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20101222130903.txt.gz
TIME:20101222130903
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 20, 2010, SAIC, Inc. (the "Company") issued $450 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.450% Notes due 2020 (the "2020 Notes") and $300 million aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% Notes due 2040 (the "2040 Notes" and, together with the 2020 Notes, the "Notes"). In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Company entered into an indenture, dated as of December 20, 2010, among the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiary Science Applications International Corporation (the "Guarantor") and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (the "Indenture"). The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Guarantor. The Notes and related guarantee were offered and sold either to "qualified institutional buyers" in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or, outside the United States, to persons other than "U.S. persons" in compliance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, the offer and sale of the Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act and the Notes may not be offered or sold except in compliance with the Securities Act.
The Indenture contains limitations on liens, limitations on sale and lease-back transactions and limitations on mergers, consolidations and sales of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or the Guarantor. The Indenture also contains customary events of default, including (1) a default in any payment of interest on any debt security when it becomes due and the default continues for a period of 30 days or more; (2) a default in the payment of principal, or premium or sinking fund installment, if any, on any debt security when due; (3) a default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant in the Indenture (other than defaults specified in (1) or (2) above) and the default or breach continues for a period of 90 days or more after the Company receives written notice from the Trustee or the Company and the Trustee receives notice from the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class); (4) the guarantee of the Guarantor ceasing to be (or being claimed by the Guarantor to not be) in full force and effect; and (5) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, administration or similar proceedings with respect to the Company, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Company.
The Indenture and the debt securities issued thereunder may be modified or amended by Company, the Guarantor and the trustee with the consent of holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the outstanding debt securities under the Indenture affected by the amendment or modification (voting together as a single class); provided, however, that no modification or amendment may be made without consent of the holder of each outstanding debt security with respect to certain items, including, but not limited to, the stated maturity, any reduction in the principal amount or rate of interest, if any, payable on the debt securities and other similar items related to the terms of the specific debt securities.
The Company may, without notice to or the consent of holders of the debt securities, issue other series of debt securities under the Indenture in the future on terms and conditions different from the Notes.
The Notes are the Company's unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and will rank equally with all of the Company's other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness from time to time outstanding. The 2020 Notes and 2040 Notes mature on December 1, 2020 and December 1, 2040, respectively. Interest accrues on the Notes from December 20, 2010 and is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on June 1, 2011. At its option, the Company may redeem the Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time prior to maturity at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest, including Additional Interest (as defined below) thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the form of Notes) plus 20 basis points with respect to the 2020 Notes and 25 basis points with respect to the 2040 Notes, plus accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. If the Company experiences certain kinds of change of control specified in the form of Notes, it may be required to offer to repurchase all or any part of the Notes from the holders thereof at a purchase price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase.
 
In connection with the issuance and sale of the Notes and related guarantee, the Company, the Guarantor and the initial purchasers of the Notes entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 20, 2010 (the "Registration Rights Agreement"). The Registration Rights Agreement provides for the benefit of the holders of the Notes that the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to file with the Securities Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a registration statement relating to an offer to exchange the Notes (and related guarantee) for an issue of notes (and related guarantee) that are registered with the SEC and are identical in all material respects to the Notes (and related guarantee) (except that the notes will not contain terms with respect to transfer restrictions and will not provide for any increase in the interest rate thereon under the circumstances described below) no later than 270 days after the issue date of the Notes. The Company has agreed to keep the exchange offer open for not less than 20 business days after the date that notice of the exchange offer is mailed to the holders of the Notes but will, in any event, use its reasonable best efforts to cause the exchange offer to be consummated no later than 365 days after the issue date of the Notes. Under certain circumstances, including if an exchange offer is not completed within the required timeframe, the Company must use reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC a shelf registration statement covering resale of the Notes and use reasonable best efforts to cause it to be declared effective before the later of (x) 365 days after the issue date of the Notes and (y) 90 days after so required or requested under the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, and to keep it effective until the earlier of six months after the first day that such shelf registration statement becomes effective or all of the applicable Notes have been sold thereunder or are no longer entitled to registration rights under the Registration Rights Agreement. If (i) the Company fails to file any registration statement required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement on or prior to the applicable deadline, (ii) any registration statement is not declared effective on or prior to the applicable effectiveness deadline, (iii) the exchange offer is not consummated on or prior to the applicable deadline, or (iv) any shelf registration statement required to be filed by the Registration Rights Agreement has been declared effective but thereafter ceases to be effective (at any time the Company is obligated to maintain the effectiveness thereof) without being succeeded within 30 days by an additional shelf registration statement filed and declared effective, then additional interest at a rate equal to 0.25% per annum ("Additional Interest") will accrue in respect of the Notes immediately following the occurrence of one or more of the above listed events.
The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is subject to and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the provisions of the Indenture, including definitions of certain terms and provisions made a part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended; by reference to the terms and the provisions of the 2020 Notes and 2040 Notes; and by reference to the Registration Rights Agreement, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 4.1, 10.1, 10.2 and 4.2, respectively, and incorporated herein by reference.
 
The information described above under "Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement" is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 4.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THIS INDENTURE, dated as of December 20, 2010 between SAIC, INC. (the ""), SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (the "") and THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. (the ""),
Issuer
Guarantor
Trustee
WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Issuer has duly authorized the execution and delivery of the Indenture to provide for the issuance of unsecured debt securities in one or more series (the "") up to such principal amount or amounts as may from time to time be authorized in accordance with the terms of the Indenture and to provide, among other things, for the authentication, delivery and administration thereof;
Securities
WHEREAS, for its lawful corporate purposes, the Guarantor has duly authorized the execution and delivery of this Indenture as guarantor of the Securities, and has done all things necessary to make the Guarantee, when the Securities are executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and duly issued by the Issuer, the valid obligation of the Guarantor as hereinafter provided;
WHEREAS, all things necessary to make the Indenture a valid indenture and agreement according to its terms have been done;
WHEREAS, the Indenture is subject to, and will be governed by, the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (the "") that are required to be a part of and govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act; and
Trust Indenture Act
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the purchases of the Securities by the holders thereof, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and proportionate benefit of the respective holders from time to time of the Securities as follows:
Section 1.01The following terms (except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise clearly requires) for all purposes of the Indenture and of any indenture supplemental hereto shall have the respective meanings specified in this Section. All other terms used in the Indenture that are defined in the Trust Indenture Act, or the definitions of which are referred to in the Trust Indenture Act, including terms defined therein by reference to the Securities Act (except as herein otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise clearly requires), shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Trust Indenture Act and in the Securities Act as in force at the date of the Indenture. All accounting terms used herein and not expressly defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the term "generally accepted accounting principles" means such accounting principles as are generally accepted at the
. Certain Terms Defined; Rules of Construction.
time of any computation. The words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder" and other words of similar import refer to the Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Article, Section or other subdivision. The terms defined in this Article have the meanings assigned to them in this Article and include the plural as well as the singular. Except as otherwise expressly provided or unless the context otherwise clearly requires, references to agreements or instruments, or to statutes or regulations, are to such agreements or instruments, or statutes or regulations, as amended from time to time (or to successor statutes and regulations).
"" means a member of, or a participant in, the Depositary.
Agent Member
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Aggregate Debt
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Attributable Liens
"" means an authenticating agent with respect to any of the series of Securities appointed with respect to all or any series of the Securities by the Trustee pursuant to Section 2.12.
Authenticating Agent
"" means Title 11 of the United States Code or any similar Federal or State law for the relief of debtors.
Bankruptcy Law
"" means either the Board of Directors of the Issuer or any committee of such Board duly authorized to act hereunder.
Board of Directors
"" means, with respect to any Security, a day that in the Borough of Manhattan, City of New York is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized by law or regulation to close.
Business Day
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Capital Lease
"" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, as from time to time constituted, created under the Exchange Act, or if at any time after the execution and delivery of the Indenture such Commission is not existing and performing the duties now assigned to it under the Trust Indenture Act, then the body performing such duties on such date.
Commission
"" means a corporation or a limited liability company.
company
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Consolidated Net Worth
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Consolidated Subsidiary
"" means the designated office of the Trustee at which at any time its corporate trust business shall be administered, which office at the date hereof is located at 700 South Flower Street, Suite 500, Los Angeles, California 90017, Attention:
Corporate Trust Office
 
Corporate Trust Administration, or such other address as the Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuer, or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuer).
"" means, with respect to Securities of any series, for which the Issuer shall determine that such Securities will be issued as a Global Security, the Depository Trust Company, New York, New York, another clearing agency, or any successor registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act, or other applicable statute or regulation, which, in each case, shall be designated by the Issuer pursuant to either Section 2.01 or 2.13.
Depositary
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01.
Event of Default
"" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.
Exchange Act
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
GAAP
"" means, with respect to any series of Securities, a Security executed by the Issuer and delivered by the Trustee to the Depositary or pursuant to a safekeeping agreement with the Depositary, all in accordance with the Indenture, which shall be registered in global form without interest coupons in the name of the Depositary or its nominee.
Global Security
"" means securities that are (i) direct obligations of the United States of America for the payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged or (ii) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an agency or instrumentality of the United States of America, the payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by the United States of America that, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof, and shall also include a depositary receipt issued by a bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act) as custodian with respect to any such Governmental Obligation or a specific payment of principal of or interest on any such Governmental Obligation held by such custodian for the account of the holder of such depositary receipt; , , that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such depositary receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of the Governmental Obligation or the specific payment of principal of or interest on the Governmental Obligation evidenced by such depositary receipt.
Governmental Obligations
provided
however
"" means the guarantee of the Securities and the obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture by the Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture.
Guarantee
 
"" means, unless otherwise explicitly provided herein, the Person named as the "Guarantor" in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter "" shall mean such successor Person.
Guarantor
Guarantor
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Hedging Obligations
"" means the Person in whose name a Security is registered in the Register.
Holder
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Indebtedness
"" means this instrument as originally executed and delivered or, if amended or supplemented as herein provided, as so amended or supplemented or both, and shall include the forms and terms of particular series of Securities established as contemplated hereunder.
Indenture
, when used with respect to any installment of interest on a Security of a particular series, means the date specified in such Security or in a Resolution of the Board of Directors or in an indenture supplemental hereto with respect to such series as the fixed date on which an installment of interest with respect to Securities of that series is due and payable.
"Interest Payment Date"
"" means the date on which the Securities are originally issued.
Issue Date
"" means, unless otherwise explicitly provided herein, the Person named as the "Issuer" in the first paragraph of this instrument until a successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter "" shall mean such successor Person.
Issuer
Issuer
has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04.
"Issuer Order"
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Lien
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(c).
Notice of Default
"" means each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, in each case excluding such entity's Subsidiaries (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor).
Obligor
"" means a certificate signed on behalf of the Issuer by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer, or general counsel of the Issuer.
Officer's Certificate
"" means an opinion in writing signed by legal counsel who may be an employee of or counsel to the Issuer.
Opinion of Counsel
 
"" means any Security that provides for an amount less than the principal amount thereof to be due and payable upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 4.01.
Original Issue Discount Security
"", when used with reference to Securities, shall, subject to the provisions of Section 6.04, mean, as of any particular time, all Securities authenticated and delivered by the Trustee under the Indenture, except:
Outstanding
(a) Securities cancelled by the Trustee or accepted by the Trustee for cancellation;
(b) Securities, or portions thereof, for the payment or redemption of which moneys in the necessary amount to pay all amounts then due shall have been deposited in trust with the Trustee or with any paying agent (other than the Issuer) or shall have been set aside, segregated and held in trust by the Issuer for the Holders of such Securities (if the Issuer shall act as its own paying agent), that if such Securities, or portions thereof, are to be redeemed prior to the maturity thereof, notice of such redemption shall have been given as herein provided, or provision satisfactory to the Trustee shall have been made for giving such notice; and
provided
(c) Securities in substitution for which other Securities shall have been authenticated and delivered, or which shall have been paid, pursuant to the terms of Section 2.09 unless and until the Trustee and the Issuer receive proof satisfactory to them that the substituted Security is held by a purchaser.
bona fide
In determining whether the Holders of the requisite principal amount of Outstanding Securities of any or all series have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, the principal amount of an Original Issue Discount Security that shall be deemed to be Outstanding for such purposes shall be the amount of the principal thereof that would be due and payable as of the date of such determination upon a declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 4.01.
means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. 107-56, as amended, and signed into law October 26, 2001.
"Patriot Act"
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Permitted Liens
"" means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or any other entity, including any government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
Person
 
"" whenever used with reference to the Securities or any Security or any portion thereof, shall be deemed to include "and premium, if any".
principal
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Property
"" has the meaning assigned to it in Section 2.08.
Register
"" means a Person engaged to maintain the Register.
Registrar
means a copy of the resolution certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Issuer to have been duly adopted by the Board of Directors and to be in full force and effect on the date of such certification.
"Resolution of the Board of Directors"
"" when used with respect to the Trustee, means any officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who customarily performs functions similar to those performed by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such person's knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture.
Responsible Officer
"" means the Securities Act of 1933 and any statute successor thereto, in each case as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder.
Securities Act
"" or "" has the meaning stated in the first recital of the Indenture, or, as the case may be, Securities that have been authenticated and delivered under the Indenture.
Security
Securities
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Stockholders' Equity
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.09.
Subsidiary
"" has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.01.
Surviving Entity
"" means the Person identified as "Trustee" in the first paragraph hereof and any successor trustee under the Indenture pursuant to Article 5.
Trustee
"" means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as in force at the date as of which this instrument was executed; provided, however, that in the event the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 is amended after such date, "Trust Indenture Act" means, to the extent required by any such amendment, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 as so amended.
Trust Indenture Act
 
"" when used with respect to the Issuer, means any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title of "vice president".
vice president
"" means the yield to maturity on a series of securities, calculated at the time of issuance of such series, or, if applicable, at the most recent redetermination of interest on such series, and calculated in accordance with accepted financial practice.
Yield to Maturity
Section 2.01The Securities of each series shall be substantially in such form (not inconsistent with the Indenture) as shall be established by or pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors and set forth in an Officer's Certificate, or in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, in each case with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by the Indenture and may have imprinted or otherwise reproduced thereon such legends, notations or endorsements as may be required to comply with any law or with any rules or regulations pursuant thereto, or with any rules of any securities exchange or to conform to general usage, all as may be determined by the officer executing such Securities, as evidenced by such officer's execution of the Securities.
. Forms Generally.
The definitive Securities shall be printed, lithographed or engraved on steel engraved borders or may be produced in any other manner, all as determined by the officer executing such Securities, as evidenced by such officer's execution of such Securities.
Section 2.02The Trustee's certificate of authentication on all Securities shall be in substantially the following form:
. Form of Trustee's Certification of Authentication.
This is one of the Securities of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
 
 
Section 2.03Subject to compliance with the representations, warranties and covenants set forth herein, in the Officer's Certificate, in any indenture supplemental hereto and in any amendment hereto or thereto, the aggregate principal amount of Securities which may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture is unlimited.
. Amount Unlimited; Issuable in Series.
The Securities may be issued in one or more series. There shall be established in or pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors and set forth in an Officer's Certificate, or established in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of Securities of any series:
(a) the title of the Securities of the series (which shall distinguish the Securities of the series from all other Securities);
(b) any limit upon the aggregate principal amount of the Securities of the series that may be authenticated and delivered under the Indenture (except for Securities authenticated and delivered upon registration of transfer of, or in exchange for, or in lieu of, other Securities of the series pursuant to Section 2.08, 2.09, 2.11 or 11.03);
(c) the date or dates on which the principal of the Securities of the series is payable;
(d) the rate or rates at which the Securities of the series shall bear interest, if any, or the method by which such rate shall be determined, the date or dates from which such interest shall accrue, the Interest Payment Dates on which such interest shall be payable and the record dates for the determination of Holders to whom interest is payable on such Interest Payment Dates;
(e) the right, if any, to extend the interest payment periods and the duration of such extension;
(f) the place or places where the principal of and any interest on Securities of the series shall be payable (if other than as provided in Section 3.02);
(g) the price or prices at which, the period or periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of the series may be redeemed, in whole or in part, at the option of the Issuer;
(h) the obligation, if any, of the Issuer to redeem, purchase or repay Securities of the series at the option of a Holder thereof and the price or prices at which and the period or periods within which and the terms and conditions upon which Securities of the series shall be redeemed, purchased or repaid, in whole or in part, pursuant to such obligation;
 
(i) if other than denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, the denominations in which Securities of the series shall be issuable;
(j) the percentage of the principal amount at which the Securities will be issued, and, if other than the principal amount thereof, the portion of the principal amount of Securities of the series which shall be payable upon declaration of acceleration of the maturity thereof pursuant to Section 4.01 or provable in bankruptcy pursuant to Section 4.02;
(k) whether the Securities are issuable under Rule 144A or Regulation S and, in such case, any provisions unique to such form of issuance including any transfer restrictions or exchange and registration rights;
(l) any and all other terms of the series (which terms shall not be inconsistent with the provisions of the Indenture) including any terms which may be required by or advisable under U.S. law or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of Securities in that series;
(m) whether the Securities are issuable as a Global Security and, in such case, the identity for the Depositary for such series;
(n) any deletion from, modification of or addition to the Events of Default or covenants provided for with respect to the Securities of the series;
(o) any provisions granting special rights to Holders when a specified event occurs;
(p) whether and under what circumstances the Issuer will pay additional amounts on the Securities of the series held by a Person who is not a U.S. Person in respect of any tax, assessment or governmental charge withheld or deducted and, if so, whether the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Securities of the series rather than pay such additional amounts;
(q) any special tax implications of the Securities, including provisions for Original Issue Discount Securities;
(r) any trustees, authenticating or paying agents, transfer agents or registrars or any other agents with respect to the Securities of such series;
(s) any guarantor or co-issuer of the Securities of the series;
(t) any special interest premium or other premium;
 
(u) whether the Securities are convertible or exchangeable into common stock or other equity securities of the Issuer or a combination thereof and the terms and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange shall be effected; and
(v) the currency in which payments shall be made, if other than U.S. dollars.
All Securities of any one series shall be substantially identical except as to denomination and except as may otherwise be provided in or pursuant to such Resolution of the Board of Directors and set forth in an Officer's Certificate, or in any indenture supplemental hereto. All Securities of any one series need not be issued at the same time, and unless otherwise provided, a series may be reopened for issuance of additional Securities of such series. Additional Securities of such series will be consolidated with, and form a single series with, Securities then Outstanding of such series.
Any additional Securities shall be established in or pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors and set forth in an Officer's Certificate, or established in one or more indentures supplemental hereto, prior to the issuance of Securities of any series the following information:
(i) the aggregate principal amount of such additional Securities to be authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture;
(ii) the issue price, the issue date and the CUSIP number, if any, of such additional Securities; and
(iii) whether such additional Securities shall be transfer restricted Securities or have any registration or exchange rights.
Section 2.04At any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of the Indenture, the Issuer may deliver Securities of any series executed by the Issuer to the Trustee for authentication, together with a written order of the Issuer, signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of the following officers: chairman of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, president, any vice president, secretary, controller or general counsel of the Issuer (an "Issuer Order"). The Trustee, in accordance with such written order, shall authenticate and deliver such Securities.
. Authentication and Delivery of Securities.
In authenticating such Securities and accepting the additional responsibilities under the Indenture in relation to such Securities, the Trustee shall be entitled to receive and (subject to Section 5.01) shall be fully protected in relying upon:
(a) a certified copy of any Resolution or Resolutions of the Board of Directors authorizing the action taken pursuant to the resolution or resolutions delivered under clause 2.04(b) below;
 
(b) a copy of any Resolution or Resolutions of the Board of Directors relating to such series, in each case certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Issuer;
(c) an executed supplemental indenture, if any;
(d) in lieu of a supplemental indenture, an Officer's Certificate setting forth the form and terms of the Securities as required pursuant to Section 2.01 and 2.03, respectively, and prepared in accordance with Section 10.05;
(e) an Opinion of Counsel, prepared in accordance with Section 10.05, to the effect that
(i) the form or forms and terms of such Securities have been established by or pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors and set forth in an Officer's Certificate, or by a supplemental indenture as permitted by Section 2.01 and 2.03 in conformity with the provisions of the Indenture;
(ii) such Securities, when authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and issued by the Issuer in the manner and subject to any conditions specified in such Opinion of Counsel, will constitute valid and binding obligations of the Issuer entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, and enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with their terms, except to the extent that enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditor's rights generally, and general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law); and
(iii) the conditions precedent in the Indenture for the issuance and authentication of the Securities have been complied with.
The Trustee shall have the right to decline to authenticate and deliver any Securities under this section if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, determines that such action may not lawfully be taken by the Issuer or if the Trustee in good faith by its board of directors or board of trustees, executive committee, or a trust committee of directors or trustees or Responsible Officers shall determine that such action would expose the Trustee to personal liability.
Section 2.05The Securities shall be signed in the name of the Issuer by any one of its chairman of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer, chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, president, any vice president or general counsel. Such signature may be the manual or facsimile signature of the present or any future such officer. Typographical and other minor errors or defects in any such signature shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any Security that has been duly authenticated and delivered by the Trustee.
. Execution of Securities.
 
In case any officer of the Issuer who shall have signed any of the Securities shall cease to be such officer before the Security so signed shall be authenticated and delivered by the Trustee or disposed of by the Issuer, such Security nevertheless may be authenticated and delivered or disposed of as though the person who signed such Security had not ceased to be such officer of the Issuer; and any Security may be signed on behalf of the Issuer by such person as, at the actual date of the execution of such Security, shall be the proper officer of the Issuer, although at the date of the execution and delivery of the Indenture any such person was not such an officer.
Section 2.06Only such Securities as shall bear thereon a certificate of authentication substantially in the form recited herein, executed by the Trustee by the manual signature of one of its authorized officers, shall be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. Such certificate by the Trustee upon any Security executed by the Issuer shall be conclusive evidence that the Security so authenticated has been duly authenticated and delivered hereunder and that the Holder is entitled to the benefits of the Indenture.
. Certificate of Authentication.
Section 2.07The Securities shall be issuable as registered securities without coupons and in denominations as shall be specified as contemplated by Section 2.03. In the absence of any such specification with respect to the Securities of any series, the Securities of such series shall be issuable in denominations of $2,000 and any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof. The Securities shall be numbered, lettered, or otherwise distinguished in such manner or in accordance with such plan as the officer of the Issuer executing the same may determine with the approval of the Trustee as evidenced by the execution and authentication thereof.
. Denomination and Date of Securities; Payments of Interest.
The principal of and the interest on the Securities of any series, shall be payable in the coin or currency of the United States of America that at the time is legal tender for public and private debt, at the office or agency of the Issuer maintained for that purpose.
Each Security shall be dated the date of its authentication, shall bear interest, if any, from the date and shall be payable on the dates, in each case, established as contemplated by Section 2.03.
The Person in whose name any Security of any series is registered at the close of business on any record date applicable to a particular series with respect to any interest payment date for such series shall be entitled to receive the interest, if any, payable on such interest payment date notwithstanding any transfer or exchange of such Security subsequent to the record date and prior to such interest payment date, except if and to the extent the Issuer shall default in the payment of the interest due on such interest payment date for such series, in which case such defaulted interest shall be paid to the Persons in
 
whose names Outstanding Securities for such series are registered at the close of business on a subsequent record date (which shall be not less than five Business Days prior to the date of payment of such defaulted interest) established by notice given by mail by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Holders not less than 15 days preceding such subsequent record date. The term "" as used with respect to any interest payment date (except a date for payment of defaulted interest) shall mean the date specified as such in the terms of the Securities of any particular series, or, if no such date is so specified, if such interest payment date is the first day of a calendar month, the fifteenth day of the next preceding calendar month or, if such interest payment date is the fifteenth day of a calendar month, the first day of such calendar month, whether or not such record date is a Business Day.
record date
Section 2.08The Issuer may appoint one or more Registrars. The Issuer initially appoints the Trustee as Registrar. The Issuer will keep or cause to be kept at each office or agency to be maintained for the purpose as provided in Section 3.02 a register or registers (the "") in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, it will register, and will register the transfer of, Securities as in this Article provided. The Register shall be in written form in the English language or in any other form capable of being converted into such form within a reasonable time. At all reasonable times the Register shall be open for inspection by the Trustee.
. Registration, Transfer and Exchange.
Register
Upon due presentation for registration of transfer of any Security of any series at any such office or agency to be maintained for the purpose as provided in Section 3.02, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in the name of the transferee or transferees a new Security or Securities of the same series in authorized denominations for a like aggregate principal amount.
Any Security or Securities of any series may be exchanged for a Security or Securities of the same series in other authorized denominations, in an equal aggregate principal amount. Securities of any series to be exchanged shall be surrendered at any office or agency to be maintained by the Issuer for the purpose as provided in Section 3.02, and the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver in exchange therefor the Security or Securities of the same series which the Holder making the exchange shall be entitled to receive, bearing numbers not contemporaneously Outstanding.
All Securities presented for registration of transfer, exchange, redemption or payment shall (if so required by the Issuer or the Trustee) be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by a written instrument or instruments of transfer in form satisfactory to the Issuer and the Trustee duly executed by, the Holder or his attorney duly authorized in writing, together with signature guarantees for such Holder or attorney.
The Issuer or the Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any exchange or registration of transfer of Securities. No service charge shall be made for any such transaction.
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall be required to exchange or register a transfer of (a) any Securities of any series for a period of 15 days preceding the first mailing of notice of redemption of Securities of such series to be redeemed, or (b) any Securities selected, called or being called for redemption except, in the case of any Security where public notice has been given that such Security is to be redeemed in part, the portion thereof not so to be redeemed.
In addition to the transfer requirements provided in this Section 2.08, any Security or Securities will be subject to such further transfer restrictions as may be contained in an Officer's Certificate or indenture supplemental hereto applicable to such series of Securities.
All Securities issued upon any transfer or exchange of Securities shall be valid obligations of the Issuer, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture, as the Securities surrendered upon such transfer or exchange.
The Trustee shall have no obligation or duty to monitor, determine or inquire as to compliance with any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Indenture or under applicable law with respect to any transfer of any interest in any Security (including any transfers between or among direct or indirect participants of the Depositary or beneficial owners of interests in any Global Security) other than to require delivery of such certificates and other documentation or evidence as are expressly required by, and to do so if and when expressly required by the terms of, this Indenture, and to examine the same to determine substantial compliance as to form with the express requirements hereof.
Section 2.09In case any temporary or definitive Security shall become mutilated, defaced or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Issuer in its discretion may execute, and upon the receipt of an Issuer Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver, a new Security of the same series, bearing a number not contemporaneously Outstanding, in exchange and substitution for the mutilated or defaced Security, or in lieu of and substitution for the Security so destroyed, lost or stolen. In every case the applicant for a substitute Security shall furnish to the Issuer and to the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by them to indemnify and defend and to save each of them harmless and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Security and of the ownership thereof.
. Mutilated, Defaced, Destroyed, Lost and Stolen Securities.
Upon the issuance of any substitute Security, the Issuer or the Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto and any other expenses (including the fees and expenses of the Trustee) connected therewith. In case any Security which has matured or is about to
 
mature or has been called for redemption in full shall become mutilated or defaced or be destroyed, lost or stolen, the Issuer may instead of issuing a substitute Security, pay or authorize the payment of the same (without surrender thereof except in the case of a mutilated or defaced Security), if the applicant for such payment shall furnish to the Issuer and to the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee such security or indemnity as any of them may require to save each of them harmless, and, in every case of destruction, loss or theft, the applicant shall also furnish to the Issuer and the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee evidence to their satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of such Security and of the ownership thereof. In case the mutilated, deleted, destroyed, or lost or stolen Security has become or is about to become due and payable, the Issuer in its discretion may pay the Security instead of issuing a substitute Security.
Every substitute Security of any series issued pursuant to the provisions of this section by virtue of the fact that any such Security is destroyed, lost or stolen shall constitute an additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not the destroyed, lost or stolen Security shall be at any time enforceable by anyone and shall be entitled to all the benefits of (but shall be subject to all the limitations of rights set forth in) the Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Securities of such series duly authenticated and delivered hereunder. All Securities shall be held and owned upon the express condition that, to the extent permitted by law, the foregoing provisions are exclusive with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, defaced or destroyed, lost or stolen Securities and shall preclude any and all other rights or remedies notwithstanding any law or statute existing or hereafter enacted to the contrary with respect to the replacement or payment of negotiable instruments or other securities without their surrender.
Section 2.10All Securities surrendered for payment, redemption, registration of transfer or exchange, or for credit against any payment in respect of a sinking or analogous fund, if surrendered to the Issuer or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee, shall be delivered to the Trustee for cancellation or, if surrendered to the Trustee, shall be cancelled by it; and no Securities shall be issued in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of the Indenture. On written request of the Issuer at the time of such surrender, the Trustee shall deliver to the Issuer the Securities cancelled by the Trustee. In the absence of such request, the Trustee shall destroy cancelled Securities held by it and deliver a certificate of destruction to the Issuer. If the Issuer shall acquire any of the Securities, such acquisition shall not operate as a redemption or satisfaction of the indebtedness represented by such Securities unless and until the same are delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.
. Cancellation of Securities; Destruction Thereof.
Section 2.11Pending the preparation of definitive Securities for any series, the Issuer may execute and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver temporary Securities for such series (printed, lithographed, typewritten or otherwise reproduced, in each case in form satisfactory to the Trustee). Temporary Securities of any series shall be issuable as registered Securities
. Temporary Securities.
 
without coupons, of any authorized denomination, and substantially in the form of the definitive Securities of such series but with such omissions, insertions and variations as may be appropriate for temporary Securities, all as may be determined by the Issuer with the concurrence of the Trustee. Temporary Securities may contain such reference to any provisions of the Indenture as may be appropriate. Every temporary Security shall be executed by the Issuer and be authenticated by the Trustee upon the same conditions and in substantially the same manner, and with like effect, as the definitive Securities. Without unreasonable delay the Issuer shall execute and shall furnish definitive Securities of such series and thereupon temporary Securities of such series may be surrendered in exchange therefor without charge at each office or agency to be maintained by the Issuer for that purpose pursuant to Section 3.02, and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuer Order, authenticate and deliver in exchange for such temporary Securities of such series a like aggregate principal amount of definitive Securities of the same series of authorized denominations. Until so exchanged, the temporary Securities of any series shall be entitled to the same benefits under the Indenture as definitive Securities of such series.
Section 2.12. . So long as any of the Securities of any series remain Outstanding there may be an Authenticating Agent for any or all such series of Securities which the Trustee shall have the right to appoint. Said Authenticating Agent shall be authorized to act on behalf of the Trustee to authenticate Securities of such series issued upon exchange, transfer or partial redemption thereof, and Securities so authenticated shall be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture and shall be valid and binding for all purposes as if authenticated by the Trustee hereunder. All references in the Indenture to the authentication of Securities by the Trustee shall be deemed to include authentication by an Authenticating Agent for such series. Each Authenticating Agent shall be acceptable to the Issuer and shall be a corporation that has a combined capital and surplus, as most recently reported or determined by it, sufficient under the laws of any jurisdiction under which it is organized or in which it is doing business to conduct a trust business, and that is otherwise authorized under such laws to conduct such business and is subject to supervision or examination by Federal or State authorities. If at any time any Authenticating Agent shall cease to be eligible in accordance with these provisions, it shall resign immediately. Any Authenticating Agent may at any time resign by giving written notice of resignation to the Trustee and to the Issuer. The Trustee may at any time (and upon written request by the Issuer shall) terminate the agency of any Authenticating Agent by giving written notice of termination to such Authenticating Agent and to the Issuer. Upon resignation, termination or cessation of eligibility of any Authenticating Agent, the Trustee may appoint an eligible successor Authenticating Agent acceptable to the Issuer. Any successor Authenticating Agent, upon acceptance of its appointment hereunder, shall become vested with all the rights, powers and duties of its predecessor hereunder as if originally named as an Authenticating Agent pursuant hereto.
Authenticating Agent
 
Section 2.13. If the Issuer shall establish pursuant to Section 2.01 that the Securities of a particular series are to be issued as a Global Security, then the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall, in accordance with Section 2.04, authenticate and deliver, a Global Security that shall (i) represent, and be issued in a denomination or aggregate denominations equal to the aggregate principal amount of all the Securities to be represented by a Global Security, (ii) be registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee, (iii) be delivered by the Trustee to the Depositary or pursuant to the Depositary's instruction and (iv) bear a legend substantially to the following effect: "Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.13 of the Indenture, this Security may be transferred, in whole but not in part, only to another nominee of the Depositary or to a successor Depositary or to a nominee of such successor Depositary."
Global Securities.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.08, the Global Security of a series may be transferred, in whole but not in part and in the manner provided in Section 2.08, only to another nominee of the Depositary for such series, or to a successor Depositary for such series selected or approved by the Issuer or to a nominee of such successor Depositary.
Ownership of beneficial interests in a registered Global Security will be limited to Agent Members that have accounts with the Depositary or Persons that may hold interests through Agent Members. Upon the issuance of a registered Global Security, the Depositary will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the Agent Members' accounts with the respective principal or face amounts of the securities beneficially owned by the participants. Any dealers, underwriters or agents participating in the distribution of the Securities will designate the accounts to be credited. Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Security will be shown on, and the transfer of ownership interests will be effected only through, records maintained by the Depositary, with respect to interests of Agent Members, and on the records of Agent Members, with respect to interests of Persons holding through Agent Members.
So long as the Depositary, or its nominee, is the registered owner of a registered Global Security, that Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or Holder of the Securities represented by the Global Security for all purposes under the Indenture. Except as described in this Section 2.13, Agent Members will not be entitled to have the Securities represented by the Global Security registered in their names, will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of the Securities in definitive form and will not be considered the owners or Holders of the Securities under the Indenture. Accordingly, each Agent Member owning a beneficial interest in a registered Global Security must rely on the procedures of the Depositary for that registered Global Security and, if that Person is not an Agent Member, on the procedures of the Agent Member through which the Person owns its interest, to exercise any rights of a Holder under the Indenture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Depositary or its nominee may grant proxies and otherwise authorize any Person (including any Agent Member and any Person that holds a beneficial interest in a Global Security through an Agent Member) to take any action which a Holder is entitled to take under the Indenture or the Securities, and nothing herein will impair, as between the Depositary and its Agent Members, the operation of customary practices governing the exercise of the rights of a Holder of any Security.
 
Principal, premium, if any, and interest payments on Securities represented by a Global Security registered in the name of the Depositary or its nominee will be made to the Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, as the registered owner of the registered Global Security. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any other agent of the Issuer, or any agent of the Trustee will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to payments made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the registered Global Security or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to those beneficial ownership interests.
If, at any time, either (i) the Depositary for a series of the Securities notifies the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such series or if at any time the Depositary for such series shall no longer be registered or in good standing under the Exchange Act, or other applicable statute or regulation, and a successor Depositary for such series is not appointed by the Issuer within 90 days after the Issuer receives such notice or becomes aware of such condition, as the case may be, or (ii) an Event of Default with respect to a series of Securities has occurred and is continuing and the Depositary for such series requests the issuance in definitive registered form of any such Securities represented by a Global Security, then this Section 2.13 shall no longer be applicable to the Securities of such series and the Issuer will execute, and subject to Section 2.08, the Trustee will authenticate and deliver the Securities of such series in definitive registered form without coupons, in authorized denominations, and in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security of such series in exchange for such Global Security. In addition, the Issuer may at any time determine that the Securities of any series shall no longer be represented by a Global Security and that the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall no longer apply to the Securities of such series. In such event the Issuer will execute and subject to Section 2.08, the Trustee, upon receipt of an Officer's Certificate evidencing such determination by the Issuer, will authenticate and deliver the Securities of such series in definitive registered form without coupons, in authorized denominations, and in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Global Security of such series in exchange for such Global Security. Upon the exchange of the Global Security for such Securities in definitive registered form without coupons, in authorized denominations, the Global Security shall be cancelled by the Trustee. Such Securities in definitive registered form issued in exchange for the Global Security pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall be registered in such names and in such authorized denominations as the Depositary, pursuant to instructions from its direct or indirect participants or otherwise, shall instruct the Trustee in writing. The Issuer and the Trustee shall be entitled to conclusively rely on such instructions from the Depositary. The Trustee shall deliver such Securities to the Depositary for delivery to the Persons in whose names such Securities are so registered. Neither the Trustee nor any Agent Members shall have any responsibility for any actions taken or not taken by the Depositary.
 
Section 2.14. . The Issuer in issuing the Securities may use "CUSIP" numbers (if then generally in use), and, if so, the Trustee shall use "CUSIP" numbers in notices of redemption as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of such numbers either as printed on the Securities or as contained in any notice of a redemption and that reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed on the Securities, and any such redemption shall not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in writing of any change in the "CUSIP" numbers.
CUSIP Numbers
Section 3.01(a) The Issuer covenants and agrees for the benefit of each series of Securities that it will duly and punctually pay or cause to be paid the principal of, and interest on, each of the Securities of such series at the place or places, at the respective times and in the manner provided in such Securities. The Issuer shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal on each series of Securities at the rate specified in the terms of such series of Securities to the extent lawful; it shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at the same rate to the extent lawful. Unless otherwise provided in the Securities of any series, not later than 10:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the due date of any principal of or interest on any Securities, the Issuer will deposit with the Trustee (or paying agent) money in immediately available funds sufficient to pay such amounts, provided that if the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer is acting as paying agent, it will, on or before each due date, segregate and hold in a separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders a sum of money sufficient to pay such amounts until paid to such Holders or otherwise disposed of as provided in the Indenture. In each case the Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee of its compliance with this paragraph.
. Payment of Principal and Interest.
(b) An installment of principal or interest will be considered paid on the date due if the Trustee (or paying agent, other than the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer) holds on that date money designated for and sufficient to pay the installment. If the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer acts as paying agent, an installment of principal or interest will be considered paid on the due date only if paid to the Holders.
(c) Payments in respect of the Securities represented by the Global Security are to be made by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Holder of the Global Security. With respect to certificated Securities, the Issuer will make all payments by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the accounts specified by the Holders thereof or, if no such account is specified, by mailing a check to each Holder's registered address.
 
Section 3.02So long as any of the Securities remain Outstanding, the Issuer or an affiliate will maintain the following for each series: an office or agency (a) where the Securities may be presented for payment, (b) where the Securities may be presented for registration of transfer and for exchange as in the Indenture provided and (c) where notices and demands to or upon the Issuer in respect of the Securities or of the Indenture may be given or served. The Issuer will give to the Trustee written notice of the location of any such office or agency and of any change of location thereof. Unless otherwise specified in accordance with Section 2.03, the Issuer hereby initially designates 700 South Flower Street, Suite 500, Los Angeles, CA 90017, as the office to be maintained by it for each such purpose. In case the Issuer shall fail to so designate or maintain any such office or agency or shall fail to give such notice of the location or of any change in the location thereof, presentations and demands may be made and notices may be served at the applicable Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee and the Issuer hereby appoints the Trustee as its agent to receive all such presentations, notices and demands.
. Offices for Payments, etc.
Section 3.03Whenever the Issuer shall appoint a paying agent other than the Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series, it will cause such paying agent to execute and deliver to the Trustee an instrument in which such agent shall agree with the Trustee, subject to the provisions of this Section,
. Paying Agents.
(a) that it will hold all sums received by it as such agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on the Securities of such series (whether such sums have been paid to it by the Issuer or by any other obligor on the Securities of such series) in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of such series or of the Trustee,
(b) that it will give the Trustee notice of any failure by the Issuer (or by any other obligor on the Securities of such series) to make any payment of the principal of or interest on the Securities of such series when the same shall be due and payable,
(c) pay any such sums so held in trust by it to the Trustee upon the Trustee's written request at any time during the continuance of the failure referred to in clause 3.03(b) above, and
(d) that it will perform all other duties of paying agent as set forth in the Indenture.
The Issuer shall, on or prior to each due date of the principal of or interest on the Securities of such series, deposit with the paying agent a sum sufficient to pay such principal or interest so becoming due, and (unless such paying agent is the Trustee) the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee of any failure to take such action.
If an Issuer shall act as its own paying agent with respect to the Securities of any series, it will, on or before each due date of the principal of or interest on the Securities of such series, set aside, segregate and hold in trust for the benefit of the Holders of the Securities of such series a sum sufficient to pay such principal or interest so becoming due. The Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee of any failure to take such action.
 
Anything in this section to the contrary notwithstanding, the Issuer may at any time, for the purpose of obtaining a satisfaction and discharge with respect to one or more or all series of Securities hereunder, or for any other reason, pay or cause to be paid to the Trustee all sums held in trust for any such series by the Issuer or any paying agent hereunder, as required by this Section, such sums to be held by the Trustee upon the trusts herein contained.
Anything in this section to the contrary notwithstanding, the agreement to hold sums in trust as provided in this section is subject to the provisions of Section 9.05 and 9.06.
Section 3.04The Issuer will furnish to the Trustee on or before 120 days after the end of each fiscal year (beginning with the fiscal year ended January 31, 2011) a brief certificate (which need not comply with Section 10.05) from the principal executive, financial or accounting officer or the Treasurer of the Issuer as to his or her knowledge of the Issuer's compliance with all conditions and covenants under the Indenture (such compliance to be determined without regard to any period of grace or requirement of notice provided under the Indenture), or if there has been a default, specifying the default and its nature and status.
. Certificate of the Issuer.
Section 3.05The Issuer will furnish to the Trustee any document or report the Issuer is required to file with the Commission pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act within 15 days after such document or report is filed with the Commission; provided that in each case the delivery of materials to the Trustee by electronic means or filing documents pursuant to the Commission's "EDGAR" system (or any successor electronic filing system) shall be deemed to constitute "filing" with the Trustee for purposes of this Section 3.05. Delivery of such reports, information and documents to the Trustee is for informational purposes only and the Trustee's receipt of such shall not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuer's compliance with any of its covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer's Certificates or other certificates of the Issuer delivered hereunder (such as described in Section 3.04)).
. Reports by the Issuer.
Section 3.06(a) With respect to each series of Securities, each Obligor covenants not to create or incur any Lien on any of its Properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or upon any income or profits therefrom, in order to secure any of its Indebtedness, without effectively providing that such series of Securities shall be equally and ratably secured until such time as such Indebtedness is no longer secured by such Lien, except:
. Limitation on Liens.
(i) Liens existing as of the closing date of the offering of the Securities;
 
(ii) Liens granted after the closing date of the offering of such series of Securities created in favor of the Holders of such series of Securities;
(iii) Liens securing such Obligor's Indebtedness which are incurred to extend, renew or refinance Indebtedness which is secured by Liens permitted to be incurred under the Indenture so long as such Liens are limited to all or part of substantially the same Property which secured the Liens extended, renewed or replaced and the amount of Indebtedness secured is not increased (other than by the amount equal to any costs and expenses (including any premiums, fees or penalties) incurred in connection with any extension, renewal or refinancing); and
(iv) Permitted Liens.
(b) Notwithstanding Section 3.06(a), each Obligor may, without securing any series of Securities, create or incur Liens which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in the Section 3.06(a), if after giving effect thereto, its Aggregate Debt does not exceed 15% of its Consolidated Net Worth calculated as of the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien.
Section 3.07(a) Each Obligor covenants not to enter into any sale and lease-back transaction for the sale and leasing back of any Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, unless:
. Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions.
(i) such transaction was entered into prior to the closing date of the offering of such series of Securities;
(ii) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to such Obligor of any Property by one of the Issuer's Subsidiaries;
(iii) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to such Obligor of any Property by any domestic or foreign government agency in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, private activity bonds or similar financing;
(iv) such transaction involves a lease for less than three years;
(v) such Obligor would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a mortgage on the Property to be leased in an amount equal to the Attributable Liens with respect to such sale and lease-back transaction without equally and ratably securing the Securities pursuant to Section 3.06(a) above; or
(vi) such Obligor applies an amount equal to the fair value of the Property sold to the purchase of Property or to the retirement of the Securities or its other long-term Indebtedness within 365 days of the effective date of any such sale and lease-back transaction. In lieu of applying such amount to such retirement, such Obligor may deliver debt securities to the trustee therefor for cancellation, such debt securities to be credited at the cost thereof to such Obligor.
 
(b) Notwithstanding Section 3.07(a), each Obligor may enter into any sale and lease-back transaction which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 3.07(a) if, after giving effect thereto and at the time of determination, its Aggregate Debt does not exceed 15% of its Consolidated Net Worth calculated as of the closing date of the sale and lease-back transaction.
Section 3.08. . Except as permitted under Article 8, each Obligor covenants to do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect its existence, rights and franchises; provided, however, that such Obligor shall not be required to preserve any right or franchise if it determines that its preservation is no longer desirable in the conduct of business.
Existence
Section 3.09. . As used in Sections 3.06, 3.07 and 3.08, the following terms have the meanings set forth below.
Certain Definitions
"" means the sum of the following, calculated as of the date of determination in accordance with GAAP:
Aggregate Debt
(1) the aggregate amount of such Person's Indebtedness incurred after the closing date of the offering of the Securities and secured by Liens not permitted by the first sentence under Section 3.06(a), and
(2) the aggregate amount of such Person's Attributable Liens in respect of sale and lease-back transactions entered into after the closing date of the offering of the Securities pursuant to Section 3.07(b).
"" means, in connection with a sale and lease-back transaction, the lesser of:
Attributable Liens
(1) the fair market value of the assets subject to such transaction (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors); and
(2) the present value (discounted at a rate per annum equal to the average interest borne by all Outstanding Securities of each series issued under the Indenture determined on a weighted average basis and compounded semi-annually) of the obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the term of the related lease.
"" means any Indebtedness represented by a lease obligation of a Person incurred with respect to real property or equipment acquired or leased by such Person and used in its business that is required to be recorded as a capital lease in accordance with GAAP.
Capital Lease
 
"" means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any Person, the Stockholders' Equity of such Person and its Consolidated Subsidiaries on that date.
Consolidated Net Worth
"" means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary of that Person whose financial data is, in accordance with GAAP, reflected in that Person's consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Subsidiary
"" means generally accepted accounting principles set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as have been approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession, which are in effect as of the date of determination.
GAAP
"" means, with respect to any specified Person, the obligations of such Person under:
Hedging Obligations
(1) interest rate swap agreements (whether from fixed to floating or from floating to fixed), interest rate cap agreements and interest rate collar agreements;
(2) other agreements or arrangements designed to manage interest rates or interest rate risk;
(3) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in currency exchange rates or commodity prices; and
(4) other agreements or arrangements designed to protect such Person against fluctuations in equity prices.
"" of any specified Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness in respect of borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or other similar instruments (including reimbursement agreements with respect thereto), (d) the Indebtedness of any other Persons to the extent guaranteed by such Person and (e) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of any Property (including pursuant to Capital Leases), but excluding trade accounts payable or accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business; but only, for each of clause (a) through (e), if and to the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness would appear as a liability upon an unconsolidated balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP (but does not include contingent liabilities which appear only in a footnote to a balance sheet). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the term "Indebtedness" be deemed to include letters of credit that secure performance, bonds that secure performance, surety bonds or similar instruments that are issued in the ordinary course of business.
Indebtedness
 
"" means any lien, security interest, charge or encumbrance of any kind (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the nature thereof, and any agreement to give any security interest).
Lien
"" means:
Permitted Liens
(1) Liens on any of the assets of an Obligor, created solely to secure obligations incurred to finance the refurbishment, improvement or construction of such asset, which obligations are incurred no later than 24 months after completion of such refurbishment, improvement or construction, and all renewals, extensions, refinancings, replacements or refundings of such obligations;
(2) (a) Liens given to secure the payment of the purchase price incurred in connection with the acquisition (including acquisition through merger or consolidation) of Property (including shares of stock), including Capital Lease transactions in connection with any such acquisition, and (b) Liens existing on Property at the time of acquisition thereof or at the time of acquisition by an Obligor of any Person then owning such Property whether or not such existing Liens were given to secure the payment of the purchase price of the Property to which they attach; that, with respect to clause (a), the Liens shall be given within 24 months after such acquisition and shall attach solely to the Property acquired or purchased and any improvements then or thereafter placed thereon;
provided
(3) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit that encumber documents and other Property relating to such letters of credit and the products and proceeds thereof;
(4) Liens encumbering customary initial deposits and margin deposits and other Liens in the ordinary course of business, in each case securing Hedging Obligations and forward contracts, options, futures contracts, futures options, equity hedges or similar agreements or arrangements designed to protect from fluctuations in interest rates, currencies, equities or the price of commodities;
(5) Liens in favor of an Obligor;
(6) Liens consisting of pledges or deposits of Property to secure performance in connection with operating leases made in the ordinary course of business to which an Obligor is a party as lessee, provided the aggregate value of all such pledges and deposits in connection with any such lease does not at any time exceed 16
 2
/
3
% of the annual fixed rentals payable under such lease;
(7) Liens securing the performance of statutory obligations or bids, surety, appeal or customs bonds, standby letters of credit, performance or return-of-money bonds or other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of the business of an Obligor;
 
(8) Liens securing Indebtedness owing by an Obligor to one or more of its Subsidiaries (provided that, upon either (a) the transfer or other disposition of any Indebtedness secured by such Lien to a Person other than another Subsidiary or (b) the issuance, sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of more than a majority of the capital stock of or any other ownership interest in such Subsidiary to which such secured Indebtedness is owed to a Person other than an Obligor or another Subsidiary, such Lien will no longer qualify as a "Permitted Lien" pursuant to this clause (8));
(9) Liens arising in the ordinary course of business in favor of a customer;
(10) Liens associated with a sale or discount of the accounts receivable of an Obligor, provided that such Lien (a) does not involve the creation of a Lien or negative pledge on any accounts receivable not so sold or discounted and (b) does not involve in the aggregate the sale or discount of accounts receivable having a book value exceeding $100,000,000;
(11) Liens arising in connection with synthetic leases which do not exceed $250,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time; and
(12) Liens securing industrial revenue bonds, pollution control bonds or other similar tax exempt bonds.
"" means any property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, including shares of capital stock.
Property
"" means, as of any date of determination, stockholders' equity as reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet available to the Issuer prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Stockholders' Equity
"" of any specified Person means any corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership, association or other business entity of which more than 50% of the total voting power of shares of capital stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof.
Subsidiary
 
Section 4.01An "Event of Default" with respect to Securities of any series means the occurrence of one or more of the following events (whatever the reason for such Event of Default and whether it shall be voluntary or involuntary or be effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body):
. Event of Default; Acceleration of Maturity; Waiver of Default.
(a) default by any Obligor in the payment of any installment of interest upon any of the Securities of such series as and when the same shall become due and payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days or more;
(b) default by any Obligor in the payment of the principal, or premium, if any, or sinking fund installment, if any, on any of the Securities of such series as and when the same shall become due and payable either at maturity, upon redemption, by declaration or otherwise;
(c) default by any Obligor in the performance, or breach, of any covenant or warranty of an Obligor in respect of the Securities of such series (other than defaults pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) above), and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 90 days or more after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer by the Trustee or to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) thereby, a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "" hereunder;
Notice of Default
(d) the Guarantee shall not be (or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect;
(e) a court having jurisdiction in the premises shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of any Obligor or any material Subsidiary of the Issuer in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of such party or for any substantial part of such party's Property or ordering the winding up or liquidation of such party's affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days;
(f) any Obligor or any material Subsidiary of the Issuer shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the appointment of or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) of such party or for any substantial part of such party's Property, or make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or
 
(g) any other Event of Default provided in the Officer's Certificate, supplemental indenture or Resolution of the Board of Directors under which such series of Securities is issued or in the form of Security for such series.
If an Event of Default described in clauses 4.01(a), 4.01(b), 4.01(c), 4.01(d) or 4.01(g) above (if the Event of Default under clause 4.01(c) is with respect to less than all series of Securities then Outstanding) occurs and is continuing, then, and in each and every such case, unless the principal of all of the Securities of such series shall have already become due and payable, the Trustee may, and at the direction of the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) by notice in writing to the Issuer (and to the Trustee if given by Holders), shall declare the entire principal (or, if the Securities of such series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such series) of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration the same shall become immediately due and payable.
If an Event of Default described in clauses 4.01(e) or 4.01(f) above occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of the Outstanding Securities will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) by written notice to the Issuer and to the Trustee may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Securities of all series affected waive all past defaults and rescind and annul a declaration of acceleration and its consequences if:
(i) all existing Events of Default, other than the nonpayment of the principal of and interest on the Securities that have become due solely by the declaration of acceleration, have been cured or waived, and
(ii) the rescission would not conflict with any judgment or decree.
For all purposes under the Indenture, if a portion of the principal of any Original Issue Discount Securities shall have been accelerated and declared due and payable pursuant to the provisions hereof, then, from and after such declaration, unless such declaration has been rescinded and annulled, the principal amount of such Original Issue Discount Securities shall be deemed, for all purposes hereunder, to be such portion of the
 
principal thereof as shall be due and payable as a result of such acceleration, and payment of such portion of the principal thereof as shall be due and payable as a result of such acceleration, together with interest, if any, thereon and all other amounts owing thereunder, shall constitute payment in full of such Original Issue Discount Securities.
Section 4.02The Issuer covenants that (a) in case default shall be made in the payment of any installment of interest on any of the Securities of any series when such interest shall have become due and payable, and such default shall have continued for a period of 30 days or (b) in case default shall be made in the payment of all or any part of the principal of any of the Securities of any series when the same shall have become due and payable, whether upon maturity of the Securities of such series or upon any redemption or by declaration or otherwisethen upon demand of the Trustee, the Issuer will pay to the Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of all of the Securities of all series affected the whole amount that then shall have become due and payable on all of the Securities of all series affected for principal or interest, as the case may be (with interest to the date of such payment upon the overdue principal and, to the extent that payment of such interest is enforceable under applicable law, on overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in the Securities of such series); and in addition thereto, such further amount as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of collection, including reasonable compensation to the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee, their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and any expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee except as a result of its negligence or bad faith.
. Collection of Indebtedness by Trustee; Trustee May Prove Debt.
Until such demand is made by the Trustee, the Issuer may pay the principal of and interest on the Securities of any series to the Holders, whether or not the principal of and interest on the Securities of such series be overdue.
In case the Issuer shall fail forthwith to pay such amounts upon such demand, the Trustee, in its own name and as trustee of an express trust, shall be entitled and empowered to institute any action or proceedings at law or in equity for the collection of the sums so due and unpaid, and may prosecute any such action or proceedings to judgment or final decree, and may enforce any such judgment or final decree against the Issuer or other obligor upon such Securities and collect in the manner provided by law out of the Property of the Issuer or other obligor upon such Securities, wherever situated, the moneys adjudged or decreed to be payable.
In case there shall be pending proceedings relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Securities under Bankruptcy Law, or in case a receiver, assignee or trustee in bankruptcy or reorganization, liquidator, sequestrator or similar official shall have been appointed for or taken possession of the Issuer or its Property or such other obligor, or in case of any other comparable judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Securities of any series, or to the creditors or Property of the Issuer or such other
 
obligor, the Trustee, irrespective of whether the principal of any Securities shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Trustee shall have made any demand pursuant to the provisions of this Section, shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceedings or otherwise:
(a) to file and prove a claim or claims for the whole amount of principal and interest (or, if the Securities of any series are Original Issue Discount Securities, such portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of such series) owing and unpaid in respect of the Securities of any series, and to file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee (including any claim for reasonable compensation to the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee, and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and for reimbursement of all expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee, except as a result of negligence or bad faith) and of the Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuer or other obligor upon the Securities of any series, or to the creditors or Property of the Issuer or such other obligor,
(b) unless prohibited by applicable law and regulations, to vote on behalf of the Holders of the Securities of any series in any election of a trustee or a standby trustee in arrangement, reorganization, liquidation or other bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or Person performing similar functions in comparable proceedings, and
(c) to collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims, and to distribute all amounts received with respect to the claims of the Holders and of the Trustee on their behalf; and any trustee, receiver, or liquidator, custodian or other similar official is hereby authorized by each of the Holders to make payments to the Trustee, and, in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover reasonable compensation to the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their respective agents, attorneys and counsel, and all other expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by the Trustee and each predecessor Trustee except as a result of negligence or bad faith and all other amounts due to the Trustee or any predecessor Trustee pursuant to Section 5.06.
Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or vote for or accept or adopt on behalf of any Holder any plan or reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Securities of any series or the rights of any Holder thereof, or to authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any such proceeding except, as aforesaid, to vote for the election of a trustee in bankruptcy or similar Person.
 
All rights of action and of asserting claims under the Indenture, or under any of the Securities, may be enforced by the Trustee without the possession of any of the Securities or the production thereof on any trial or other proceedings relative thereto, and any such action or proceedings instituted by the Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee of an express trust, and any recovery of judgment, subject to the payment of the reasonable expenses, disbursements and compensation of the Trustee, each predecessor Trustee and their respective agents and attorneys, shall be for the ratable benefit of the Holders of the Securities in respect of which such action was taken.
In any proceedings brought by the Trustee (and also any proceedings involving the interpretation of any provision of the Indenture to which the Trustee shall be a party) the Trustee shall be held to represent all the Holders of the Securities in respect to which such action was taken, and it shall not be necessary to make any Holders of such Securities parties to any such proceedings.
Section 4.03Any moneys collected by the Trustee pursuant to this Article in respect of any series shall be applied in the following order at the date or dates fixed by the Trustee and, in case of the distribution of such moneys on account of principal or interest, upon presentation of the several Securities in respect of which moneys have been collected and stamping (or otherwise noting) thereon the payment, or issuing Securities of such series in reduced principal amounts in exchange for the presented Securities of like series if only partially paid, or upon surrender thereof if fully paid:
. Application of Proceeds.
FIRST: To the payment of all amounts due the Trustee and any predecessor Trustee pursuant to Section 5.06;
SECOND: In case the principal of the Securities of such series in respect of which moneys have been collected shall not have become and be then due and payable, to the payment of interest on the Securities of such series in default in the order of the maturity of the installments of such interest, with interest (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon the overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in such Securities, such payments to be made ratably to the Persons entitled thereto, without discrimination or preference;
THIRD: In case the principal of the Securities of such series in respect of which moneys have been collected shall have become and shall be then due and payable, to the payment of the whole amount then owing and unpaid upon all the Securities of such series for principal and interest, with interest upon the overdue principal, and (to the extent that such interest has been collected by the Trustee) upon overdue installments of interest at the same rate as the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of Original Issue Discount Securities) specified in the
 
Securities of such series; and in case such moneys shall be insufficient to pay in full the whole amount so due and unpaid upon the Securities of such series, then to the payment of such principal and interest or Yield to Maturity, without preference or priority of principal over interest or Yield to Maturity, or of interest or Yield to Maturity over principal, or of any installment of interest over any other installment of interest, or of any Security of such series over any other Security of such series, ratably to the aggregate of such principal and accrued and unpaid interest or Yield to Maturity; and
FOURTH: To the payment of the remainder, if any, to the Issuer or any other Person lawfully entitled thereto.
Section 4.04In case an Event of Default has occurred, has not been waived and is continuing, the Trustee may in its discretion proceed to protect and enforce the rights vested in it by the Indenture by such appropriate judicial proceedings as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any of such rights, either at law or in equity or in bankruptcy or otherwise, whether for the specific enforcement of any covenant or agreement contained in the Indenture or in aid of the exercise of any power granted in the Indenture or to enforce any other legal or equitable right vested in the Trustee by the Indenture or by law.
. Suits for Enforcement.
Section 4.05In case the Trustee shall have proceeded to enforce any right under the Indenture and such proceedings shall have been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or shall have been determined adversely to the Trustee, then and in every such case the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee shall be restored respectively to their former positions and rights hereunder, and all rights, remedies and powers of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Holders shall continue as though no such proceedings had been taken.
. Restoration of Rights on Abandonment of Proceedings.
Section 4.06No Holder of any Security of any series shall have any right by virtue or by availing of any provision of the Indenture to institute any action or proceeding at law or in equity or in bankruptcy or otherwise upon or under or with respect to the Indenture, or for the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official or for any other remedy hereunder, unless (i) such Holder previously shall have given to the Trustee written notice of default and of the continuance thereof, as hereinbefore provided; (ii) the Holders of not less than 25% in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) shall have made written request upon the Trustee to institute such action or proceedings in its own name as Trustee hereunder; (iii) such Holder or Holders shall have offered to the Trustee such security or indemnity as it may reasonably require against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request; (iv) the Trustee for 60 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of indemnity shall have failed to institute any such action or proceeding; and (v) no direction inconsistent with such written request shall have been given to the Trustee during
. Limitations on Suits by Holder.
 
such 60-day period by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected. It is understood and intended, and expressly covenanted by the taker and Holder of every Security with every other taker and Holder and the Trustee, that no one or more Holders of any series shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue or by availing of any provision of the Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other such Holder, or to obtain or seek to obtain priority over or preference to any other such Holder or to enforce any right under the Indenture, except in the manner herein provided and for the equal, ratable and common benefit of all Holders of the applicable series. For the protection and enforcement of the provisions of this Section, each and every Holder and the Trustee shall be entitled to such relief as can be given either at law or in equity.
Section 4.07Notwithstanding any other provision in the Indenture and any provision of any Security, the right of any Holder of any Security to receive payment of the principal of and interest on such Security on or after the respective due dates expressed in such Security, or to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without the consent of such Holder.
. Unconditional Right of Holders to Institute Certain Suits.
Section 4.08Except as provided in Section 4.06, no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.
. Powers and Remedies Cumulative; Delay or Omission Not Waiver of Default.
No delay or omission of the Trustee or of any Holder to exercise any right or power accruing upon any Event of Default occurring and continuing as aforesaid shall impair any such right or power or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein; and, subject to Section 4.06, every power and remedy given by the Indenture or by law to the Trustee or to the Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as shall be deemed expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders.
Section 4.09Subject to the provisions of Section 5.04(d), the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) shall have the right to direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee with respect to the Securities of each such series by the Indenture; , , that such direction shall not be otherwise than in accordance with law and the provisions of the Indenture. Subject to the provisions of Section 5.01, the Trustee shall have the right to decline to follow any such direction if the Trustee, being advised by counsel, shall determine that the action or
. Control by Holders.
provided
however
 
proceeding so directed may not lawfully be taken or if the Trustee in good faith shall determine that the action or proceedings so directed would involve the Trustee in personal liability or if the Trustee in good faith shall determine that the actions or forbearances specified in or pursuant to such direction would be unduly prejudicial to the interests of Holders of the Securities of all series so affected not joining in the giving of said direction, it being understood that (subject to Section 5.01) the Trustee shall have no duty to ascertain whether or not such actions or forbearances are unduly prejudicial to such Holders.
Nothing in the Indenture shall impair the right of the Trustee in its discretion to take any action deemed proper by the Trustee and which is not inconsistent with such direction or directions by Holders.
Section 4.10Except as otherwise provided in Sections 4.01, 4.07 and 7.02, the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) may, by notice to the Trustee, on behalf of the Holders of all Securities of each such series waive an existing default and its consequences. Upon such waiver, the default will cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom will be deemed to have been cured, but no such waiver will extend to any subsequent or other default or impair any right consequent thereon.
. Waiver of Past Defaults.
Section 4.11The Trustee shall give to the Holders of all of the Securities of all series affected, as the names and addresses of such Holders appear on the Register, notice by mail of all Events of Default known to the Trustee which have occurred with respect to such series, such notice to be transmitted within 45 days after the Trustee obtains knowledge thereof, unless such Events of Default shall have been cured before the giving of such notice; that, except in the case of default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any of the Securities of such series, or in the payment of any sinking or purchase fund installment with respect to the Securities of such series, the Trustee shall be protected in withholding such notice if and so long as the board of directors, the executive committee, or a trust committee of directors or trustees and/or responsible officers of the Trustee in good faith determines that the withholding of such notice is in the interests of the Holders of such series.
. Trustee to Give Notice of Default, But May Withhold in Certain Circumstances.
provided
Section 4.12In any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under the Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for any action taken or omitted by it as Trustee, a court may require any party litigant in such suit (other than the Trustee) to file an undertaking to pay the costs of the suit, and the court may assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant (other than the Trustee) in the suit having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This Section does not apply to a suit by a Holder to enforce payment of principal of or interest on any Security on the respective due dates.
. Right of Court to Require Filing of Undertaking to Pay Costs.
 
Section 5.01(a) The duties and responsibilities of the Trustee are as provided by the Trust Indenture Act and as set forth herein. Whether or not expressly so provided, every provision of the Indenture relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Trustee is subject to this Article.
. Duties and Responsibilities of the Trustee; During Default; Prior to Default.
(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in the Indenture and no others, and no implied covenants or obligations will be read into the Indenture against the Trustee. In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture; but in the case of any such certificates or opinions which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be under a duty to examine the same to determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein).
(c) In case an Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer shall have actual knowledge or shall have received written notice from the Issuer or any Holder of Securities of any series has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise those rights and powers vested in it by the Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of such person's own affairs.
(d) No provision of the Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act or its own willful misconduct, that (i) this subsection shall not be construed to limit the effect of Section 5.01(b), (ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts, (iii) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the direction of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected, relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under this Indenture with respect to such Securities; and no provision of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any
provided
 
financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not reasonably assured to it.
Section 5.02Subject to the provisions of Section 9.06 hereof, all moneys received by the Trustee shall, until used or applied as herein provided, be held in trust for the purposes for which they were received, but need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law. Neither the Trustee nor any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be liable for interest on any money received by it hereunder except such as it may agree with the Issuer in writing to pay thereon.
. Moneys Held by Trustee.
Section 5.03Within 60 days after each May 15, beginning with May 15, 2011, the Trustee will mail to each Holder, as provided in Trust Indenture Act Section 313(c), a brief report dated as of such May 15, if required by Trust Indenture Act Section 313(a), and file such reports with each stock exchange upon which its Securities are listed and with the Commission if, and to the extent, required by Trust Indenture Act Section 313(d).
. Reports by the Trustee to Holders.
The Trustee shall comply with Section 313(b) and 313(c) of the Trust Indenture Act.
A copy of each such report shall, at the time of such transmission to Holders, be filed by the Trustee with the Issuer, with each stock exchange upon which any Securities are listed (if so listed) and also with the Commission.
Section 5.04Subject to Trust Indenture Act Sections 315(a) through (d):
. Certain Rights of the Trustee.
(a) In the absence of bad faith on its part, the Trustee may rely, and will be protected in acting or refraining from acting, upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, direction, consent, order, bond, debenture, note, other evidence of indebtedness or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person. The Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document, but, in the case of any document which is specifically required to be furnished to the Trustee pursuant to any provision hereof, the Trustee shall examine the document to determine whether it conforms to the requirements of the Indenture (but need not confirm or investigate the accuracy of mathematical calculations or other facts stated therein). The Trustee, in its discretion, may make further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it sees fit.
(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an Officer's Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel conforming to Section 10.05 and the Trustee will not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on the certificate or opinion.
 
(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and will not be responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any attorney or agent appointed by the Trustee with due care.
(d) The Trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by the Indenture or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto at the request or direction of any of the Holders, unless such Holders have offered to the Trustee security or indemnity as it may reasonably require against the costs, expenses and liabilities that might be incurred by it in compliance with such request or direction.
(e) The Trustee will not be liable in its individual capacity for any action it takes, suffers or omits to take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within its rights or powers or for any action it takes or omits to take in accordance with the direction of the Holders in accordance with Section 4.09 relating to the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred upon the Trustee, under the Indenture.
(f) The Trustee may consult with counsel, and any advice of such counsel or any Opinion of Counsel will be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.
(g) No provision of the Indenture will require the Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of its rights or powers, unless it receives indemnity satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense.
(h) The Trustee shall not be liable in its individual capacity for an error in judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or other officers of the Trustee, unless it shall be proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts.
(i) The Trustee shall not be personally liable for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by the Indenture.
(j) The Trustee shall have no duty to see to any recording, filing or depositing of the Indenture or any agreement referred to herein or any financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such re-recording or re-filing or re-depositing thereof.
 
(k) The Trustee shall not be required to take notice or be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any default or Event of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee shall have received written notice from the Issuer or any Holder of the Securities or obtained actual knowledge thereof. In the absence of receipt of such notice or actual knowledge, the Trustee may conclusively assume that there is no default or Event of Default.
(l) In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action.
(m) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed to act hereunder.
(n) The Trustee may request from time to time that the Issuer deliver a certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to the Indenture.
Section 5.05The Trustee or any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Securities with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee or such agent and may otherwise deal with the Issuer and receive, collect, hold and retain collections from the Issuer with the same rights it would have if it were not the Trustee or such agent.
. Trustee and Agents May Hold Securities; Collections, etc.
Section 5.06(a) The Issuer and the Guarantor agree, jointly and severally, to pay the Trustee compensation as agreed upon in writing for its services. The compensation of the Trustee is not limited by any law on compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuer and the Guarantor agree, jointly and severally, to reimburse the Trustee upon request for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Trustee, (including the reasonable compensation and the expenses and disbursements of its counsel and of all agents and other Persons not regularly in its employ) except to the extent any such expense, disbursement or advance may arise from its negligence or bad faith. The Issuer and the Guarantor also covenant to indemnify the Trustee, its directors, officers, employees and agents and each predecessor Trustee, its directors, officers, employees and agents for, and to hold each of them harmless against, any loss, liability or expense arising out of or in connection with the acceptance or administration of the Indenture or the trusts hereunder and the performance of its duties hereunder and under the Securities, including the costs and expenses of defending itself against or investigating any claim of liability in the premises and the costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim or liability and of complying with any process served upon it or any of its officers, except to the extent such loss liability or expense is due to the negligence or bad faith of the Trustee or
. Compensation and Indemnification of Trustee and Its Prior Claim.
 
such predecessor Trustee. Expenses incurred by the Trustee in connection with an Event of Default specified in Section 4.01 (including the reasonable charges and expenses of its counsel) and the Trustee's compensation for any services rendered in connection therewith are intended to constitute expenses of administration under any applicable Federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law.
(b) To secure the Issuer's and the Guarantor's payment obligations in this Section, the Trustee will have a lien prior to the Securities on all money or Property held or collected by the Trustee, in its capacity as Trustee, except money or Property held in trust to pay principal of, and interest on particular Securities.
The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor under this Section 5.06 shall survive the resignation and removal of the Trustee and payment of the Securities, and shall extend to any co-trustee or separate trustee.
Section 5.07Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.04, whenever in the administration of the trusts of the Indenture the Trustee shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or suffering or omitting any action hereunder, such matter (unless other evidence in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may, in the absence of negligence or bad faith on the part of the Trustee, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by an Officer's Certificate delivered to the Trustee, and such certificate, in the absence of negligence or bad faith on the part of the Trustee, shall be full warrant to the Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it under the provisions of the Indenture upon the faith thereof.
. Right of Trustee to Rely on Officer's Certificate, etc.
Section 5.08. If the Trustee has or shall acquire any "conflicting interest" within the meaning of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act, the Trustee and the Issuer shall in all respects comply with the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act.
. Disqualification; Conflicting Interests
Section 5.09The Indenture must always have a Trustee that satisfies the requirements of Trust Indenture Act Section 310(a) and has a combined capital and surplus of at least $25,000,000 as set forth in its most recent published annual report of condition.
. Persons Eligible for Appointment as Trustee.
Section 5.10(a) The Trustee, or any trustee or trustees hereafter appointed, may at any time resign with respect to one or more or all series of Securities by giving written notice of resignation to the Issuer and by mailing notice thereof by first class mail to Holders of the applicable series of Securities at their last addresses as they shall appear on the Register. Upon receiving such notice of resignation, the Issuer shall promptly appoint a successor trustee or trustees with respect to the applicable series by written instrument in duplicate, executed by authority of the Board of Directors, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to
. Resignation and Removal; Appointment of Successor Trustee.
 
the resigning Trustee and one copy to the successor trustee or trustees. If no successor trustee shall have been so appointed with respect to any series and have accepted appointment within 30 days after the mailing of such notice of resignation, the resigning Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a bona fide Holder of a Security or Securities of the applicable series for at least six months may, subject to the provisions of Section 4.12, on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any such court for the appointment of a successor trustee. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, appoint a successor trustee.
(b) In case at any time any of the following shall occur:
(i) the Trustee shall fail to comply with the provisions of Section 310(b) of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to any series of Securities after written request therefor by the Issuer or by any Holder who has been a Holder of a Security or Securities of such series for at least six months; or
bona fide
(ii) the Trustee shall cease to be eligible in accordance with the provisions of Section 310(a) of the Trust Indenture Act and shall fail to resign after written request therefor by the Issuer or by any Holder; or
(iii) the Trustee shall become incapable of acting with respect to any series of Securities, or shall be adjudged a bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver or liquidator of the Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation;
then, in any such case, the Issuer may remove the Trustee with respect to the applicable series of Securities and appoint a successor trustee for such series by written instrument, in duplicate, executed by order of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, one copy of which instrument shall be delivered to the Trustee so removed and one copy to the successor trustee, or any Holder who has been a Holder of a Security or Securities of such series for at least six months may on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated, petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of the Trustee and the appointment of a successor trustee with respect to such series. Such court may thereupon, after such notice, if any, as it may deem proper and prescribe, remove the Trustee and appoint a successor trustee.
bona fide
(c) The Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of each series at the time Outstanding may at any time remove the Trustee with respect to Securities of such series and appoint a successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of such series with the consent of the Issuer by delivering to the Trustee so removed, to the successor Trustee so appointed and to the Issuer the evidence provided for in Section 6.01 of the action in that regard taken by the Holders.
 
(d) Any resignation or removal of the Trustee with respect to any series and any appointment of a successor Trustee with respect to such series pursuant to any of the provisions of this Section 5.10 shall become effective upon acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee as provided in Section 5.11.
(e) Any successor Trustee appointed pursuant to this Section may be appointed with respect to the Securities of one or more series or all of such series, and at any time there shall be only one Trustee with respect to the Securities of any particular series.
Section 5.11Any successor Trustee appointed as provided in Section 5.10 shall execute and deliver to the Issuer and to its predecessor Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment hereunder, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the predecessor Trustee with respect to all or any applicable series shall become effective and such successor Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all rights, powers, duties and obligations with respect to such series of its predecessor hereunder, with like effect as if originally named as trustee for such series hereunder; but, nevertheless, on the written request of the Issuer or of the successor Trustee, upon payment of its charges then unpaid, the trustee ceasing to act shall, subject to Section 9.06, pay over to the successor Trustee all moneys at the time held by it hereunder and shall execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Trustee all such rights, powers, duties and obligations.
. Acceptance of Appointment by Successor.
If a successor Trustee is appointed with respect to the Securities of one or more (but not all) series, the Issuer, the predecessor Trustee and each successor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any applicable series shall execute and deliver an indenture supplemental hereto prepared by and at the expense of the Issuer which (1) shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to transfer and confirm to, and to vest in, each successor Trustee all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Trustee with respect to the Securities of that or those series to which the appointment of such successor Trustee relates, (2) shall contain such provisions as shall be deemed necessary or desirable to confirm that all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the predecessor Trustee with respect to the Securities of any series as to which the predecessor Trustee is not retiring shall continue to be vested in the predecessor Trustee, and (3) shall add to or change any of the provisions of the Indenture as shall be necessary to provide for or facilitate the administration of the trusts hereunder by more than one trustee, it being understood that nothing herein or in such supplemental indenture shall constitute such trustees co-trustees of the same trust and that each such trustee shall be trustee of a trust or trusts under separate indentures.
Upon acceptance of appointment by any successor Trustee as provided in this Section 5.11, the Issuer shall mail notice thereof by first-class mail to the Holders of any series for which such successor Trustee is acting as trustee at their last addresses as they shall appear in the Register. If the acceptance of appointment is substantially contemporaneous with the resignation, then the notice called for by the preceding sentence may be combined with the notice called for by Section 5.10. If the Issuer fails to mail such notice within ten days after acceptance of appointment by the successor Trustee, the successor Trustee shall cause such notice to be mailed at the expense of the Issuer.
 
Section 5.12If the Trustee consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation or national banking association, the resulting, surviving or transferee corporation or national banking association without any further act will be the successor Trustee with the same effect as if the successor Trustee had been named as the Trustee in the Indenture.
. Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Trustee.
In case at the time such successor to the Trustee shall succeed to the trusts created by the Indenture any of the Securities of any series shall have been authenticated but not delivered, any such successor to the Trustee may adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee and deliver such Securities so authenticated; and, in case at that time any of the Securities of any series shall not have been authenticated, any successor to the Trustee may authenticate such Securities either in the name of any predecessor hereunder or in the name of the successor Trustee; and in all such cases such certificate shall have the full force which it is anywhere in the Securities of such series or in the Indenture provided that the certificate of the Trustee shall have; , that the right to adopt the certificate of authentication of any predecessor Trustee or to authenticate Securities of any series in the name of any predecessor Trustee shall apply only to its successor or successors by merger, conversion or consolidation.
provided
Section 5.13The Trustees shall comply with Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act, excluding any creditor relationship described in Section 311(b) of the Trust Indenture Act. A Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to Section 311(a) of the Trust Indenture Act to the extent included therein.
. Preferential Collection of Claims Against the Issuer.
Section 5.14The Trustee (i) makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of the Indenture or the Securities, (ii) is not accountable for the Issuer's use or application of the proceeds from the Securities and (iii) is not responsible for any statement in the Securities other than its certificate of authentication.
. Trustee's Disclaimer.
Section 6.01Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by the Indenture to be given or taken by a specified percentage in principal amount of the Holders of any or all series may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such specified percentage of Holders in person or by agent duly appointed in writing; and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Trustee.
. Evidence of Action Taken by Holders.
 
If the Issuer shall solicit from the Holders of any series any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, the Issuer may, at its option, as evidenced by an Officer's Certificate, fix in advance a record date for such series for the determination of Holders entitled to give such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, but the Issuer shall have no obligation to do so. If such a record date is fixed, such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, may be given before or after the record date, but only the Holders of the requisite proportion of Outstanding Securities of that series who have authorized or agreed or consented to such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action, and for that purpose the Outstanding Securities of that series shall be computed as of the record date; , , that no such authorization, agreement or consent by such Holders on the record date shall be deemed effective unless it shall become effective pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture not later than six months after the record date.
provided
however
Proof of execution of any instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of the Indenture and (subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.04) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Article.
Section 6.02Subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.04, the execution of any instrument by a Holder or his agent or proxy may be proved in accordance with such reasonable rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Trustee or in such manner as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee. The holding of Securities shall be proved by the Register or by a certificate of the registrar thereof. The Issuer may set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of Holders of any series entitled to vote or consent to any action referred to in Section 6.01, which record date may be set at any time or from time to time by notice to the Trustee, for any date or dates (in the case of any adjournment or reconsideration) not more than 60 days nor less than five days prior to the proposed date of such vote or consent, and thereafter, notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, only Holders of such series of record on such record date shall be entitled to so vote or give such consent or revoke such vote or consent. Notice of such record date may be given before or after any request for any action referred to in Section 6.01 is made by the Issuer.
. Proof of Execution of Instruments and of Holding of Securities; Record Date.
Section 6.03Prior to the due presentment for registration of transfer of any Security, the Issuer, the Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee may deem and treat the Person in whose name any Security shall be registered upon the Register for such series as the absolute owner of such Security (whether or not such Security shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notation of ownership or other writing thereon) for the purpose of receiving payment of or on account
. Holders to Be Treated as Owners.
 
of the principal of, and, subject to the provisions of the Indenture, interest on such Security and for all other purposes; and neither the Issuer, the Trustee, nor any agent of the Issuer or the Trustee shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. All such payments so made to any such Person, or upon his order, shall be valid, and, to the extent of the sum or sums so paid, effectual to satisfy and discharge the liability for moneys payable upon any such Security.
Section 6.04In determining whether the Holders of the requisite aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Securities of any or all series have concurred in any direction, consent or waiver under the Indenture, Securities which are owned by the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities with respect to which such determination is being made or by any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities with respect to which such determination is being made shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding for the purpose of any such determination, except that for the purpose of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in relying on any such direction, consent or waiver only Securities which a Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned, or has received written notice that such Securities are so owned, shall be so disregarded. Securities so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Trustee the pledgee's right so to act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Securities or any Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer or any other obligor on the Securities. In case of a dispute as to such right, the advice of counsel shall be full protection in respect of any decision made by the Trustee in accordance with such advice. Upon request of the Trustee, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee promptly an Officer's Certificate listing and identifying all Securities, if any, known by the Issuer to be owned or held by or for the account of any of the above-described Persons; and, subject to Sections 5.01 and 5.04, the Trustee shall be entitled to accept such Officer's Certificate as conclusive evidence of the facts therein set forth and of the fact that all Securities not listed therein are Outstanding for the purpose of any such determination.
. Securities Owned by Issuer Deemed Not Outstanding.
Section 6.05At any time prior to (but not after) the evidencing to the Trustee, as provided in Section 6.01, of the taking of any action by the Holders of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any or all series, as the case may be, specified in the Indenture in connection with such action, any Holder of a Security the serial number of which is shown by the evidence to be included among the serial numbers of the Securities the Holders of which have consented to such action may, by filing written notice at the applicable Corporate Trust Office and upon proof of holding as provided in this Article, revoke such action so far as concerns such Security. Except as aforesaid any such action taken by the Holder of any Security shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders and owners of such Security and of any Securities issued in exchange or substitution therefor, irrespective of
. Right of Revocation of Action Taken.
 
whether or not any notation in regard thereto is made upon any such Security. Any action taken by the Holders of the percentage in aggregate principal amount of the Securities of any or all series, as the case may be, specified in the Indenture in connection with such action shall be conclusively binding upon the Issuer, the Trustee and the Holders of all the Securities affected by such action.
Section 7.01The Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee may amend the Indenture or the Securities or enter into an indenture supplemental hereto without notice to or the consent of any Holder to:
. Supplemental Indentures without Consent of Holders.
(a) cure ambiguities, defects or inconsistencies;
(b) make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits to the Holders of the Securities of a series;
(c) provide for or add guarantors with respect to the Securities of any series;
(d) secure the Securities of any series;
(e) establish the form or forms of Securities of any series;
(f) provide for uncertificated Securities of any series in addition to or in place of certificated Securities of the applicable series;
(g) evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment by a successor Trustee;
(h) provide for the assumption by a successor corporation, partnership, trust or limited liability company of the Issuer's obligations to the Holders of the Securities of any series, in each case in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Indenture;
(i) maintain the qualification of the Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act;
(j) conform any provision in the Indenture or the terms of the Securities of any series to the prospectus, offering memorandum, offering circular or any other document pursuant to which the Securities of such series were offered; or
(k) make any change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder in any material respect.
 
The Trustee is hereby authorized to join with the Issuer and the Guarantor in the execution of any such amendment or supplemental indenture, to make any further appropriate agreements and stipulations which may be therein contained and to accept the conveyance, transfer, assignment, mortgage or pledge of any Property thereunder, but the Trustee shall not be obligated to enter into any such amendment or supplemental indenture which affects the Trustee's own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise.
Any amendment or supplemental indenture authorized by the provisions of this section may be executed without notice to and without the consent of the Holders of any of the Securities at the time Outstanding, notwithstanding any of the provisions of Section 7.02.
Section 7.02(a) With the consent (evidenced as provided in Article 6) of the Holders of not less than a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected by such amendment or supplemental indenture (voting together as a single class), the Issuer, when authorized by a Resolution of its Board of Directors, the Guarantor and the Trustee may, from time to time and at any time, enter into an indenture or indentures supplemental hereto for the purpose of adding any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of the Indenture or of any supplemental indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Holders of the Securities of each such series and such Holders may waive future compliance by the Issuer with a provision of the Indenture or the Securities.
. Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Holders.
(b) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (a), without the consent of each affected Holder, an amendment, supplement or waiver may not:
(i) reduce the principal amount, or extend the fixed maturity, of the Securities, alter or waive the redemption provisions of the Securities;
(ii) impair the right of any Holder of the Securities to receive payment of principal or interest on the Securities on and after the due dates for such principal or interest;
(iii) change the currency in which principal, any premium or interest is paid;
(iv) reduce the percentage in principal amount Outstanding of Securities of any series which must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver or consent to take any action;
(v) impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on the Securities;
 
(vi) waive a payment default with respect to the Securities or any guarantor;
(vii) reduce the interest rate or extend the time for payment of interest on the Securities; or
(viii) adversely affect the ranking of the Securities of any series.
It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this section to approve the particular form of any proposed supplemental indenture, but it shall be sufficient if such consent shall approve the substance thereof.
Section 7.03Upon the request of the Issuer, accompanied by a copy of a Resolution of the Board of Directors certified by the secretary or an assistant secretary of the Issuer authorizing the execution of any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence of the consent of Holders as aforesaid and other documents, if any, required by Section 6.01, the Trustee shall join with the Issuer and the Guarantor in the execution of such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver unless such supplemental indenture or waiver affects the Trustee's own rights, duties or immunities under the Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver.
. Execution of Amendments or Supplemental Indentures or Waivers.
The Trustee, subject to the provisions of Sections 5.01 and 5.04, may receive an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel as conclusive evidence that any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver executed pursuant to this Article 7 complies with the applicable provisions of the Indenture and stating that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture; , , that such Officer's Certificate and Opinion of Counsel need not be provided in connection with the execution of an amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver that establishes the terms of a series of Securities pursuant to Section 2.01 hereof.
provided
however
Promptly after the execution by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee of any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver pursuant to the provisions of this Section, the Issuer shall mail a notice thereof by first class mail to the Holders of each series affected thereby at their addresses as they shall appear on the Register of the Issuer, setting forth in general terms the substance of such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver. Any failure of the Issuer to mail such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver.
Section 7.04. Upon the execution of any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver pursuant to the provisions hereof, the Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance
Effect of Amendment, Supplemental Indenture or Waiver.
 
therewith and the respective rights, limitations of rights, obligations, duties and immunities under the Indenture of the Trustee, the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Holders of each series affected thereby shall thereafter be determined, exercised and enforced hereunder subject in all respects to such modifications and amendments, and all the terms and conditions of any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver shall be and be deemed to be part of the terms and conditions of the Indenture for any and all purposes.
Section 7.05After an amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective, it will bind every Holder unless it is of the type requiring the consent of each Holder affected. If the amendment, supplement or waiver is of the type requiring the consent of each Holder affected, the amendment, supplement or waiver will bind each Holder that has consented to it and every subsequent Holder of a Security that evidences the same debt as the Security of the consenting Holder.
. Effect of Consent.
Section 7.06Securities of any series authenticated and delivered after the execution of any amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver pursuant to the provisions of this Article may bear a notation in form approved by the Trustee for such series, as to any matter provided for by such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver or as to any action taken at any such meeting. If the Trustee shall so determine, new Securities of any series so modified as to conform, in the opinion of the Trustee and the Board of Directors of the Issuer, to any modification of the Indenture contained in any such amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver may be prepared by the Issuer, authenticated by the Trustee and delivered in exchange for the Securities of such series then Outstanding.
. Notation on Securities in Respect of Amendments, Supplemental Indentures or Waivers.
Section 7.07. Every amendment, supplemental indenture or waiver executed pursuant to this Article shall conform to the requirements of the Trust Indenture Act as then in effect.
Conformity with the Trust Indenture Act.
Section 8.01(a) No Obligor shall merge or consolidate or combine with or into or, directly or indirectly, sell, assign, convey, lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets to any Person or Persons in a single transaction or through a series of transactions, unless:
. Consolidation, Merger or Sale of Assets by an Obligor.
(i) such Obligor shall be the continuing Person or, if such Obligor is not the continuing Person, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the "") is a company organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
Surviving Entity
 
(ii) the Surviving Entity shall expressly assume all of such Obligor's obligations under the Securities and the Indenture, and shall, if required by law to effectuate the assumption, execute a supplemental indenture in form satisfactory to the Trustee which will be delivered to the Trustee;
(iii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction or series of transactions on a pro forma basis, no default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; and
(iv) such Obligor or the Surviving Entity, as applicable, will have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and Opinion of Counsel stating that the transaction or series of transactions and a supplemental indenture, if any, complies with this Section 8.01 and that all conditions precedent in the Indenture relating to the transaction or series of transactions have been satisfied.
(b) The restrictions in paragraph Sections 8.01(a)(iii) and 8.01(a)(iv) shall not be applicable to:
(i) the merger or consolidation of an Obligor with an affiliate of such Obligor if the Board of Directors determines in good faith that the purpose of such transaction is principally to change the state of incorporation of such Obligor or convert the form of organization of such Obligor to another form; or
(ii) the merger of an Obligor with or into a single direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of such Obligor pursuant to Section 251(g) (or any successor provision) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (or similar provision of such Obligor's state of incorporation).
Section 8.02If any consolidation or merger or any sale, assignment, conveyance, lease, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of an Obligor's assets occurs in accordance with the Indenture, the successor Person shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of such Obligor under the Indenture with the same effect as if such successor Person had been named herein as such Obligor and such Obligor shall (except in the case of a lease) be discharged from all obligations and covenants under the Indenture and the Securities.
. Successor Substituted.
 
Section 9.01The Issuer may terminate its obligations under the Indenture, together with the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder, when:
. Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture.
(a) either (i) all the Securities of any series issued that have been authenticated and delivered have been accepted by the Trustee for cancellation (other than any Securities of such series which shall have been destroyed, lost or stolen and which shall have been replaced or paid as provided in Section 2.09); or (ii) all the Securities of any series issued that have not been accepted by the Trustee for cancellation shall have become due and payable, or are by their terms to become due and payable within one year, and the Issuer shall have made irrevocable arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by such Trustee in the Issuer's name, and at the Issuer's expense and the Issuer have irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee sufficient funds to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness on the series of Securities to pay principal, interest and any premium; and
(b) The Issuer shall have paid or caused to be paid all other sums then due and payable under the Indenture; and
(c) The Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that all conditions precedent under the Indenture relating to the satisfaction and discharge of the indenture have been complied with.
If the foregoing conditions are met, the Trustee, on written demand of the Issuer accompanied by an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel and at the cost and expense of the Issuer, shall execute proper instruments prepared by the Issuer acknowledging such satisfaction of and discharging the Indenture with respect to such series except as to:
(1) rights of registration of transfer and exchange of Securities of such series, and the Issuer's right of optional redemption, if any;
(2) substitution of mutilated, defaced, destroyed, lost or stolen Securities;
(3) rights of Holders to receive payments when due of principal thereof and interest thereon;
(4) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee hereunder;
(5) the rights of the Holders of such series as beneficiaries hereof with respect to the Property so deposited with the Trustee payable to all or any of them; and
(6) the rights of the Issuer to be repaid any money pursuant to Sections 9.05 and 9.06.
 
Section 9.02After the 91st day following the deposit referred to in Section 9.01, the Issuer will be deemed to have paid and the Issuer and the Guarantor will be discharged from their respective obligations in respect of the Securities of any series and the Indenture, other than their respective obligations in Article 2 and Sections 3.01, 3.02, 5.06, 5.10, and listed in clauses (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6) of Section 9.01, provided the following conditions have been satisfied:
. Legal Defeasance.
(a) The Issuer has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the Trustee as trust funds for the purpose of making the following payments, specifically pledged as security for, and dedicated solely to the benefits of the Holders of the Securities of a series in cash or Governmental Obligations or a combination thereof (other than moneys repaid by the Trustee or any paying agent to the Issuer in accordance with Section 9.06) in each case sufficient without reinvestment, in the written opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent public accountants to pay and discharge, and which shall be applied by the Trustee to pay and discharge, all of the principal, interest and any premium at due date or maturity or if the Issuer has made irrevocable arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the trustee in the Issuer's name and at the Issuer's expense, the redemption date;
(b) The Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel stating that, as a result of an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ruling or a change in applicable U.S. federal income tax law, the Holders of the Securities of that series will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, defeasance and discharge to be effected and will be subject to the same U.S. federal income tax as would be the case if the deposit, defeasance and discharge did not occur;
(c) No default with respect to the outstanding Securities of that series has occurred and is continuing at the time of such deposit after giving effect to the deposit or, in the case of legal defeasance, no default relating to bankruptcy or insolvency has occurred and is continuing at any time on or before the 91st day after the date of such deposit (other than an Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit and the grant of any Lien securing such borrowings), it being understood that this condition is not deemed satisfied until after the 91st day;
(d) The defeasance will not cause the Trustee to have a conflicting interest within the meaning of the Trust Indenture Act, assuming all Securities of a series were in default within the meaning of such Act;
(e) The defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, the Indenture (other than an Event of Default resulting from the borrowing of funds to be applied to such deposit and the grant of any Lien securing such borrowings) or any other material agreement or instrument to which the Issuer or the Guarantor is a party or by which it is bound;
(f) The defeasance will not result in the trust arising from such deposit constituting an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, unless the trust is registered under such Act or exempt from registration; and
 
(g) The Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, in each case stating that all conditions precedent provided for herein relating to the defeasance have been complied with;
Prior to the end of the 91-day period, none of the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Indenture will be discharged. Thereafter, the Trustee upon request will acknowledge in writing the discharge of the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor under the Securities, the Guarantee and the Indenture except for the surviving obligations specified above.
Section 9.03After the 91st day following the deposit referred to in Section 9.01, the Issuer's obligations set forth in Sections 3.04, 3.05 and 8.01 will terminate, the Guarantor's obligations under Article 12 will terminate and Section 4.01(c) will no longer constitute an Event of Default, provided the following conditions have been satisfied:
. Covenant Defeasance.
(a) The Issuer has complied with clauses (a), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) of Section 9.02; and
(b) the Issuer has delivered to the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Holders of the Securities of that series will not recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and covenant defeasance to be effected and will be subject to the same federal income tax as would be the case if the deposit and covenant defeasance did not occur.
Except as specifically stated above, none of the Issuer's or the Guarantor's obligations under the Indenture will be discharged.
Section 9.04Subject to Section 9.06, all moneys deposited with the Trustee pursuant to Section 9.01 shall be held in trust and applied by it to the payment, either directly or through any paying agent (including the Issuer acting as its own paying agent), to the Holders of the particular Securities of such series for the payment or redemption of which such moneys or Governmental Obligations have been deposited with the Trustee, of all sums due and to become due thereon for principal and interest. Such money need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law.
. Application by Trustee of Funds Deposited for Payment of Securities.
Section 9.05In connection with the satisfaction and discharge of the Indenture with respect to Securities of any series, all moneys then held by any paying agent under the provisions of the Indenture with respect to such series of Securities shall, upon demand of the Issuer, be repaid to the Issuer or paid to the Trustee and thereupon such paying agent shall be released from all further liability with respect to such moneys or Governmental Obligations.
. Repayment of Moneys Held by Paying Agent.
 
Section 9.06Any moneys or Governmental Obligations deposited with or paid to the Trustee or any paying agent for the payment of the principal of or interest on any Security of any series and not applied but remaining unclaimed for two years after the date upon which such principal or interest shall have become due and payable, shall, upon the written request of the Issuer and unless otherwise required by mandatory provisions of applicable escheat or abandoned or unclaimed property law, be repaid to the Issuer by the Trustee for such series or such paying agent, and the Holder of the Security of such series shall, unless otherwise required by mandatory provisions of applicable escheat or abandoned or unclaimed property laws, thereafter look only to the Issuer for any payment which such Holder may be entitled to collect, and all liability of the Trustee or any paying agent with respect to such moneys shall thereupon cease.
. Return of Moneys Held by Trustee and Paying Agent Unclaimed for Two Years.
Section 10.01No recourse under or upon any obligation, covenant or agreement contained in the Indenture, including the Guarantee, or in any Security, or because of any indebtedness evidenced thereby, shall be had against any incorporator, as such, or against any past, present or future stockholder, employee, officer or director, as such, of the Issuer, the Guarantor or of any successor thereof, either directly or through the Issuer, the Guarantor or any successor thereof, under any rule of law, statute or constitutional provision or by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal or equitable proceeding or otherwise, all such liability being expressly waived and released by the acceptance of the Securities by the Holders thereof and as part of the consideration for the issue of the Securities.
. Incorporators, Stockholders, Employees, Officers and Directors of Issuer Exempt from Individual Liability.
Section 10.02Nothing in the Indenture or in the Securities, expressed or implied, shall give or be construed to give to any Person, firm or corporation, other than the parties hereto and their successors and the Holders of the Securities, any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under the Indenture or under any covenant or provision herein contained, all such covenants and provisions being for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and of the Holders of the Securities.
. Provisions of Indenture for the Sole Benefit of Parties and Holders.
Section 10.03All the agreements of the Issuer and the Guarantor in the Indenture and the Securities shall bind their respective successors and assigns.
. Successors and Assigns of Issuer and the Guarantor Bound by Indenture.
 
Section 10.04. Any notice or demand which by any provision of the Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Holders to or on the Issuer or the Guarantor may be given or served by being deposited postage prepaid, first-class mail (except as otherwise specifically provided herein) addressed (until another address is filed with the Trustee by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as applicable) to SAIC, Inc., 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102 Attention: Chief Financial Officer and a copy of such notice or demand shall be sent to the Issuer's General Counsel at the same address. Any notice, direction, request or demand by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Holder to or upon the Trustee shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given or made, for all purposes, if given or made at the applicable Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee.
Notices and Demands on Issuer, Guarantor, Trustee and Holders.
Where the Indenture provides for notice to Holders, such notice shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if in writing and mailed, first-class postage prepaid, to each Holder entitled thereto, at his last address as it appears in the Register. In any case where notice to Holders is given by mail, neither the failure to mail such notice, nor any defect in any notice so mailed, to any particular Holder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice with respect to other Holders. Where the Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by the Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Holders shall be filed with the Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver.
In case, by reason of the suspension of or irregularities in regular mail service, it shall be impracticable to mail notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor and Holders when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of the Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice.
In addition to the foregoing, the Trustee agrees to accept and act upon notice, instructions or directions pursuant to this Indenture sent by unsecured e-mail, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods; provided, however, that (a) the party providing such written instructions, subsequent to such transmission of written instructions, shall provide the originally executed instructions or directions to the Trustee in a timely manner, and (b) such originally executed instructions or directions shall be signed by an authorized representative of the party providing such instructions or directions. If the party elects to give the Trustee e-mail or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and the Trustee in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, the Trustee's understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. The Trustee shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from the Trustee's reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflict or are inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. The party providing electronic instructions agrees to assume all risks arising out of the use of such electronic methods to submit instructions and directions to the Trustee, including without limitation the risk of the Trustee acting on unauthorized instructions, and the risk or interception and misuse by third parties.
 
Section 10.05Upon any application or demand by the Issuer to the Trustee to take any action under any of the provisions of the Indenture, the Issuer shall furnish to the Trustee an Officer's Certificate stating that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in the Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel stating that in the opinion of such counsel all such conditions precedent have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or demand as to which the furnishing of such documents is specifically required by any provision of the Indenture relating to such particular application or demand, no additional certificate or opinion need be furnished.
. Officer's Certificates and Opinions of Counsel; Statements to Be Contained Therein.
Each certificate or opinion provided for in the Indenture and delivered to the Trustee with respect to compliance with a condition or covenant provided for in the Indenture shall include (a) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read such covenant or condition, (b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such certificate or opinion are based, (c) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he has made such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has been complied with and (d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such condition or covenant has been complied with.
Any certificate, statement or opinion of an officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of or representations by counsel, unless such officer knows that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate, statement or opinion may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know that the same are erroneous. Any certificate, statement or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, information with respect to which is in the possession of the Issuer, upon the certificate, statement or opinion of or representations by an officer or officers of the Issuer, unless such counsel knows that the certificate, statement or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate, statement or opinion may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know that the same are erroneous.
Any certificate, statement or opinion of an officer of the Issuer or Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to accounting matters, upon a certificate or opinion of or representations by an accountant or firm of accountants in the employ of the Issuer, unless such officer or counsel, as the case may be, knows that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the accounting matters upon which his certificate, statement or opinion may be based as aforesaid are erroneous, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know that the same are erroneous.
 
Any certificate or opinion of any independent firm of public accountants filed with the Trustee shall contain a statement that such firm is independent.
Section 10.06Except as provided pursuant to Section 2.01 pursuant to a Resolution of the Board of Directors, and as set forth in an Officer's Certificate, or established in one or more indentures supplemental to the Indenture, if the date of maturity of interest on or principal of the Securities of any series or the date fixed for redemption or repayment of any such Security shall not be a Business Day, then payment of interest or principal need not be made on such date, but may be made on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on the date of maturity or the date fixed for redemption, and no interest shall accrue for the period after such date.
. Payments Due on Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays.
Section 10.07The Indenture shall incorporate and be governed by the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act that are required to be part of and to govern indentures qualified under the Trust Indenture Act.
. Trust Indenture Act of 1939.
Section 10.08The Indenture, including the Guarantee, and each Security shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
. New York Law to Govern.
Section 10.09. The Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same instrument.
Counterparts.
Section 10.10The Article and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
. Effect of Headings.
Section 10.11. In case any one or more of the provisions contained in the Indenture or in the Securities of any series shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect or impair any other provisions of the Indenture or of such Securities, but the Indenture and such Securities shall be construed as if such invalid or illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein or therein.
Separability.
Section 10.12. . In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or computer (software and hardware) services; it being understood that the Trustee shall use reasonable efforts which are consistent with accepted practices in the banking industry to resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances.
Force Majeure
 
Section 10.13. The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with Section 326 of the U.S.A. Patriot Act, the Trustee, like all financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Trustee. The parties to this Indenture agree that they will provide the Trustee with such information as it may request in order for the Trustee to satisfy the requirements of the U.S.A. Patriot Act.
U.S.A. Patriot Act.
Section 10.14. . EACH OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND THE TRUSTEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE INDENTURE, THE SECURITIES, THE GUARANTEE OR THE TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
Waiver of Jury Trial
Section 11.01The provisions of this Article shall be applicable to the Securities of any series which are redeemable before their maturity or to any sinking fund for the retirement of Securities of a series except as otherwise specified as contemplated by Section 2.03 for Securities of such series.
. Applicability of Article.
Section 11.02Notice of redemption to the Holders of any series to be redeemed as a whole or in part at the option of the Issuer shall be given by mailing notice of such redemption by first class mail, postage prepaid, at least 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption to such Holders of such series at their last addresses as they shall appear upon the Register. Any notice which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the Holder receives the notice. Failure to give notice by mail, or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Security of a series designated for redemption as a whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other Security of such series.
. Notice of Redemption; Partial Redemptions.
 
The notice of redemption to each such Holder shall specify the principal amount of each Security of such series held by such Holder to be redeemed, the date fixed for redemption, the redemption price, the CUSIP, the place or places of payment, that payment will be made upon presentation and surrender of such Securities, that such redemption is pursuant to the mandatory or optional sinking fund, or both, if such be the case, that interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption will be paid as specified in such notice and that on and after said date interest thereon or on the portions thereof to be redeemed will cease to accrue. In case any Security of a series is to be redeemed in part only the notice of redemption shall state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed and shall state that on and after the date fixed for redemption, upon surrender of such Security, a new Security or Securities of such series in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be issued.
The notice of redemption of Securities of any series to be redeemed shall be prepared and given by the Issuer or, at the Issuer's request, prepared by the Issuer and given by the Trustee in the name and at the expense of the Issuer.
The Issuer shall also deliver to the Trustee, at least 45 days (30 days if the Securities to be redeemed are Global Securities and the Issuer prepares the notice of redemption) prior to the date of redemption (unless a shorter period shall be satisfactory to the Trustee), an Officer's Certificate setting forth the Section of the Indenture pursuant to which the redemption shall occur, the date fixed for redemption, the principal amount of Securities to be redeemed and the redemption price.
If less than all the Securities of a series are to be redeemed, the Securities to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary in the case of Securities represented by a Global Security, or, in the case of Securities not represented by a Global Security, the Trustee shall select, in such manner as it shall deem appropriate and fair, Securities of such series to be redeemed in whole or in part. Securities may be redeemed in part in multiples equal to the minimum authorized denomination for Securities of such series or any multiple thereof. The Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuer in writing of the Securities of such series selected for redemption and, in the case of any Securities of such series selected for partial redemption, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. For all purposes of the Indenture, unless the context otherwise requires, all provisions relating to the redemption of Securities of any series shall relate, in the case of any Security redeemed or to be redeemed only in part, to the portion of the principal amount of such Security which has been or is to be redeemed.
At least one Business Day prior to the redemption date specified in the notice of redemption given as provided in this Section, the Issuer will deposit with the Trustee or with one or more paying agents (or, if the Issuer is acting as its own paying agent, set aside, segregate and hold in trust as provided in Section 3.03) an amount of money sufficient to redeem on the redemption date all the Securities of such series so called for redemption at the appropriate redemption price, together with accrued interest to the date fixed for redemption.
 
Section 11.03If notice of redemption has been given as above provided, the Securities or portions of Securities specified in such notice shall become due and payable on the date and at the place stated in such notice at the applicable redemption price, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, and on and after said date (unless the Issuer shall default in the payment of such Securities at the redemption price, together with interest accrued to said date) interest on the Securities or portions of Securities so called for redemption shall cease to accrue and such Securities shall cease from and after the date fixed for redemption to be entitled to any benefit or security under the Indenture, and the Holders thereof shall have no right in respect of such Securities except the right to receive the redemption price thereof and unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption. On presentation and surrender of such Securities at a place of payment specified in said notice, said Securities or the specified portions thereof shall be paid and redeemed by the Issuer at the applicable redemption price, together with interest accrued thereon to the date fixed for redemption; provided that any payment of interest becoming due on or before the date fixed for redemption shall be payable to the Holders of such Securities registered as such on the relevant record date.
. Payment of Securities Called for Redemption.
If any Security called for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender thereof for redemption, the principal shall, until paid or duly provided for, bear interest from the date fixed for redemption at the rate of interest or Yield to Maturity (in the case of an Original Issue Discount Security) borne by the Security.
Upon presentation of any Security redeemed in part only, the Issuer shall execute and the Trustee shall authenticate and deliver to or on the order of the Holder thereof, at the expense of the Issuer, a new Security or Securities of such series, of authorized denominations, in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the Security so presented.
Section 11.04Securities shall be excluded from eligibility for selection for redemption if they are identified by registration and certificate number in a written statement signed by an authorized officer of the Issuer and delivered to the Trustee at least 15 days prior to the last date on which notice of redemption may be given as being owned of record and beneficially by, and not pledged or hypothecated by either (a) the Issuer or (b) an entity specifically identified in such written statement directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the Issuer.
. Exclusion of Certain Securities from Eligibility for Selection for Redemption.
 
Section 12.01Subject to the provisions of this Article, the Guarantor hereby agrees as follows:
. Agreement to Guarantee.
(a) To guarantee to each Holder of a Security authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to the Trustee and its successors and assigns, jointly and severally with the Issuer and any other guarantor under the Indenture, fully and unconditionally, that:
(i) the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities will be promptly paid in full when due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest on the overdue principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Securities, if any, if lawful (subject in all cases subject to any applicable grace period), and all other obligations of the Issuer to the Holders or the Trustee hereunder or thereunder will be promptly paid in full or performed, all in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and
(ii) in case of any extension of time of payment or renewal of any Securities or any of such other obligations, the same will be promptly paid in full when due or performed in accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment when due of any amount so guaranteed or any performance so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantor shall be obligated to pay the same immediately, jointly and severally with the Issuer and any other guarantor under the Indenture.
(b) The obligations hereunder shall be full and unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the Securities or the Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the same, any waiver or consent by any Holder of the Securities with respect to any provisions hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of the Guarantor. The Guarantor hereby waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer, any right to require a proceeding first against the Issuer, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and covenants that this Guarantee will not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Securities, this Indenture and in the Guarantee.
(c) Subject to Section 12.03, this Guarantee shall not be discharged except by complete performance of the obligations contained in the Securities and the Indenture, and the Guarantor accepts all obligations of a Guarantor under the Indenture.
(d) If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to return to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any custodian, trustee, liquidator or other similar official acting in relation to either the Issuer or the Guarantor, any amount paid by either the Issuer or the Guarantor to the Trustee or such Holder, this Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in full force and effect.
 
(e) The Guarantor shall not be entitled to any right of subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed hereby. The Guarantor further agrees that the maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as provided in Article 4 for the purposes of the Guarantee, notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and in the event of any acceleration of such obligations as provided in Article 4, such obligations (whether or not due and payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantor for the purpose of such Guarantee.
(f) The Guarantor shall have the right to seek contribution from any other guarantor or the Issuer so long as the exercise of such right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantee.
(g) The Guarantor and, by its acceptance of Securities, each Holder hereby confirms that it is the intention of all such parties that the Guarantee not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of any bankruptcy law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to the Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders and the Guarantor hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of the Guarantor will, after giving effect to any maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed liabilities that are relevant under any applicable bankruptcy or fraudulent conveyance laws, and after giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contributions from or payments made by or on behalf of any other guarantor in respect of the obligations of such other guarantor under the Indenture, this Guarantee shall be limited to the maximum amount permissible such that the obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall not constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance.
(h) This Guarantee shall constitute senior indebtedness of the Guarantor, ranking equal with all unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Guarantor.
Section 12.02. . The execution by the Guarantor of the Indenture evidences the Guarantee, whether or not the person signing as an officer of the Guarantor still holds that office at the time of authentication of any Security. The delivery of any Security by the Trustee after authentication constitutes due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in the Indenture on behalf of the Guarantor. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be required to make a notation on the Securities to reflect the Guarantee or the release, termination or discharge thereof.
Execution and Delivery of Guarantee
Section 12.03. . The Guarantor will be released of any obligations under this Guarantee, at the Issuer's option, (i) in connection with the sale or other disposition of all of the assets or capital stock of the Guarantor, provided that such sale or disposition complies with the applicable provisions of this Indenture, including, without limitation, Article 8, or (ii) if the Securities are discharged or defeased in accordance with Article 9. The Trustee shall deliver an instrument reasonably requested of it evidencing such release upon receipt of a request by the Issuer accompanied by an Officer's Certificate and Opinion of Counsel certifying as to compliance with this Section 12.03.
Release of Guarantee
 
Section 12.04. . No past, present or future director, officer, employee, incorporator, stockholder or agent of the Guarantor shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Securities, the Guarantee or the Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder of the Securities by accepting a Security waives and releases all such liability.
No Recourse Against Others
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused the Indenture to be duly executed as of the date set forth above.
 
 

Exhibit 4.2
December 20, 2010
Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated
As Representatives of the several Initial Purchasers
c/o Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
388 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10013
Ladies and Gentlemen:
SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), proposes to issue and sell to the Initial Purchasers listed in Schedule I of the Purchase Agreement (as defined below) (the ""), for whom Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated are acting as representatives (the ""), upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement, dated December 13, 2010 (the ""), $450,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 4.450% Notes due 2020 (the "") and $300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 5.950% Notes due 2040 (the "" and, together with the 2020 Notes, the ""). The Notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the ""), pursuant to its guarantee (the ""). The Notes and the Guarantee are herein collectively referred to as the "". Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.
Issuer
Initial Purchasers
Representatives
Purchase Agreement
2020 Notes
2040 Notes
Notes
Guarantor
Guarantee
Securities
As an inducement to the Initial Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement and in satisfaction of a condition to the obligations of the Initial Purchasers thereunder, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor agree with the Initial Purchasers, for the benefit of the holders (including the Initial Purchasers) of the Securities, the Exchange Securities (as defined herein) and the Private Exchange Securities (as defined herein) (collectively, the ""), as follows:
Holders
1. . The Issuer and the Guarantor shall (i) prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "") a registration statement or, at the election of the Issuer and the Guarantor in their sole discretion, separate registration statements for (x) the 2020 Notes that constitute Transfer-Restricted Securities (as defined below) and (y) the 2040 Notes that constitute Transfer-Restricted Securities (each, an "") on an appropriate form under the Act with respect to a proposed offer to the Holders of the Transfer-Restricted Securities of each series (the "
Registered Exchange Offers
Commission
Exchange Offer Registration Statement
Registered
 
") to issue and deliver to Holders of the Transfer-Restricted Securities of the applicable series, in exchange for their Transfer-Restricted Securities, a like aggregate principal amount of debt securities of the Issuer (the "") that are similarly guaranteed by the Guarantor and are identical in all material respects to the Transfer-Restricted Securities of the applicable series, except for provisions relating to additional interest and the transfer restrictions relating to the Transfer-Restricted Securities of such series, and use their reasonable best efforts to cause the Exchange Offer Registration Statement (A) to be filed with the Commission no later than 270 days after the date of original issuance of the Securities (the "") and (B) the Registered Exchange Offer to be consummated no later than 365 days after the Issue Date and (ii) keep the Exchange Offer Registration Statement effective for not less than 20 business days (or longer, if required by applicable law) after the date on which notice of the Registered Exchange Offer is mailed to the Holders (such period being called the ""). The Exchange Securities will be issued under the Indenture.
Exchange Offer
Exchange Securities
Issue Date
Exchange Offer Registration Period
Upon the effectiveness of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, the Issuer shall promptly commence the Registered Exchange Offer, it being the objective of such Registered Exchange Offer to enable each Holder electing to exchange Transfer-Restricted Securities for the applicable Exchange Securities (assuming that such Holder (a) is not an affiliate of the Issuer and the Guarantor, (b) is not an Exchanging Dealer (as defined herein) not complying with the requirements of the next sentence, (c) is not an Initial Purchaser holding Securities that have, or that are reasonably likely to have, the status of an unsold allotment in an initial distribution, (d) acquires the Exchange Securities in the ordinary course of such Holder's business and (e) has no arrangements or understandings with any person to participate in the distribution of the Exchange Securities) and to trade such Exchange Securities from and after their receipt without any limitations or restrictions under the Act. The Issuer, the Guarantor, the Initial Purchasers and each Exchanging Dealer acknowledge that, pursuant to current interpretations by the Commission's staff of Section 5 of the Act, each Holder that is a broker-dealer electing to exchange Securities, acquired for its own account as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities, for the applicable Exchange Securities (an ""), is required to deliver a prospectus containing substantially the information set forth in hereto on the cover, in hereto in the "Exchange Offer Procedures" section and the "Purpose of the Exchange Offer" section and in hereto in the "Plan of Distribution" section of such prospectus in connection with a sale of any such Exchange Securities received by such Exchanging Dealer pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer.
Exchanging Dealer
Annex A
Annex B
Annex C
If, prior to the consummation of the Registered Exchange Offer, any Holder holds any Transfer-Restricted Securities acquired by it that have, or that are reasonably likely to be determined to have, the status of an unsold allotment in an initial distribution, or any Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities is not entitled to participate in the Registered Exchange Offer, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall, upon the request of any such Holder, simultaneously with the delivery of the Exchange Securities in the Registered Exchange Offer, issue and deliver to any such Holder, in exchange for the Transfer-Restricted Securities of the applicable series held by such Holder, a like aggregate principal amount of debt securities of the Issuer (the "") that are similarly guaranteed by the Guarantor and identical in all material respects to the Exchange Securities of the applicable series, except for provisions relating to additional interest and the transfer restrictions relating to such Private Exchange Securities (the ""). The Private Exchange Securities will be issued under the Indenture, and
Private Exchange Securities
Private Exchange
 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause the Private Exchange Securities to bear the same CUSIP number as the Exchange Securities of the applicable series to the extent permitted by law or Commission policy (in the opinion of counsel to the Issuer).
In connection with the Registered Exchange Offer, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall:
(a) mail to each Holder a copy of the prospectus forming part of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, together with an appropriate letter of transmittal and related documents;
(b) keep the Registered Exchange Offer open for not less than 20 business days (or longer, if required by applicable law) after the date on which notice of the Registered Exchange Offer is mailed to the Holders;
(c) utilize the services of a depositary for the Registered Exchange Offer with an address in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York;
(d) permit Holders to withdraw tendered Securities at any time prior to the close of business, New York City time, on the last business day on which the Registered Exchange Offer shall remain open; and
(e) otherwise comply in all respects with all laws that are applicable to the Registered Exchange Offer.
As soon as practicable after the close of the Registered Exchange Offer and any Private Exchange, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall:
(f) accept for exchange all Transfer-Restricted Securities tendered and not validly withdrawn pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer and the Private Exchange;
(g) deliver to the Trustee for cancellation all Transfer-Restricted Securities so accepted for exchange; and
(h) cause the Trustee promptly to authenticate and deliver to each Holder, the applicable Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities, as the case may be, equal in principal amount and maturity to the Transfer-Restricted Securities of such Holder so accepted for exchange.
The Issuer and the Guarantor shall use their reasonable best efforts to keep the Exchange Offer Registration Statement effective and to amend and supplement the prospectus contained therein in order to permit such prospectus to be used by all persons subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Act for such period of time as such persons must comply with such requirements in order to resell the Exchange Securities; provided, that (i) in the case where such prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto must be delivered by an Exchanging Dealer, such period shall be the lesser of 90 days and the date on which all Exchanging Dealers have sold all Exchange Securities held by them and (ii) the Issuer shall make such prospectus and any amendment or supplement thereto available to any broker-dealer for use in connection with any resale of any Exchange Securities for a period of not less than 90 days after the consummation of the Registered Exchange Offer.
 
Interest on each Exchange Security and Private Exchange Security issued pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer and in the Private Exchange will accrue from the last interest payment date on which interest was paid on the Securities surrendered in exchange therefor or, if no interest has been paid on the Securities, from the Issue Date.
Each Holder participating in the Registered Exchange Offer shall be required to represent to the Issuer that at the time of the consummation of the Registered Exchange Offer (i) any Exchange Securities received by such Holder will be acquired in the ordinary course of business, (ii) such Holder will have no arrangements or understanding with any person to participate in the distribution of the Securities or the Exchange Securities within the meaning of the Act and (iii) such Holder is not an affiliate of the Issuer or the Guarantor or, if it is such an affiliate, such Holder will comply with the registration and prospectus delivery requirements of the Act to the extent applicable.
2. . If (i) because of any change in law or applicable interpretations thereof by the Commission's staff the Issuer and the Guarantor is not permitted to effect the Registered Exchange Offer as contemplated by Section 1 hereof, or (ii) for any other reason the Registered Exchange Offer is not consummated within 365 days after the Issue Date, or (iii) any Initial Purchaser so requests within 90 days after consummation of the Registered Exchange Offer with respect to Transfer-Restricted Securities or Private Exchange Securities not eligible to be exchanged for the applicable Exchange Securities in the Registered Exchange Offer and held by it following the consummation of the Registered Exchange Offer, or (iv) any applicable law or interpretations do not permit any Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities to participate in the Registered Exchange Offer, or (v) any Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities that participates in the Registered Exchange Offer does not receive freely transferable Exchange Securities in exchange for tendered Transfer-Restricted Securities, or (vi) any Transfer-Restricted Securities validly tendered pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer are not exchanged for the applicable Exchange Securities promptly after being accepted for exchange:
Shelf Registration
(a) The Issuer and the Guarantor shall use their reasonable best efforts to prepare and file, if as required or requested pursuant to this Section 2, with the Commission and shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause to be declared effective no later than the later of (x) 365 days after the Issue Date and (y) 90 days after so required or requested pursuant to this Section 2, a shelf registration statement on an appropriate form under the Act relating to the offer and sale of the Transfer-Restricted Securities by the Holders thereof from time to time in accordance with the methods of distribution set forth in such registration statement (hereafter, a "" and, together with any Exchange Offer Registration Statement, a "").
Shelf Registration Statement
Registration Statement
(b) The Issuer and the Guarantor shall use their reasonable best efforts to keep the Shelf Registration Statement continuously effective in order to permit the prospectus forming a part thereof to be used by Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities for a period of (i) six months from the first day that the Shelf Registration Statement becomes effective or (ii) such shorter period that will terminate upon the earlier to occur of (x) all of the Transfer-Restricted Securities
 
covered by such Shelf Registration Statement having been sold pursuant thereto or (y) all of such Securities ceasing to be Transfer-Restricted Securities (the period from the effective date of such Shelf Registration Statement until the earlier of the events described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, the "").
Shelf Registration Period
(c) In the absence of events described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the first paragraph of this Section 2, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not be permitted to discharge their obligations under Section 1 hereof by means of the filing of a Shelf Registration Statement.
(d) The Issuer will have the ability to suspend the Shelf Registration Statement, as limited below (a ""), if the Issuer determines, in its reasonable judgment, that the continued effectiveness and/or use of the Shelf Registration Statement would require the disclosure of confidential information or interfere with any financing, acquisition, reorganization or other material transaction involving the Issuer. A Suspension Period shall commence on and include the date that the Issuer gives written notice to all Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities that the Shelf Registration Statement is no longer effective or the prospectus included therein is no longer usable for offers and sales of Transfer-Restricted Securities covered by such Shelf Registration Statement and continue until holders of such Transfer-Restricted Securities (as defined below) either receive the copies of the supplemented or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 4(j) hereof or receive an Advice (as defined below) that use of the prospectus may be resumed. No Suspension Period shall be for more than 30 consecutive days and any such Suspension Periods may not exceed 60 days in the aggregate during any twelve month period.
Suspension Period
3. .
Additional Interest
(a) The parties hereto agree that the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities will suffer damages if the Issuer and the Guarantor fail to fulfill their obligations under Section 1 or Section 2, as applicable, and that it would not be feasible to ascertain the extent of such damages. Accordingly, if (i) the Exchange Offer Registration Statement is not filed with the Commission within 270 days after the Issue Date, (ii) if the Shelf Registration Statement is required pursuant to Section 2 hereof but is not declared effective within 365 days after the Issue Date (or such later date as required by Section 2(a)), (iii) the Registered Exchange Offer is not consummated on or prior to 365 days after the Issue Date, or (iv) the Shelf Registration Statement required pursuant to Section 2 hereof is filed and declared effective but shall thereafter cease to be effective (at any time that the Issuer is obligated to maintain the effectiveness thereof) without being succeeded within 30 days by an additional Registration Statement filed and declared effective (each such event referred to in clauses (i) through (iv), an ""), the Issuer and the Guarantor will be jointly and severally obligated to pay additional interest ("") to each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities, in an amount equal to 0.25% per annum on the principal amount of Transfer-Restricted Securities held by such Holder immediately following the occurrence of one or more such Additional Interest Triggers. In no event, however, shall the Issuer and the Guarantor be required to pay Additional Interest in excess of 0.25% per annum. Additional Interest shall cease to accrue and the interest rate will revert to the original rate when (w) the Exchange Offer Registration Statement is filed with the Commission in the case of clause (i) above, (x) the applicable Registration Statement is declared effective in the case of clause (ii) above, (y) the Registered Exchange Offer is consummated in
Additional Interest Trigger
Additional Interest
 
the case of clause (iii) above, or (z) the Shelf Registration Statement again becomes effective in the case of clause (iv) above; , , that, if after any such reduction in interest rate, a different Additional Interest Trigger occurs, then the interest rate borne by the Transfer-Restricted Securities shall again be increased pursuant to the foregoing provisions. As used herein, the term "" means each Security until the earlier to occur of (i) the date on which such Security has been exchanged for a freely transferable applicable Exchange Security in the Registered Exchange Offer, (ii) the date on which it has been effectively registered under the Act and disposed of in accordance with the Shelf Registration Statement or (iii) the date on which it is distributed to the public pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3(a), neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be required to pay Additional Interest to a Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities if such Holder failed to comply with its obligations to make the representations set forth in the last paragraph of Section 1 or failed to provide the information required to be provided by it, if any, pursuant to Section 4(n).
provided
however
Transfer-Restricted Securities
(b) The Issuer and the Guarantor shall notify the Trustee and the Paying Agent under the Indenture promptly upon the happening of each and every Additional Interest Trigger. The Issuer and the Guarantor shall pay the Additional Interest due on the Transfer-Restricted Securities by depositing with the Paying Agent, in trust, for the benefit of the Holders thereof, prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the next interest payment date specified by the Indenture and the applicable Securities, sums sufficient to pay the Additional Interest then due. The Additional Interest due shall be payable on each interest payment date specified by the Indenture and the applicable Securities to the record holder entitled to receive the interest payment to be made on such date. Each obligation to pay Additional Interest shall be deemed to accrue from and include the date of the applicable Additional Interest Trigger to but excluding the date on which it is cured.
(c) The parties hereto agree that the Additional Interest provided for in this Section 3 constitutes a reasonable estimate of and is intended to constitute the sole damages that will be suffered by Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities by reason of the failure of (i) the Shelf Registration Statement or the Exchange Offer Registration Statement to be filed or declared effective, (ii) the Shelf Registration Statement to remain effective or (iii) the Registered Exchange Offer to be consummated, in each case to the extent required by this Agreement. The existence of an Additional Interest Trigger shall not be deemed to be a breach of the provisions of this Agreement.
4. . In connection with any Registration Statement, the following provisions shall apply:
Registration Procedures
(a) The Issuer and the Guarantor shall (i) furnish to counsel for the Initial Purchasers, prior to the filing thereof with the Commission, a copy of the Registration Statement and each amendment thereof and each supplement, if any, to the prospectus included therein; (ii) include the information set forth in hereto on the cover, in hereto in the "Exchange Offer Procedures" section and the "Purpose of the Exchange Offer" section and in hereto in the "Plan of Distribution" section of the prospectus forming a part of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement, and include the information set forth in hereto in the Letter of Transmittal delivered pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer; and (iii) if requested by any Initial Purchaser, include the information required by Items 507 or 508 of Regulation S-K, as applicable, in the prospectus forming a part of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement.
Annex A
Annex B
Annex C
Annex D
 
(b) The Issuer and the Guarantor shall advise counsel for the Initial Purchasers, each Exchanging Dealer and the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities (in the case of a Shelf Registration Statement) and, if requested by any such person, confirm such advice in writing (which advice pursuant to clauses (ii)-(v) hereof shall be accompanied by an instruction to suspend the use of the prospectus until the requisite changes have been made):
(i) when any Registration Statement and any amendment thereto has been filed with the Commission and when such Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto has become effective;
(ii) of any request by the Commission for amendments or supplements to any Registration Statement or the prospectus included therein or for additional information;
(iii) of the issuance by the Commission of any stop order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement or the initiation of any proceedings for that purpose;
(iv) of the receipt, between the effective date of a Registration Statement and the closing of any sale of Transfer-Restricted Securities covered thereby, by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any notification with respect to the suspension of the qualification of any Transfer-Restricted Securities, the Exchange Securities or the Private Exchange Securities for sale in any jurisdiction or the initiation or threatening of any proceeding for such purpose; and
(v) of the happening of any event that requires the making of any changes in any Registration Statement or the prospectus included therein in order that the statements therein are not misleading and do not omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading.
(c) The Issuer and the Guarantor will make every reasonable best effort to obtain the withdrawal at the earliest possible time of any order suspending the effectiveness of any Registration Statement.
(d) The Issuer and the Guarantor will furnish to each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities included within the coverage of any Shelf Registration Statement, without charge, at least one conformed copy of such Shelf Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules and, if any such Holder so requests in writing, all exhibits thereto (including those, if any, incorporated by reference).
(e) The Issuer and the Guarantor will, during the Shelf Registration Period, promptly deliver to each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities included within the coverage of any Shelf Registration Statement, without charge, as many copies of the prospectus (including each preliminary prospectus) included in such Shelf Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto as such Holder may reasonably request; and the Issuer and the Guarantor consent, subject to the limitations set forth herein, to the use of such prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto by each of the selling Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities in connection with the offer and sale of the Transfer-Restricted Securities covered by such prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto.
 
(f) The Issuer and the Guarantor will furnish to each Initial Purchaser and each Exchanging Dealer, and to any other Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities who so requests, without charge, at least one conformed copy of the Exchange Offer Registration Statement and any post-effective amendment thereto, including financial statements and schedules and, if any Initial Purchaser or Exchanging Dealer or any such Holder so requests in writing, all exhibits thereto (including those, if any, incorporated by reference).
(g) The Issuer and the Guarantor will, during the Exchange Offer Registration Period or the Shelf Registration Period, as applicable, promptly deliver to each Initial Purchaser, each Exchanging Dealer and such other persons that have notified the Issuer that they are required to deliver a prospectus following the Registered Exchange Offer, without charge, as many copies of the final prospectus included in the Exchange Offer Registration Statement or the Shelf Registration Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto as such Initial Purchaser, Exchanging Dealer or other persons may reasonably request; and the Issuer and the Guarantor consent to the use of such prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto by any such Initial Purchaser, Exchanging Dealer or other persons, as applicable, as aforesaid.
(h) Prior to the effective date of any Registration Statement, the Issuer and the Guarantor will use their reasonable best efforts to register or qualify, or cooperate with the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities included therein and their respective counsel in connection with the registration or qualification of, such Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities for offer and sale under the securities or blue sky laws of such jurisdictions as any such Holder reasonably requests in writing and do any and all other acts or things necessary or advisable to enable the offer and sale in such jurisdictions of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities covered by such Registration Statement; that, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor will be required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it is not then so qualified or to take any action which would subject it to general service of process or to taxation in any such jurisdiction where it is not then so subject.
provided
(i) The Issuer and the Guarantor will cooperate with the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates representing Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities to be sold pursuant to any Registration Statement free of any restrictive legends and in such denominations and registered in such names as the Holders thereof may request in writing at least one business day prior to the closing of any sales of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities pursuant to such Registration Statement.
(j) If any event contemplated by Section 4(b)(ii) or (v) occurs during the period for which the Issuer and the Guarantor are required to maintain an effective Registration Statement, the Issuer and the Guarantor will, subject to Section 2(d), promptly prepare and file with the Commission a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a supplement to the related prospectus or file any other required document so that, as thereafter delivered to
 
purchasers of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities from a Holder, the prospectus will not include an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
(k) Not later than the effective date of the applicable Registration Statement, the Issuer and the Guarantor will provide a CUSIP number for the Transfer-Restricted Securities of each series, the Exchange Securities of each series and the Private Exchange Securities of each series (if any), as the case may be, and provide the applicable trustee with printed certificates for the Transfer-Restricted Securities of each series, the Exchange Securities of each series or the Private Exchange Securities of each series, as the case may be, in a form eligible for deposit with The Depository Trust Company.
(l) The Issuer and the Guarantor will comply with all applicable rules and regulations of the Commission and will make generally available to its security holders as soon as practicable after the effective date of the Shelf Registration Statement an earning statement satisfying the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Act; provided that in no event shall such earning statement be delivered later than 45 days after the end of a 12-month period (or 90 days, if such period is a fiscal year) beginning with the first month of the Issuer's first fiscal quarter commencing after the effective date of the applicable Registration Statement, which statement shall cover such 12-month period.
(m) The Issuer and the Guarantor will cause the Indenture to be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act as required by applicable law in a timely manner.
(n) The Issuer and the Guarantor may require each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities to be registered pursuant to any Shelf Registration Statement to furnish to the Issuer such information concerning the Holder and the distribution of such Transfer-Restricted Securities as the Issuer and the Guarantor may from time to time reasonably require for inclusion in such Shelf Registration Statement, and the Issuer and the Guarantor may exclude from such registration the Transfer-Restricted Securities of any Holder that fails to furnish such information within a reasonable time after receiving such request.
(o) In the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities to be registered pursuant thereto agrees by acquisition of such Transfer-Restricted Securities that, upon receipt of any notice from the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Section 2(d) or Sections 4(b)(ii) through (v), such Holder will discontinue disposition of such Transfer-Restricted Securities until such Holder's receipt of copies of the supplemental or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 4(j) or until advised in writing (the "") by the Issuer or the Guarantor that the use of the applicable prospectus may be resumed. If the Issuer or the Guarantor shall give any notice under Section 2(d) or Sections 4(b)(ii) through (v) during the period that the Issuer and the Guarantor are required to maintain an effective Registration Statement (the ""), such Effectiveness Period shall be extended by the number of days during such period from and including the date of the giving of such notice to and including the date when each seller of Transfer-Restricted Securities covered by such Registration Statement shall have received (x) the copies of the supplemental or amended prospectus contemplated by Section 4(j) (if an amended or supplemental prospectus is required) or (y) the Advice (if no amended or supplemental prospectus is required).
Advice
Effectiveness Period
 
(p) In the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall enter into such customary agreements (including, if requested, an underwriting agreement in customary form) and take all such other action, if any, as Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities and Private Exchange Securities being sold or the managing underwriters (if any) shall reasonably request in order to facilitate any disposition of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement.
(q) In the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall (i) make reasonably available for inspection by a representative of, and Special Counsel (as defined below) acting for, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities and Private Exchange Securities being sold and any underwriter participating in any disposition of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement, all relevant financial and other records, pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Issuer and the Issuer's subsidiaries to the same extent the Issuer and the Guarantor would customarily make such information available in the context of due diligence for an underwritten public offering and (ii) use its reasonable best efforts to have its officers, directors, employees, accountants and counsel supply all relevant information reasonably requested by such representative, Special Counsel or any such underwriter (an "") in connection with the preparation of such Shelf Registration Statement; provided that, such representative, Special Counsel or underwriter executes a customary confidentiality agreement.
Inspector
(r) In the case of a Shelf Registration Statement, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall, if requested by Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities and Private Exchange Securities being sold, their Special Counsel or the managing underwriters (if any) in connection with such Shelf Registration Statement, use its reasonable best efforts to cause (i) its counsel to deliver an opinion relating to the Shelf Registration Statement and the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities, as applicable, in customary form, (ii) its officers to execute and deliver all customary documents and certificates requested by Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities and Private Exchange Securities being sold, their Special Counsel or the managing underwriters (if any) and (iii) its independent public accountants to provide a comfort letter or letters in customary form, subject to receipt of appropriate documentation as contemplated, and only if permitted, by Statement of Auditing Standards No. 72.
5. . Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will, jointly and severally, bear all expenses incurred in connection with the performance of its obligations under Sections 1, 2, 3 and 4, and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor will, jointly and severally, reimburse the Initial Purchasers and the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities for the reasonable fees and disbursements of one firm of attorneys chosen by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, the Exchange Securities and the Private Exchange Securities, as the case may be, to be sold pursuant to each Registration Statement (the "") acting for the Initial Purchasers or Holders in connection therewith. Holders shall bear all of their other costs, including any underwriting discounts, brokerage commissions or transfer taxes.
Registration Expenses
Special Counsel
 
6. .
Indemnification
(a) In connection with a Shelf Registration Statement or in connection with any prospectus delivery pursuant to an Exchange Offer Registration Statement by an Initial Purchaser or Exchanging Dealer, as applicable, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, jointly and severally, will indemnify and hold harmless each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities (including, without limitation, any such Initial Purchaser or Exchanging Dealer), its affiliates, their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, and each person, if any, who controls such Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities within the meaning of the Act or the Exchange Act (collectively referred to for purposes of this Section 6 and Section 7 as a Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities) against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (""), joint or several, to which such Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities may become subject, insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof including, without limitation, any loss or claim relating to purchases and sales of Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement or any prospectus forming part thereof or in any amendment or supplement thereto, or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, and will reimburse each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities for any reasonable legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim as such expenses are incurred; , , that the Issuer and the Guarantor shall not be liable in any such case to the extent that any such Losses arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made in any Registration Statement or any prospectus forming part thereof or in any amendment or supplement thereto in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Issuer by any Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities or Initial Purchaser expressly for use therein.
Losses
provided
however
(b) In connection with a Shelf Registration Statement, each Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Initial Purchaser or Exchanging Dealer will indemnify and hold harmless the Issuer and the Guarantor, each of the Issuer's and Guarantor's respective officers and directors and any person controlling either of the Issuer or the Guarantor within the meaning of the Act or the Exchange Act against any Losses to which such persons may become subject insofar as such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon an untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in a Shelf Registration Statement or arise out of or are based upon the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, in each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue statement or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission was made in the Registration Statement or any prospectus forming part thereof or in any amendment or supplement thereto in reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished to the Issuer by such Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Initial Purchaser or Exchanging Dealer expressly for use therein;
 
and such Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Initial Purchaser or Exchanging Dealer will reimburse the Issuer and the Guarantor for any reasonable legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim as such expenses are incurred; , , that no such Holder shall be liable for any indemnity claims hereunder in excess of the amount of net proceeds received by such Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities from the sale of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities pursuant to such Shelf Registration Statement.
provided
however
(c) Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above of notice of the commencement of any action, such indemnified party shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be made against the indemnifying party under such subsection, notify the indemnifying party in writing of the commencement thereof; but the omission so to notify the indemnifying party shall not relieve it from any liability which it may have to any indemnified party otherwise than under such subsection. In case any such action shall be brought against any indemnified party and it shall notify the indemnifying party of the commencement thereof, the indemnifying party shall be entitled to participate therein and, to the extent that it shall wish, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly notified, to assume the defense thereof, with counsel satisfactory to such indemnified party (who shall not, except with the consent of the indemnified party, be counsel to the indemnifying party), and, after notice from the indemnifying party to such indemnified party of its election so to assume the defense thereof, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to such indemnified party under such subsection for any legal expenses of other counsel or any other expenses, in each case subsequently incurred by such indemnified party, in connection with the defense thereof other than reasonable costs of investigation. No indemnifying party shall, without the written consent of the indemnified party, effect the settlement or compromise of, or consent to the entry of any judgment with respect to, any pending or threatened action or claim in respect of which indemnification or contribution may be sought hereunder (whether or not the indemnified party is an actual or potential party to such action or claim) unless such settlement, compromise or judgment (i) includes an unconditional release of the indemnified party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such indemnified party from all liability arising out of such action or claim and (ii) does not include a statement as to or an admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any indemnified party.
(d) If the indemnification provided for in this Section 6 is unavailable to or insufficient to hold harmless an indemnified party under subsection (a) or (b) above in respect of any Losses (or actions in respect thereof) referred to therein, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a result of such Losses (or actions in respect thereof) in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits received by the Issuer and the Guarantor from the offering and sale of the Securities, on the one hand, and the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities, on the other hand, with respect to the sale by such Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities. If, however, the allocation provided by the immediately preceding sentence is not permitted by applicable law or if the indemnified party failed to give the notice required under subsection (c) above, then each indemnifying party shall contribute to such amount paid or payable by such indemnified party in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect not only such relative benefits but also the relative fault of the Issuer and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities, on the other hand, in connection with the
 
statements or omissions which resulted in such Losses (or actions in respect thereof), as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative benefits received by the Issuer and the Guarantor, on the one hand, and the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities, on the other hand, shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as the total net proceeds from the offering of the Securities (before deducting expenses) received by or on behalf of the Issuer and the Guarantor, on the one hand, bear to the total proceeds received by such Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities with respect to its sale of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities, on the other. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a material fact relates to information supplied by the Issuer or the Guarantor, on the one hand, or the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities, on the other hand, and the parties' relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission. The Issuer, the Gurantor and the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities agree that it would not be just and equitable if contributions pursuant to this subsection (d) were determined by pro rata allocation (even if the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities were treated as one entity for such purpose) or by any other method of allocation which does not take account of the equitable considerations referred to above in this subsection (d). The amount paid or payable by an indemnified party as a result of the Losses (or actions in respect thereof) referred to above in this subsection (d) shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations set forth above, any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this subsection (d), an indemnifying party that is a Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities shall not be required to contribute any amount in excess of the amount by which the total price at which the Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities sold by such indemnifying party to any purchaser exceeds the amount of any damages which such indemnifying party has otherwise paid or become liable to pay by reason of any untrue or alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such fraudulent misrepresentation.
(e) The obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantor under this Section 6 shall be in addition to any liability which the Issuer and the Guarantor may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each person, if any, who controls any Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities within the meaning of the Act; and the obligations of the Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities under this Section 6 shall be in addition to any liability which the respective Holders of Transfer-Restricted Securities may otherwise have and shall extend, upon the same terms and conditions, to each officer and director of the Issuer and the Guarantor and to each person, if any, who controls the Issuer or the Guarantor within the meaning of the Act.
7. . The Issuer and the Guarantor shall, upon the request of any Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities, make available such information as is required so long as necessary to permit sales of such Holder's securities pursuant to Rule 144A. Upon the written request of any Holder of Transfer-Restricted Securities, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall deliver to such Holder a written statement as to whether they have complied with such requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8 shall be deemed to require the Issuer or the Guarantor to register any of their securities pursuant to the Exchange Act, or file reports thereunder, except as may be required by law.
Rules 144 and 144A
 
8. . If any of the Transfer-Restricted Securities covered by any Shelf Registration Statement are to be sold in an underwritten offering, the investment banker or investment bankers and manager or managers that will administer the offering will be selected by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of such Transfer-Restricted Securities included in such offering, subject to the consent of the Issuer (which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and such Holders shall be responsible for all underwriting commissions and discounts in connection therewith.
Underwritten Registrations
No person may participate in any underwritten registration hereunder unless such person (i) agrees to sell such person's Transfer-Restricted Securities on the basis reasonably provided in any underwriting arrangements approved by the persons entitled hereunder to approve such arrangements and (ii) completes and executes all questionnaires, powers of attorney, indemnities, underwriting agreements and other documents reasonably required under the terms of such underwriting arrangements.
9. .
Miscellaneous
(a) Amendments and Waivers. In the case of the 2020 Notes, the provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, in any case as to the 2020 Notes, the Exchange Securities of such series or the Private Exchange Securities of such series, unless the Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained the written consent of Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes, the Exchange Securities of such series and the Private Exchange Securities of such series that constitute Transfer-Restricted Securities affected, taken as a single class. In the case of the 2040 Notes, the provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from the provisions hereof may not be given, in any case as to the 2040 Notes, the Exchange Securities of such series or the Private Exchange Securities of such series, unless the Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained the written consent of Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the 2040 Notes, the Exchange Securities of such series and the Private Exchange Securities of such series that constitute Transfer-Restricted Securities affected, taken as a single class. In addition, a waiver or consent to depart from the provisions hereof with respect to a matter that relates exclusively to the rights of Holders whose Transfer-Restricted Securities, Exchange Securities or Private Exchange Securities are being sold pursuant to a Registration Statement and that does not directly or indirectly affect the rights of other Holders may be given by Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Transfer-Restricted Securities, the Exchange Securities and the Private Exchange Securities being sold by such Holders pursuant to such Registration Statement.
(b) Notices. All notices and other communications provided for or permitted hereunder shall be made in writing by hand-delivery, registered first-class mail, telecopier, facsimile or air courier guaranteeing next-day delivery:
(1) if to a Holder, at the most current address given by such Holder to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9(b), which address initially is, with respect to each Holder, the address of such Holder maintained by the Registrar under the Indenture, with a copy in like manner to the Initial Purchasers;
 
(2) if to an Initial Purchaser, initially at, for Citigroup Global Markets Inc., 388 Greenwich St., New York, NY 10013 (facsimile no. 212-816-7912), Attention: General Counsel; for Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, One Bryant Park, NY1-100-18-03, New York, NY 10036 (facsimile no. 212-901-7881), Atttention: High Grade Transaction Management/Legal; and for Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, 1585 Broadway, New York, NY 10036 (facsimile no. 212-761-0538), Attention: Global Capital Markets Syndicate Desk; and
(3) if to the Issuer or the Guarantor, c/o SAIC, Inc., 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102 (facsimile no. 703-448-7732), Attention: Legal Department, with a copy to SAIC, Inc., 10210 Campus Point Drive, San Diego, California 92121 (facsimile no. 858-826-6884), Attention: Treasurer.
All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been duly given: when delivered by hand, if personally delivered; one business day after being delivered to a next-day air courier; five business days after being deposited in the mail; and when receipt is acknowledged by the recipient's telecopier or facsimile machine, if sent by telecopier or facsimile.
(c) Successors And Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective successors and assigns.
(d) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts (which may be delivered in original form or by telecopier) and by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
(e) Definition of Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the term "" means any day on which the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. is open for trading, (b) the term "" has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Act and (c) except where otherwise expressly provided, the term "" has the meaning set forth in Rule 405 under the Act.
business day
subsidiary
affiliate
(f) Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.
(g) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
(h) Remedies. In the event of a breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or by any Holder of any of their respective obligations under this Agreement, each Holder, the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages (other than the recovery of damages for a breach by the Issuer and the Guarantor of their obligations under Sections 1 or 2 hereof for which Additional Interest has been paid pursuant to Section 3 hereof), will be entitled, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to specific performance of its rights under this Agreement. The Issuer, the Guarantor and
 
each Holder agree that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of any of the provisions of this Agreement and hereby further agree that, in the event of any action for specific performance in respect of such breach, it shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, waive the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
(i) No Inconsistent Agreements. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor represents, warrants and agrees that (i) it has not entered into, and shall not, on or after the date of this Agreement, enter into any agreement that is inconsistent with the rights granted to the Holders in this Agreement or otherwise conflicts with the provisions hereof, (ii) it has not previously entered into any agreement which remains in effect granting any registration rights with respect to any of its debt securities to any person and (iii) without limiting the generality of the foregoing, without the written consent of the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding Transfer-Restricted Securities, it shall not grant to any person the right to request the Issuer or the Guarantor to register any debt securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Act unless the rights so granted are not in conflict with the provisions of this Agreement.
(j) Severability. The remedies provided herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their reasonable best efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.
 
Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth the agreement among the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Initial Purchasers.
 
 
ANNEX A
Each broker-dealer that receives Exchange Securities for its own account pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer must acknowledge that it will deliver a prospectus in connection with any resale of such Exchange Securities. The Letter of Transmittal states that by so acknowledging and by delivering a prospectus, a broker-dealer will not be deemed to admit that it is an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Act. This Prospectus, as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, may be used by a broker-dealer in connection with resales of Exchange Securities received in exchange for Securities where such Securities were acquired by such broker-dealer as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities. The Issuer and the Guarantor have agreed that, for a period of 90 days after the Expiration Date (as defined herein), they will make this Prospectus available to any broker-dealer for use in connection with any such resale. See "Plan of Distribution."
 
ANNEX B
Each broker-dealer that receives Exchange Securities for its own account in exchange for Securities, where such Securities were acquired by such broker-dealer as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities, must acknowledge that it will deliver a prospectus in connection with any resale of such Exchange Securities. See "Plan of Distribution."
 
ANNEX C
Each broker-dealer that receives Exchange Securities for its own account pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer must acknowledge that it will deliver a prospectus in connection with any resale of such Exchange Securities. This Prospectus, as it may be amended or supplemented from time to time, may be used by a broker-dealer in connection with resales of Exchange Securities received in exchange for Securities where such Securities were acquired as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities. The Issuer and the Guarantor have agreed that, for a period of 90 days after the Expiration Date, they will make this prospectus, as amended or supplemented, available to any broker-dealer for use in connection with any such resale. In addition, until , all dealers effecting transactions in the Exchange Securities may be required to deliver a prospectus.
                    
The Issuer and the Guarantor will not receive any proceeds from any sale of Exchange Securities by broker-dealers. Exchange Securities received by broker-dealers for their own account pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer may be sold from time to time in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market, in negotiated transactions, through the writing of options on the Exchange Securities or a combination of such methods of resale, at market prices prevailing at the time of resale, at prices related to such prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. Any such resale may be made directly to purchasers or to or through brokers or dealers who may receive compensation in the form of commissions or concessions from any such broker-dealer or the purchasers of any such Exchange Securities. Any broker-dealer that resells Exchange Securities that were received by it for its own account pursuant to the Registered Exchange Offer and any broker or dealer that participates in a distribution of such Exchange Securities may be deemed to be an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Act and any profit on any such resale of Exchange Securities and any commission or concessions received by any such persons may be deemed to be underwriting compensation under the Act. The Letter of Transmittal states that, by acknowledging that it will deliver and by delivering a prospectus, a broker-dealer will not be deemed to admit that it is an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Act.
For a period of 90 days after the Expiration Date the Issuer and the Guarantor will promptly send additional copies of this Prospectus and any amendment or supplement to this Prospectus to any broker-dealer that requests such documents in the Letter of Transmittal. The Issuer and the Guarantor have agreed to pay all expenses incident to the Registered Exchange Offer (including the expenses of one counsel for the Holders of the Securities) other than commissions or concessions of any broker-dealers and will indemnify the Holders of the Securities (including any broker-dealers) against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Act.
 
ANNEX D
CHECK HERE IF YOU ARE A BROKER-DEALER AND WISH TO RECEIVE 10 ADDITIONAL COPIES OF THE PROSPECTUS AND 10 COPIES OF ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO.
Name:
Address:
If the undersigned is not a broker-dealer, the undersigned represents that it is not engaged in, and does not intend to engage in, a distribution of Exchange Securities. If the undersigned is a broker-dealer that will receive Exchange Securities for its own account in exchange for Securities that were acquired as a result of market-making activities or other trading activities, it acknowledges that it will deliver a prospectus in connection with any resale of such Exchange Securities; however, by so acknowledging and by delivering a prospectus, the undersigned will not be deemed to admit that it is an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Act.
 

Exhibit 10.1
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF IS DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT AMONG SAIC, INC. (THE "ISSUER"), SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (THE "GUARANTOR") AND THE INITIAL PURCHASERS, DATED DECEMBER 20, 2010 (THE "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). THE ISSUER WILL PROVIDE A COPY OF THE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO A HOLDER WITHOUT CHARGE UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO IT AT ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.
THIS NOTE AND RELATED GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS NOTE, THE RELATED GUARANTEE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED NOTES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER'S, THE GUARANTOR'S AND THE TRUSTEE'S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM IN THE FORMS OF EXHIBITS TO THE INDENTURE. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.
 
SAIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of FOUR HUNDRED FORTY-NINE MILLION DOLLARS on December 1, 2020.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1 (each, an ""), commencing on June 1, 2011.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: May 15 and November 15 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officer.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: December 20, 2010
 
 
 
SAIC, Inc. (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from December 20, 2010. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing June 1, 2011. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the 4.450% Notes due 2020 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of December 20, 2010 (the "") by and between the Issuer, Science Applications International Corporation (the "") and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officer's Certificate dated December 20, 2010, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Guarantor
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
 
The Guarantor has irrevocably, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis, the full and punctual payment (whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on, and all other amounts payable under, the Notes and the full and punctual payment of all other amounts payable by the Issuer under the Indenture and any other obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture.
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
 
The Holder of this Note is entitled to the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Initial Purchasers named therein (the ""). The interest rate on this Note will increase by a rate of 0.25% per annum upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Registration Rights Agreement for the periods specified therein.
Registration Rights Agreement
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.
 
 
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest, including additional interest, if any, as provided under Section 6, thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 20 basis points,
plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a ""), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
Primary Treasury Dealer
 
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
In addition, beginning 90 days prior to December 1, 2020, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes being redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to the redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture. Notice of any such redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.
 
If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.
 
Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuer's option, prior to any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 8 hereof, the Issuer shall mail a notice (a "") to each Holder with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the ""). The notice will, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice.
Change of Control Offer
Change of Control Payment Date
On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:
 
 
 
The Trustee shall promptly mail, or cause the paying agent to promptly mail, to each Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any.
The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14(e)-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof.
 
Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with the form entitled "Repurchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control" on the reverse of the Note completed, to the paying agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the paying agent by book-entry transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of the paying agent, prior to the close of business on the third business day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.
The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.
In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.
If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption (subject to the right of Holders of record on an Interest Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date).
For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:
"" means the occurrence of any one of the following:
Change of Control
(a) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuer's assets and the assets of the Issuer's subsidiaries taken as a whole to any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;
(b) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of our outstanding Voting Stock, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; or
 
(c) the adoption of a plan relating to the Issuer's liquidation or dissolution.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b) immediately following that transaction, (1) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer's Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (2) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding company.
"" means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.
Change of Control Triggering Event
"" means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody's (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moody's); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.
Investment Grade
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation, and its successors.
Moody's
"" means each of Moody's and S&P; provided, that if either of Moody's or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating Agency that is a "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.
Rating Agency
"" means the Notes cease to be rated Investment Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any day during the period (the "") commencing on the date 60 days prior to the first public announcement by the Issuer of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies).
Ratings Event
Trigger Period
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.
S&P
"" of any specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person.
Voting Stock
 
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class), shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
 
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture, including the Guarantee, and this Note thereof.
 
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
                                
 
 
Date: Your Signature:
                                        
                                        
 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate occurring prior to the expiration of the period referred to in Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "") after the later of the date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such Notes were owned by the Issuer or any "Affiliate" of the Issuer within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act , the undersigned confirms that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with its terms:
Securities Act
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW
 
 
 
Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee will refuse to register any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate in the name of any person other than the registered holder thereof; , that if box (5), (6) or (7) is checked, the Trustee shall be entitled to require, prior to registering any such transfer of the Notes, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 under such Act.
provided, however
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The undersigned represents and warrants that the requested transfer is being made (A) to a Person who the undersigned reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a ""), (B) to a Person who is purchasing for its own account or the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirement of Rule 144A and (C) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other jurisdictions.
QIB
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
To: SAIC, Inc.
The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from SAIC, Inc. (the "") as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such repurchase shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be repurchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.
Issuer
            
Dated:                     
Signature
                                        
Principal amount to be repurchased (a multiple of $1,000):
                    
Remaining principal amount following such repurchase:
                    
(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)
 
 
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
UNTIL 40 DAYS AFTER THE CLOSING OF THE OFFERING, AN OFFER OR SALE OF SECURITIES WITHIN THE UNITED STATES BY A DEALER (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT) MAY VIOLATE THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT IF SUCH OFFER OR SALE IS MADE OTHERWISE THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A THEREUNDER.
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF IS DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT AMONG SAIC, INC. (THE "ISSUER"), SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (THE "GUARANTOR") AND THE INITIAL PURCHASERS, DATED DECEMBER 20, 2010 (THE "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). THE ISSUER WILL PROVIDE A COPY OF THE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO A HOLDER WITHOUT CHARGE UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO IT AT ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.
 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS NOTE, THE RELATED GUARANTEE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED NOTES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER'S, THE GUARANTOR'S AND THE TRUSTEE'S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM IN THE FORMS OF EXHIBITS TO THE INDENTURE. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW, BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY WILL NOT BE EXCHANGEABLE FOR INTERESTS IN THE PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY OR ANY OTHER SECURITY REPRESENTING AN INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY WHICH DO NOT CONTAIN A LEGEND CONTAINING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, UNTIL THE EXPIRATION OF THE "40-DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD" (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 903(b)(2) OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THEN ONLY UPON CERTIFICATION IN FORM REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE TRUSTEE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL INTERESTS ARE OWNED EITHER BY NON-U.S. PERSONS OR U.S. PERSONS WHO PURCHASED SUCH INTERESTS IN A TRANSACTION THAT DID NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. DURING SUCH 40-DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD, BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY MAY ONLY BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED THROUGH EUROCLEAR BANK S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM OR CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME AND ONLY (I) TO THE ISSUER OR A SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER, (II) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (III) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN A TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (IV) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS. HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY WILL NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE, IF THEN APPLICABLE.
 
 
SAIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of ONE MILLION DOLLARS on December 1, 2020.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1 (each, an ""), commencing on June 1, 2011.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: May 15 and November 15 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officer.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: December 20, 2010
 
 
 
SAIC, Inc. (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from December 20, 2010. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing June 1, 2011. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the 4.450% Notes due 2020 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of December 20, 2010 (the "") by and between the Issuer, Science Applications International Corporation (the "") and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officer's Certificate dated December 20, 2010, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Guarantor
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
 
The Guarantor has irrevocably, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis, the full and punctual payment (whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on, and all other amounts payable under, the Notes and the full and punctual payment of all other amounts payable by the Issuer under the Indenture and any other obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture.
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
 
The Holder of this Note is entitled to the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Initial Purchasers named therein (the ""). The interest rate on this Note will increase by a rate of 0.25% per annum upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Registration Rights Agreement for the periods specified therein.
Registration Rights Agreement
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.
 
 
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest, including additional interest, if any, as provided under Section 6, thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 20 basis points,
plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a ""), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
Primary Treasury Dealer
 
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
In addition, beginning 90 days prior to December 1, 2020, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes being redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to the redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture. Notice of any such redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.
 
If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.
 
Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuer's option, prior to any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 8 hereof, the Issuer shall mail a notice (a "") to each Holder with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the ""). The notice will, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice.
Change of Control Offer
Change of Control Payment Date
On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:
 
 
 
The Trustee shall promptly mail, or cause the paying agent to promptly mail, to each Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any.
The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14(e)-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof.
 
Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with the form entitled "Repurchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control" on the reverse of the Note completed, to the paying agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the paying agent by book-entry transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of the paying agent, prior to the close of business on the third business day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.
The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.
In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.
If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption (subject to the right of Holders of record on an Interest Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date).
For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:
"" means the occurrence of any one of the following:
Change of Control
(a) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuer's assets and the assets of the Issuer's subsidiaries taken as a whole to any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;
(b) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of our outstanding Voting Stock, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; or
 
(c) the adoption of a plan relating to the Issuer's liquidation or dissolution.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b) immediately following that transaction, (1) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer's Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (2) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding company.
"" means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.
Change of Control Triggering Event
"" means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody's (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moody's); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.
Investment Grade
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation, and its successors.
Moody's
"" means each of Moody's and S&P; provided, that if either of Moody's or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating Agency that is a "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.
Rating Agency
"" means the Notes cease to be rated Investment Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any day during the period (the "") commencing on the date 60 days prior to the first public announcement by the Issuer of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies).
Ratings Event
Trigger Period
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.
S&P
"" of any specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person.
Voting Stock
 
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class), shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
 
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture, including the Guarantee, and this Note thereof.
 
 
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                                  agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
Date: Your Signature:
                                        
                                    
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate occurring prior to the expiration of the period referred to in Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "") after the later of the date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such Notes were owned by the Issuer or any "Affiliate" of the Issuer within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act , the undersigned confirms that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with its terms:
Securities Act
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW
 
 
 
Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee will refuse to register any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate in the name of any person other than the registered holder thereof; , that if box (5), (6) or (7) is checked, the Trustee shall be entitled to require, prior to registering any such transfer of the Notes, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 under such Act.
provided, however
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The undersigned represents and warrants that the requested transfer is being made (A) to a Person who the undersigned reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a ""), (B) to a Person who is purchasing for its own account or the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirement of Rule 144A and (C) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other jurisdictions.
QIB
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
To: SAIC, Inc.
The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from SAIC, Inc. (the "") as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such repurchase shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be repurchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.
Issuer
            
Dated:
                    
Signature
                                        
Principal amount to be repurchased (a multiple of $1,000):
                    
Remaining principal amount following such repurchase:
                    
(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)
 
 

Exhibit 10.2
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF IS DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT AMONG SAIC, INC. (THE "ISSUER"), SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (THE "GUARANTOR") AND THE INITIAL PURCHASERS, DATED DECEMBER 20, 2010 (THE "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). THE ISSUER WILL PROVIDE A COPY OF THE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO A HOLDER WITHOUT CHARGE UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO IT AT ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.
THIS NOTE AND RELATED GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS NOTE, THE RELATED GUARANTEE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED NOTES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER'S, THE GUARANTOR'S AND THE TRUSTEE'S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM IN THE FORMS OF EXHIBITS TO THE INDENTURE. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.
 
SAIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of TWO HUNDRED NINETY-NINE MILLION SEVEN HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS on December 1, 2040.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1 (each, an ""), commencing on June 1, 2011.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: May 15 and November 15 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officer.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: December 20, 2010
 
 
1. Interest
SAIC, Inc. (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from December 20, 2010. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing June 1, 2011. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
2. Paying Agent.
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
3. Indenture; Defined Terms.
This Note is one of the 5.950% Notes due 2040 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of December 20, 2010 (the "") by and between the Issuer, Science Applications International Corporation (the "") and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officer's Certificate dated December 20, 2010, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Guarantor
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
4. Guarantee.
The Guarantor has irrevocably, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis, the full and punctual payment (whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on, and all other amounts payable under, the Notes and the full and punctual payment of all other amounts payable by the Issuer under the Indenture and any other obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture.
5. Denominations; Transfer; Exchange.
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
6. Registration Rights
The Holder of this Note is entitled to the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Initial Purchasers named therein (the ""). The interest rate on this Note will increase by a rate of 0.25% per annum upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Registration Rights Agreement for the periods specified therein.
Registration Rights Agreement
7. Amendment; Supplement; Waiver.
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.
 
8. Redemption.
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest, including additional interest, if any, as provided under Section 6, thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 25 basis points,
plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a ""), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
Primary Treasury Dealer
 
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
In addition, beginning 180 days prior to December 1, 2040, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes being redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to the redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture. Notice of any such redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.
9. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Triggering Event.
If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.
 
Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuer's option, prior to any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 8 hereof, the Issuer shall mail a notice (a "") to each Holder with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the ""). The notice will, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice.
Change of Control Offer
Change of Control Payment Date
On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:
 
 
 
The Trustee shall promptly mail, or cause the paying agent to promptly mail, to each Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any.
The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14(e)-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof.
 
Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with the form entitled "Repurchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control" on the reverse of the Note completed, to the paying agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the paying agent by book-entry transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of the paying agent, prior to the close of business on the third business day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.
The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.
In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.
If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption (subject to the right of Holders of record on an Interest Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date).
For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:
"" means the occurrence of any one of the following:
Change of Control
(a) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuer's assets and the assets of the Issuer's subsidiaries taken as a whole to any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;
(b) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of our outstanding Voting Stock, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; or
 
(c) the adoption of a plan relating to the Issuer's liquidation or dissolution.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b) immediately following that transaction, (1) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer's Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (2) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding company.
"" means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.
Change of Control Triggering Event
"" means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody's (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moody's); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.
Investment Grade
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation, and its successors.
Moody's
"" means each of Moody's and S&P; provided, that if either of Moody's or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating Agency that is a "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.
Rating Agency
"" means the Notes cease to be rated Investment Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any day during the period (the "") commencing on the date 60 days prior to the first public announcement by the Issuer of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies).
Ratings Event
Trigger Period
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.
S&P
"" of any specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person.
Voting Stock
 
10. Defaults and Remedies.
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class), shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
11. Authentication.
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
12. Abbreviations and Defined Terms.
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
13. CUSIP Numbers.
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
14. Governing Law.
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture, including the Guarantee, and this Note thereof.
 
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                                  agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
 
Date: Your Signature:
                                        
                                        
 
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate occurring prior to the expiration of the period referred to in Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "") after the later of the date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such Notes were owned by the Issuer or any "Affiliate" of the Issuer within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act , the undersigned confirms that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with its terms:
Securities Act
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW
 
 
Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee will refuse to register any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate in the name of any person other than the registered holder thereof; , that if box (5), (6) or (7) is checked, the Trustee shall be entitled to require, prior to registering any such transfer of the Notes, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 under such Act.
provided, however
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The undersigned represents and warrants that the requested transfer is being made (A) to a Person who the undersigned reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a ""), (B) to a Person who is purchasing for its own account or the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirement of Rule 144A and (C) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other jurisdictions.
QIB
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
To: SAIC, Inc.
The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from SAIC, Inc. (the "") as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such repurchase shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be repurchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.
Issuer
            
Dated:
                    
Signature
                    
Principal amount to be repurchased (a multiple of $1,000):
                    
Remaining principal amount following such repurchase:
                    
(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)
 
 
UNLESS THIS NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION ("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY NOTE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN.
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS IN WHOLE, BUT NOT IN PART, TO NOMINEES OF DTC OR TO A SUCCESSOR THEREOF OR SUCH SUCCESSOR'S NOMINEE AND TRANSFERS OF PORTIONS OF THIS GLOBAL NOTE ARE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TRANSFER PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE.
UNTIL 40 DAYS AFTER THE CLOSING OF THE OFFERING, AN OFFER OR SALE OF SECURITIES WITHIN THE UNITED STATES BY A DEALER (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT) MAY VIOLATE THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT IF SUCH OFFER OR SALE IS MADE OTHERWISE THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A THEREUNDER.
THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF IS DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THE PROVISIONS OF A REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT AMONG SAIC, INC. (THE "ISSUER"), SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION (THE "GUARANTOR") AND THE INITIAL PURCHASERS, DATED DECEMBER 20, 2010 (THE "REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT"). THE ISSUER WILL PROVIDE A COPY OF THE REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT TO A HOLDER WITHOUT CHARGE UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO IT AT ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.
 
THIS NOTE AND RELATED GUARANTEE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION. NEITHER THIS NOTE, THE RELATED GUARANTEE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR NOT SUBJECT TO, SUCH REGISTRATION. THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE HEREOF, AGREES ON ITS OWN BEHALF AND ON BEHALF OF ANY INVESTOR ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT HAS PURCHASED NOTES, TO OFFER, SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT THAT HAS BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, (D) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER'S, THE GUARANTOR'S AND THE TRUSTEE'S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT TO CLAUSES (D) OR (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, CERTIFICATION OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM IN THE FORMS OF EXHIBITS TO THE INDENTURE. THIS LEGEND WILL BE REMOVED UPON THE REQUEST OF THE HOLDER AFTER THE RESALE RESTRICTION TERMINATION DATE.
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH BELOW, BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY WILL NOT BE EXCHANGEABLE FOR INTERESTS IN THE PERMANENT REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY OR ANY OTHER SECURITY REPRESENTING AN INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY WHICH DO NOT CONTAIN A LEGEND CONTAINING RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER, UNTIL THE EXPIRATION OF THE "40-DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD" (WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 903(b)(2) OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND THEN ONLY UPON CERTIFICATION IN FORM REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE TRUSTEE THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL INTERESTS ARE OWNED EITHER BY NON-U.S. PERSONS OR U.S. PERSONS WHO PURCHASED SUCH INTERESTS IN A TRANSACTION THAT DID NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. DURING SUCH 40-DAY DISTRIBUTION COMPLIANCE PERIOD, BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY MAY ONLY BE SOLD, PLEDGED OR TRANSFERRED THROUGH EUROCLEAR BANK S.A./N.V., AS OPERATOR OF THE EUROCLEAR SYSTEM OR CLEARSTREAM BANKING, SOCIT ANONYME AND ONLY (I) TO THE ISSUER OR A SUBSIDIARY OF THE ISSUER, (II) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (III) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN A TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (IV) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (IV) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS. HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS TEMPORARY REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY WILL NOTIFY ANY PURCHASER OF THIS SECURITY OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE, IF THEN APPLICABLE.
 
 
SAIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), for value received promises to pay to CEDE & CO. or registered assigns the principal sum of TWO HUNDRED FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS on December 1, 2040.
Issuer
Interest Payment Dates: June 1 and December 1 (each, an ""), commencing on June 1, 2011.
Interest Payment Date
Interest Record Dates: May 15 and November 15 (each, an "").
Interest Record Date
Reference is made to the further provisions of this Note contained herein, which will for all purposes have the same effect as if set forth at this place.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Issuer has caused this Note to be signed manually or by facsimile by its duly authorized officer.
 
 
This is one of the Notes of the series designated herein and referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture.
Dated: December 20, 2010
 
 
 
SAIC, Inc. (the "") promises to pay interest on the principal amount of this Note at the rate per annum described above. Cash interest on the Notes will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been paid; or, if no interest has been paid, from December 20, 2010. Interest on this Note will be paid to but excluding the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer will pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, commencing June 1, 2011. Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months in a manner consistent with Rule 11620(b) of the NASD Uniform Practice Code.
Issuer
The Issuer shall pay interest on overdue principal from time to time on demand at the rate borne by the Notes and on overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace periods) to the extent lawful.
 
Initially, The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (the "") will act as paying agent. The Issuer may change any paying agent without notice to the Holders.
Trustee
 
This Note is one of the 5.950% Notes due 2040 (the "") issued under an indenture dated as of December 20, 2010 (the "") by and between the Issuer, Science Applications International Corporation (the "") and the Trustee, and established pursuant to an Officer's Certificate dated December 20, 2010, issued pursuant to Section 2.01 and Section 2.03 thereof (together, the ""). This Note is a "Security" and the Notes are "Securities" under the Indenture.
Notes
Base Indenture
Guarantor
Indenture
For purposes of this Note, unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms herein are used as defined in the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (15 U.S.C. Sections 77aaa-77bbbb) (the "") as in effect on the date on which the Indenture was qualified under the TIA. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders of Notes are referred to the Indenture and the TIA for a statement of them. To the extent the terms of the Indenture and this Note are inconsistent, the terms of the Indenture shall govern.
TIA
 
 
The Guarantor has irrevocably, fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis, the full and punctual payment (whether at maturity, upon redemption or otherwise) of the principal of and interest on, and all other amounts payable under, the Notes and the full and punctual payment of all other amounts payable by the Issuer under the Indenture and any other obligations of the Issuer under the Indenture, subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture.
 
The Notes are in registered form, without coupons, in denominations of $2,000 and multiples of $1,000 thereafter. A Holder shall register the transfer or exchange of Notes in accordance with the Indenture. The Issuer may require a Holder, among other things, to furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and to pay certain transfer taxes or similar governmental charges payable in connection therewith as permitted by the Indenture. The Issuer need not issue, authenticate, register the transfer of or exchange any Notes or portions thereof for a period of fifteen (15) days before the mailing of a notice of redemption, nor need the Issuer register the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in part.
 
The Holder of this Note is entitled to the benefits of the Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 20, 2010, between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Initial Purchasers named therein (the ""). The interest rate on this Note will increase by a rate of 0.25% per annum upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the Registration Rights Agreement for the periods specified therein.
Registration Rights Agreement
 
Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the provisions of the Indenture relating to the Notes may be amended or supplemented and any existing default or Event of Default or compliance with certain provisions may be waived with the written consent of the Holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series (including the Notes) under the Indenture that are affected by such amendment, supplement or waiver (voting together as a single class). Without notice to or consent of any Holder, the parties thereto may amend or supplement the Indenture and the Notes to, among other things, cure any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency or comply with any requirements of the Commission in connection with the qualification of the Indenture under the TIA, or make any other change that does not adversely affect the rights of any Holder of a Note in any material respect.
 
 
The Issuer may at its option redeem any of the Notes in whole or in part at any time, each at a redemption price calculated by the Issuer equal to the greater of:
(i) 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed; and
(ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest, including additional interest, if any, as provided under Section 6, thereon (not including any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption), discounted to the date of redemption on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the Treasury Rate (as defined below) plus 25 basis points,
plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to a redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture.
"" means the United States Treasury security selected by the Quotation Agent as having a maturity comparable to the remaining term of the Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes.
Comparable Treasury Issue
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, (i) the average of four Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations for such redemption date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if the Quotation Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations, the average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Treasury Dealer Quotation is received, such quotation.
Comparable Treasury Price
"" means the Reference Treasury Dealer appointed by the Issuer.
Quotation Agent
"" means (i) Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (or their respective affiliates that are Primary Treasury Dealers) and their respective successors; , that if any of the foregoing shall cease to be a primary U.S. Government securities dealer in New York City (a ""), the Issuer will substitute therefor another Primary Treasury Dealer, and (ii) any other Primary Treasury Dealer selected by the Issuer.
Reference Treasury Dealer
provided, however
Primary Treasury Dealer
 
"" means, with respect to each Reference Treasury Dealer and any redemption date, the average, as determined by the Quotation Agent, of the bid and asked prices for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Quotation Agent by such Reference Treasury Dealer at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the third business day preceding such redemption date.
Reference Treasury Dealer Quotations
"" means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per annum equal to the semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the Comparable Treasury Issue, assuming a price for the Comparable Treasury Issue (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Comparable Treasury Price for such redemption date.
Treasury Rate
Notice of any redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption. If less than all of the Notes are to be redeemed, the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by lot by the Depositary, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, or by the Trustee by a method the Trustee deems to be fair and appropriate, in the case of Notes that are not represented by a Global Note.
In addition, beginning 180 days prior to December 1, 2040, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of such Notes being redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, installments of interest on Notes that are due and payable on Interest Payment Dates falling on or prior to the redemption date will be payable on the Interest Payment Date to the registered Holders as of the close of business on the relevant Interest Record Date according to the Notes and the Indenture. Notice of any such redemption will be mailed at least 30 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each Holder of the Notes to be redeemed. Unless the Issuer defaults in payment of the redemption price, on and after the redemption date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes or portions thereof called for redemption.
 
If a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below) occurs, unless the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes as described above, the Issuer shall be required to make an offer to each Holder of Notes to purchase all or any part (equal to $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) of that Holder's Notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of purchase (subject to the right of Holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date); provided that after giving effect to the purchase, any Notes that remain outstanding shall have a denomination of $2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 above that amount.
 
Within 30 days following the date upon which the Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred or, at the Issuer's option, prior to any Change of Control (as defined below), but after the public announcement of the transaction that constitutes or may constitute the Change of Control, except to the extent that the Issuer shall have exercised its right to redeem the Notes pursuant to Section 8 hereof, the Issuer shall mail a notice (a "") to each Holder with a copy to the Trustee describing the transaction or transactions that constitute or may constitute a Change of Control Triggering Event and offering to purchase Notes on the date specified in the notice, which date will be no earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is mailed (other than as may be required by law) (such date, the ""). The notice will, if mailed prior to the date of consummation of the Change of Control, state that the Change of Control Offer is conditioned on the Change of Control being consummated on or prior to the Change of Control Payment Date specified in the notice.
Change of Control Offer
Change of Control Payment Date
On each Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuer shall, to the extent lawful:
 
 
 
The Trustee shall promptly mail, or cause the paying agent to promptly mail, to each Holder of Notes so tendered the payment for such Notes, and the Trustee shall promptly authenticate and mail (or cause to be transferred by book entry) to each holder a new Note equal in principal amount to any unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered, if any.
The Issuer shall comply, to the extent applicable, with the requirements of Rule 14(e)-1 of the Exchange Act and any other securities laws or regulations in connection with the purchase of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Triggering Event. To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the terms described in the Notes, the Issuer shall comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached its obligations by virtue thereof.
 
Holders of Notes electing to have Notes purchased pursuant to a Change of Control Offer will be required to surrender their Notes, with the form entitled "Repurchase Exercise Notice Upon a Change of Control" on the reverse of the Note completed, to the paying agent at the address specified in the notice, or transfer their Notes to the paying agent by book-entry transfer pursuant to the applicable procedures of the paying agent, prior to the close of business on the third business day prior to the Change of Control Payment Date.
The Issuer shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer if a third party makes such an offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in compliance with the requirements for an offer made by the Issuer and such third party purchases all Notes properly tendered and not withdrawn under its offer.
In addition, the Issuer shall not purchase any Notes if there has occurred and is continuing on the Change of Control Payment Date an Event of Default under the Indenture, other than a default in the payment of the change of control payment upon a Change of Control Triggering Event.
If Holders of not less than 95% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do not withdraw such Notes in a Change of Control Offer and the Issuer, or any third party making a Change of Control Offer in lieu of the Issuer, as described above, purchases all of the Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuer shall have the right, upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase pursuant to the Change of Control Offer described above, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase at a redemption price in cash equal to 101% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption (subject to the right of Holders of record on an Interest Record Date to receive interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date).
For purposes of the Change of Control Offer provisions of the Notes, the following definitions are applicable:
"" means the occurrence of any one of the following:
Change of Control
(a) the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation), in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the Issuer's assets and the assets of the Issuer's subsidiaries taken as a whole to any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) other than to the Issuer or one of its subsidiaries;
(b) the consummation of any transaction (including without limitation, any merger or consolidation) the result of which is that any "person" (as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of our outstanding Voting Stock, measured by voting power rather than number of shares; or
 
(c) the adoption of a plan relating to the Issuer's liquidation or dissolution.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be considered to be a Change of Control if (a) the Issuer becomes a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of a holding company and (b) immediately following that transaction, (1) the direct or indirect holders of the Voting Stock of the holding company are substantially the same as the holders of the Issuer's Voting Stock immediately prior to that transaction or (2) no person or group is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the holding company.
"" means the occurrence of both a Change of Control and a Ratings Event.
Change of Control Triggering Event
"" means a rating of Baa3 or better by Moody's (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of Moody's); a rating of BBB- or better by S&P (or its equivalent under any successor rating category of S&P); and the equivalent investment grade rating from any replacement Rating Agency or Agencies appointed by the Issuer.
Investment Grade
"" means Moody's Investors Service, Inc., a subsidiary of Moody's Corporation, and its successors.
Moody's
"" means each of Moody's and S&P; provided, that if either of Moody's or S&P ceases to rate the Notes or fails to make a rating of the Notes publicly available, the Issuer shall appoint a replacement for such Rating Agency that is a "nationally recognized statistical rating organization" within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi)(F) under the Exchange Act.
Rating Agency
"" means the Notes cease to be rated Investment Grade by each of the Rating Agencies on any day during the period (the "") commencing on the date 60 days prior to the first public announcement by the Issuer of any Change of Control (or pending Change of Control) and ending 60 days following consummation of such Change of Control (which Trigger Period will be extended for so long as the rating of the Notes is under publicly announced consideration for a possible downgrade by either of the Rating Agencies).
Ratings Event
Trigger Period
"" means Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and its successors.
S&P
"" of any specified person as of any date means the capital stock of such person that is at the time entitled to vote generally in the election of the board of directors of such person.
Voting Stock
 
 
If an Event of Default (other than certain bankruptcy Events of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer) under the Indenture occurs with respect to the Notes and is continuing, then the Trustee may and, at the direction of the Holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class), shall by written notice, require the Issuer to repay immediately the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any. If a bankruptcy Event of Default with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any material subsidiary of the Issuer occurs and is continuing, then the entire principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities (including the Notes) will automatically become due immediately and payable without any declaration or other act on the part of the Trustee or any Holder. Holders of Notes may not enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees except as provided in the Indenture. The Trustee is not obligated to enforce the Indenture, the Notes or related Guarantees unless it has received indemnity as it reasonably requires. The Indenture permits, subject to certain limitations therein provided, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all of the Outstanding Securities of all series affected (voting together as a single class) to direct the Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power. The Trustee may withhold from Holders of Notes notice of certain continuing defaults or Events of Default if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest.
 
This Note shall not be valid until the Trustee manually signs the certificate of authentication on this Note.
 
Customary abbreviations may be used in the name of a Holder of a Note or an assignee, such as: TEN COM (= tenants in common), TEN ENT (= tenants by the entireties), JT TEN (= joint tenants with right of survivorship and not as tenants in common), CUST (= Custodian), and U/G/M/A (= Uniform Gifts to Minors Act).
 
Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has caused CUSIP numbers to be printed on the Notes as a convenience to the Holders of the Notes. No representation is made as to the accuracy of such numbers as printed on the Notes and reliance may be placed only on the other identification numbers printed hereon.
 
 
The laws of the State of New York shall govern the Indenture, including the Guarantee, and this Note thereof.
 
 
To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
I or we assign and transfer this Note to
(Print or type assignee's name, address and zip code)
(Insert assignee's soc. sec. or tax I.D. No.)
and irrevocably appoint                                  agent to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute another to act for him.
 
 
Date: Your Signature:
                                        
                                        
 
 
Sign exactly as your name appears on the other side of this Note.
In connection with any transfer of any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate occurring prior to the expiration of the period referred to in Rule 144(d) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "") after the later of the date of original issuance of such Notes and the last date, if any, on which such Notes were owned by the Issuer or any "Affiliate" of the Issuer within the meaning of Rule 144 of the Securities Act , the undersigned confirms that such Notes are being transferred in accordance with its terms:
Securities Act
CHECK ONE BOX BELOW
 
 
 
Unless one of the boxes is checked, the Trustee will refuse to register any of the Notes evidenced by this certificate in the name of any person other than the registered holder thereof; , that if box (5), (6) or (7) is checked, the Trustee shall be entitled to require, prior to registering any such transfer of the Notes, such legal opinions, certifications and other information as the Issuer has reasonably requested to confirm that such transfer is being made pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, such as the exemption provided by Rule 144 under such Act.
provided, however
 
Signatures must be guaranteed by an "eligible guarantor institution" meeting the requirements of the Registrar, which requirements include membership or participation in the Security Transfer Agent Medallion Program ("") or such other "signature guarantee program" as may be determined by the Registrar in addition to, or in substitution for, STAMP, all in accordance with the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
STAMP
 
The undersigned represents and warrants that the requested transfer is being made (A) to a Person who the undersigned reasonably believes is a "qualified institutional buyer" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act (a ""), (B) to a Person who is purchasing for its own account or the account of a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirement of Rule 144A and (C) in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the states of the United States and other jurisdictions.
QIB
 
 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for Physical Notes or a part of another Global Note have been made:
 
 
To: SAIC, Inc.
The undersigned registered owner of this Security hereby acknowledges receipt of a notice from SAIC, Inc. (the "") as to the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event with respect to the Issuer and hereby directs the Issuer to pay, or cause the Trustee to pay, an amount in cash equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, or the portion thereof (which is a multiple of $1,000, provided that the remaining principal amount, if any, following such repurchase shall be at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) below designated, to be repurchased plus interest accrued to, but excluding, the repurchase date, except as provided in the Indenture.
Issuer
            
Dated:
                    
Signature
                                        
Principal amount to be repurchased (a multiple of $1,000):
                    
Remaining principal amount following such repurchase:
                    
(zero or at least $2,000 or a multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof)
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20110315155855.txt.gz
TIME:20110315155855
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 11, 2011, SAIC, Inc., as borrower, and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Science Applications International Corporation, as guarantor, entered into an Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement (the "Agreement") with a syndicate of lending institutions named in the Agreement, including Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-documentation agents. The Agreement amends and restates our prior Credit Agreement, dated June 6, 2006, as amended. We had no outstanding borrowings under our prior credity facility.
The Agreement provides us with a $750 million committed borrowing facility through March 11, 2015. We have the right to request increases in the lenders' commitments up to an additional $250 million and to request extensions of the commitment termination date. We also have the right to terminate all or part of the lenders' commitments in excess of any outstanding advances, but terminated commitments may not be reinstated.
Borrowings under the Agreement are unsecured and bear interest at a rate determined, at our option, based on either a base rate or a Eurocurrency rate, in each case with an applicable margin added to the underlying rate as follows:
 
 
The applicable margin will vary based on our long-term debt ratings. Based on our current debt ratings, the applicable margin is 0.2% for base rate advances and 1.2% for Eurocurrency advances.
We will pay a facility fee on the total commitment amount, irrespective of usage, that will vary depending upon our long-term debt ratings. Based on our current ratings, the facility fee per year is 0.175% of the total commitment.
The Agreement contains certain customary representations and warranties, as well as certain affirmative and negative covenants. The financial covenants require that, for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters beginning with the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2011, we maintain a ratio of consolidated funded debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of not more than 3.0 to 1.0 and a ratio of EBITDA to interest expense no less than 3.5 to 1.0. Other covenants restrict certain other of our activities, including among other things, our ability to create certain liens, dispose of substantially all of our assets and merge or consolidate with other entities.
The Agreement also contains certain customary events of default, including, among others, defaults based on certain bankruptcy and insolvency events, nonpayment, cross-defaults to other debt, breach of specified covenants, ERISA events, material monetary judgments, change of control events and the material inaccuracy of our representations and warranties.
To receive an extension of credit under the Agreement, we must be in compliance with the financial covenants described above, not be in default, and satisfy other customary conditions.
The foregoing description does not purport to be complete and is subject to and is qualified in its entirety by reference to all of the provisions of the Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
The information described above under "Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement" is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

EXHIBIT 10.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This FOUR YEAR CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 6, 2006, and amended and restated as of March 11, 2011, is entered into by and among SAIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the ""), SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the ""), each lender whose name is set forth on the signature pages of this Agreement and each lender which may hereafter become a party to this Agreement (collectively, the "" and individually, a "") and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Co-Documentation Agents.
Company
Guarantor
Lenders
Lender
PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:
The Guarantor, the lenders parties thereto and Citicorp USA, Inc., as agent, are parties to that certain Five Year Credit Agreement dated as of June 6, 2006 (as amended prior to the date hereof, the ""), as to which the Company guaranteed the obligations of the Guarantor. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01, the Company, the Guarantor, the Lenders party hereto and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, desire to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement as herein set forth and in connection with such amendment and restatement, to appoint Citibank, N.A. as successor administrative agent to Citicorp USA, Inc.
Existing Credit Agreement
In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows:
Section 1.01. .
Defined Terms
As used in this Agreement, the following terms will have the following meanings, unless the context otherwise requires:
"" means Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder or any successor administrative agent.
Administrative Agent
"" means the Administrative Agent's address and account as set forth on Schedule 11.02, or such other address or account for all or any type of Loans, as the Administrative Agent hereafter may designate by written notice to the Credit Parties and the Lenders.
Administrative Agent's Office
"" means the Administrative Agent (including any successor agent), together with their respective Affiliates, and the officers, directors, employees, agents and attorneys-in-fact of such Persons and Affiliates.
Administrative Agent-Related Persons
"" means, as to any Person, any other Person which, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person possesses, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. In no event shall any Lender be deemed an "Affiliate" of any Credit Party or of any Subsidiary of any Credit Party.
Affiliate
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.02(b).
Agent's Group
"" means the sum of the following, calculated as of the date of determination in accordance with GAAP:
Aggregate [Basket] Debt
(1) the aggregate amount of such Person's Indebtedness incurred after the Effective Date and secured by Liens not permitted under Section 7.01(a), and
(2) the aggregate amount of such Person's Attributable Liens in respect of sale and lease-back transactions entered into after the Effective Date pursuant to Section 7.02(b).
"" means this Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement, as amended, supplemented, modified, restated or extended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof.
Agreement
"" means, for any Pricing Period (a) with respect to any Dollar LIBOR Loan or any Foreign Currency Loan, the per annum amount set forth below opposite the Pricing Level in effect from time to time (it being understood that the Applicable Amount for any Dollar LIBOR Loan or Foreign Currency Loan may vary during an Interest Period if there is a change in Pricing Level at any time during such Interest Period due to a change in the Pricing Rating); (b) with respect to any Base Rate Loan, the per annum amount set forth below opposite the Pricing Level in effect from time to time; and (c) with respect to the Facility Fee, the per annum amount set forth below under "Facility Fee Rate" opposite the Pricing Level in effect from time to time; in each case in basis points per annum:
Applicable Amount
 
 
"" means, as of any date, the pricing level set forth below opposite the applicable Pricing Rating as in effect as of the first day of the Pricing Period in which such date occurs;
Pricing Level
 
, , that if there is no Pricing Rating, the Applicable Amount set forth opposite Pricing Level 5 shall apply.
provided
however
"" means the date of the public announcement of the change in such Pricing Rating.
Pricing Level Change Date
"" means (a) the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the first Pricing Level Change Date to occur thereafter and (b) each subsequent period commencing on each Pricing Level Change Date and ending the day prior to the next Pricing Level Change Date.
Pricing Period
"" means, as of any date of determination, the rating, if any, of the senior unsecured debt of the Company, as determined by either Standard & Poor's Services, a Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC business ("") or Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (""); , that if the senior unsecured debt of the Company is rated by both of such rating agencies, then the more creditworthy of such credit ratings shall apply unless there is a split rating of two grades or more, in which case the rating one grade above the lower rating shall apply.
Pricing Rating
S&P
Moody's
provided
"" means any and all present or future taxes (including documentary taxes), levies, assessments, imposts, duties, deductions, fees, withholdings or similar charges, and any penalties, interest or other liabilities with respect thereto, imposed by a Governmental Authority on or with respect to any payment made by any Credit Party under to any Loan Document, including any liabilities imposed on amounts paid by any Credit Party to indemnify or reimburse any Person for such amounts, excluding Lender Taxes.
Applicable Taxes
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.12.
Assuming Lender
 
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.12.
Assumption Agreement
"" means and includes all reasonable fees and disbursements of any law firm or other external counsel, the allocated cost of internal legal services and all disbursements of internal counsel.
Attorney Costs
"" means, in connection with a sale and lease-back transaction, the lesser of:
Attributable Liens
(1) the fair market value of the assets subject to such transaction (as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company); and
(2) the present value (discounted at a rate per annum equal to the average interest borne by all Outstanding Securities (as defined in the Indenture) of each series issued under the Indenture determined on a weighted average basis and compounded semi-annually) of the obligations of the lessee for rental payments during the term of the related lease.
"" means, with respect to any Lender, the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending, subject to Article VIII, on the day before the Maturity Date applicable to such Lender.
Availability Period
"" means the highest of: (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50%, (b) the rate of interest publicly announced from time to time by Citibank, N.A. as its base rate, which shall not necessarily be its lowest or best rate charged to any of its customers or (c) the Dollar LIBOR in effect for such day for a one month interest period commencing on such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day), calculated in the manner provided in the definition of "Dollar LIBOR" 1.00%.
Base Rate
plus
"" means a Dollar Loan made hereunder from any Lender's Domestic Lending Office that bears interest at the Base Rate.
Base Rate Loan
"" means, in respect of any Dollar Loan, the Company and, in respect of any Foreign Currency Loan, the Company or the Foreign Borrower borrowing such Foreign Currency Loan under this Agreement.
Borrower
"" has the meaning specified in Section 10.01.
Borrower Obligations
"" and "" each mean, a borrowing hereunder consisting of Loans of the same type made on the same day and, other than in the case of Base Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period.
Borrowing
Borrow
"" means lawful money of the United Kingdom.
British Pounds Sterling
"" means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to close,
Business Day
 
provided that when used in connection with any Borrowing, Continuation, Conversion to or from, prepayment, assignment, participation or determination of any interest rate, margin, fee, Interest Period or interest or principal payment date or similar determination in respect of any (a) Dollar LIBOR Loan or Foreign Currency Loan in British Pounds Sterling, "" shall exclude any such day on which commercial banks are not open for dealings in deposits in the London interbank market, (b) Foreign Currency Loan in Euros, "" shall also exclude any day on which the TARGET payment system is not open for the settlement of payment in Euro and (c) Foreign Currency Loan in any other Foreign Currency, "" shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in such Foreign Currency in the Principal Financial Center for such Foreign Currency.
Business Day
Business Day
Business Day
"" means any guideline, request or directive of any central bank or other Governmental Authority, or any other law ( that if such guideline, request or directive does not have the force of law, compliance therewith is customary for banks regulated in a manner similar to such Lender), rule or regulation, whether or not having the force of law, in each case, regarding capital adequacy of such Lender or of any corporation controlling such Lender.
Capital Adequacy Regulation
provided
"" has the meaning specified in the definition of Capital Lease Obligations.
Capital Lease
"" means all monetary obligations of any Person under any leasing or similar arrangement which, in accordance with GAAP, is classified as a capital lease ("").
Capital Lease Obligations
Capital Lease
"" has the meaning specified in the definition of Cash Collateralize.
Cash Collateral
"" means, in respect of an obligation, provide and pledge (as a first priority perfected security interest) cash collateral in Dollars (""), at a location and pursuant to documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Banks (and "" has a corresponding meaning).
Cash Collateralize
Cash Collateral
Cash Collateralization
"" has the meaning specified in the definition of "."
CERCLA
Environmental Laws
"" means any entity (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and is administered or managed by a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender.
CLO
"" means March 11, 2011.
Closing Date
"" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended or replaced and as in effect from time to time.
Code
 
"" means, for each Lender, the amount set forth as such opposite such Lender's name on Schedule 2.01 under Commitment, as such amount may be reduced pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or increased pursuant to Section 2.12 (collectively, the combined "").
Commitment
Commitments
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.12.
Commitment Increase
"" means SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors as contemplated by this Agreement.
Company
"" means the guaranty in the form attached as Exhibit K to be executed by the Company in connection with a Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement under Section 4.03(a).
Company Guaranty
"" means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B, properly completed and signed by a Responsible Officer.
Compliance Certificate
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(b).
Consenting Lender
"" means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, an amount equal to all Indebtedness of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period, that obligations of the type described in clause (e) of the definition of "Indebtedness" shall be excluded to the extent that such obligations do not exceed $50,000,000.
Consolidated Funded Debt
provided
"" means, as of any date of determination and with respect to any Person, the stockholders' equity as reflected on the most recent consolidated balance sheet available to the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Consolidated Net Worth
"" and "" each mean, with respect to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the continuation of such Loan as the same type of Loan in the same principal amount, but with a new Interest Period and an interest rate determined as of the first day of such new Interest Period. Continuations must occur on the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan.
Continuation
Continue
"" means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any agreement, undertaking, contract, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other instrument, document or agreement to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its Property is bound.
Contractual Obligations
"" and "" each mean, with respect to any Loan, the conversion of one type of Loan into another type of Loan. With respect to Loans other than Base Rate Loans, Conversions other than Conversion upon a Default or Event of Default must occur on the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan.
Conversion
Convert
 
"" means (i) with respect to any Loan, the Business Day set forth in the relevant Request for Extension of Credit as the date upon which the applicable Borrower desires to borrow such Loan, and (ii) with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Business day set forth in the relevant LC Request as the date upon which the Company desires the applicable Issuing Bank to issue such Letter of Credit.
Credit Date
means, collectively, the Company, the Guarantor and the Foreign Borrowers.
"Credit Parties"
"" means any event or circumstance which, with the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute an Event of Default.
Default
"" means an interest rate equal to the underlying interest rate applicable to such type of Loan plus the Applicable Amount, if any, otherwise applicable plus 2%, to the fullest extent permitted by any Requirement of Law.
Default Rate
"" means, subject to Section 2.14(b), any Lender that, as determined by the Administrative Agent, (a) has failed to perform any of its funding obligations hereunder, including in respect of its Loans or participations in respect of Letters of Credit, within three Business Days of the date required to be funded by it hereunder, unless such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender's determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding has not been satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing), (b) has notified the Company or the Administrative Agent that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to its funding obligations hereunder or under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, unless such writing or statement states that such position is based on such Lender's determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding cannot be satisfied (which conditions precedent, together with the applicable default, if any, will be specifically identified in such writing or public statement), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent in good faith, to confirm in a manner satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that it will comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or a custodian appointed for it, or (iii) taken any action in furtherance of, or indicated its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment; that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority.
Defaulting Lender
provided
 
"" means a Dollar-denominated letter of credit of an Issuing Bank issued pursuant to this Agreement or issued pursuant to any other arrangement and incorporated as a "Letter of Credit" under this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.11(b).
Dollar Letter of Credit
"" has the meaning specified in the definition of "."
Dollar LIBOR
IBOR
"" means a Loan made hereunder to the Company that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to Dollar LIBOR.
Dollar LIBOR Loan
"" means a revolving Loan made to the Company by any Lender in accordance with its Pro Rata Share under that Lender's Commitment pursuant to Section 2.01(a), and includes Dollar LIBOR Loans and Base Rate Loans. All Dollar Loans will be made in Dollars.
Dollar Loan
"" and the sign "" each mean lawful money of the United States of America.
Dollars
$
"" means, with respect to each Lender, its office, branch or affiliate specified as its domestic lending office by notice to the Administrative Agent.
Domestic Lending Office
"" means, for any period, for any Person, an amount equal to the Net Income of such Person and its consolidated subsidiaries for that period, plus (without duplication and to the extent incorporated in the calculation of Net Income) (a) Interest Expense of such Person and its consolidated subsidiaries for that period, plus (b) the aggregate amount of consolidated federal and state taxes on or measured by income of such Person and its consolidated subsidiaries for that period (whether or not payable during that period), plus (c) consolidated depreciation, amortization and all other non-cash items (including non-cash compensation and impairment charges) of such Person and its consolidated subsidiaries for that period, plus (d) costs, fees and expenses in connection with acquisitions, equity issuances and debt issuances that are otherwise not capitalized in an amount not to exceed $7,500,000 in the aggregate, minus (e) any gains attributable to the sale of assets outside the Ordinary Course of Business, plus (f) any losses attributable to the sale of assets outside the Ordinary Course of Business, plus (g) an amount of up to $42,500,000 paid as dividends in respect of vesting shares, and minus (h) any items of income or loss in respect of (1) equity in the income or loss of unconsolidated affiliates or (2) minority interests in the income or loss of consolidated subsidiaries, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP; it being understood that any items of loss or expense would be added to, and any items of gain or income would be deducted from Net Income for the purpose of determining EBITDA under this paragraph.
EBITDA
"" means the date on which all conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.
Effective Date
 
"" means (i) a financial institution organized under the laws of the United States, or any state thereof, and having total assets of at least $1,000,000,000; (ii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the ""), or a political subdivision of any such country, and having total assets of at least $1,000,000,000, that such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States; (iii) a Person that is primarily engaged in the business of commercial banking and that is (a) a Subsidiary of a Lender, (b) a Subsidiary of a Person of which a Lender is a Subsidiary, or (c) a Person of which a Lender is a Subsidiary; (iv) a CLO, or (v) another Lender. For the purposes of determining if a proposed assignee meets the foregoing requirements, each party hereto shall be entitled to rely on a certificate from such proposed assignee certifying that it meets such requirements unless such party has reason to believe that such certification is inaccurate.
Eligible Assignee
OECD
provided
"" means all claims, however asserted, by any Governmental Authority or other Person alleging liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law or for release or injury to the environment or threat to public health, personal injury (including sickness, disease or death), Property damage, natural resources damage, or otherwise alleging liability or responsibility for damages (punitive or otherwise), cleanup, removal, remedial or response costs, restitution, civil or criminal penalties, injunctive relief, or other type of relief, resulting from or based upon (a) the presence, placement, discharge, emission or release (including intentional and unintentional, negligent and non-negligent, sudden or non-sudden, accidental or non-accidental placement, spills, leaks, discharges, emissions or releases) of any Hazardous Material at, in, or from Property, whether or not owned by the Company or (b) any other circumstances forming the basis of any violation, or alleged violation, of any Environmental Law.
Environmental Claims
"" means all federal, state or local laws, statutes, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices, binding agreements, licenses, authorizations and permits issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, in each case relating to environmental, health, safety and land use matters (excluding matters relating to zoning and building permits); including, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (""), the Clean Air Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, the Solid Waste Disposal Act, the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, the California Hazardous Waste Control Law, the California Solid Waste Management, Resource, Recovery and Recycling Act, the California Water Code and the California Health and Safety Code.
Environmental Laws
CERCLA
"" means at any time of determination, with respect to any amount in any currency denominated in a Foreign Currency, the net amount of Dollars into which such amount of Foreign Currency would be converted at such time at
Equivalent Amount
 
applicable exchange rates, as determined by the Administrative Agent, which determination will be final in the absence of manifest error.
"" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder.
ERISA
"" means any Person that for purposes of Title IV of ERISA is a member of the controlled group of a Credit Party or under common control with a Credit Party within the meaning of Section 414 of the Code.
ERISA Affiliate
"" means (a) (i) the occurrence of a reportable event, within the meaning of Section 4043 of ERISA, with respect to any Plan unless the 30-day notice requirement with respect to such event has been waived by the PBGC, or (ii) the requirements of subsection (1) of Section 4043(b) of ERISA (without regard to subsection (2) of such Section) are met with respect to a contributing sponsor, as defined in Section 4001(a)(13) of ERISA, of a Plan, and an event described in paragraph (9), (10), (11), (12) or (13) of Section 4043(c) of ERISA is reasonably expected to occur with respect to such Plan within the following 30 days; (b) the application for a minimum funding waiver with respect to a Plan; (c) the provision by the administrator of any Plan of a notice of intent to terminate such Plan pursuant to Section 4041(a)(2) of ERISA (including any such notice with respect to a plan amendment referred to in Section 4041(e) of ERISA); (d) the cessation of operations at a facility of a Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (e) the withdrawal by a Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiple Employer Plan during a plan year for which it was a substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (f) the conditions for the imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to any Plan; (g) a determination that any Plan is in "at risk" status (within the meaning of Section 303 of ERISA); or (h) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Plan pursuant to Section 4042 of ERISA, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Plan.
ERISA Event
"" means the lawful currency of the European Union as constituted by the Treaty of Rome which established the European Community, as such treaty may be amended from time to time and as referred to in the EMU legislation.
Euro
"" means, with respect to each Lender, its office, branch or affiliate specified as its Eurocurrency lending office by notice to the Administrative Agent.
Eurocurrency Lending Office
"" means, with respect to a Loan, that such Loan shall bear interest by reference to Dollar LIBOR or London IBOR plus the Applicable Amount, and that such Loan shall be made from the relevant Eurocurrency Lending Office of the Lender making such Loan.
Euromarket Funded
 
"" has the meaning provided in Section 8.01.
Event of Default
"" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Exchange Act
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(b).
Extension Date
"" means the Borrowing of any Loans or the Issuance of any Letter of Credit (collectively, the "").
Extension of Credit
Extensions of Credit
"" means the fee payable by the Company to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.07(a).
Facility Fee
"" means Sections 1471 though 1474 of the Code or any amended or successor version that is substantially comparable and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof.
FATCA
"" means the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day of determination (or if such day of determination is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transaction received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it.
Federal Funds Rate
"" means the U.S. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or any successor thereto.
Federal Reserve Board
"" means, as applicable, the fiscal quarter of the Company and its Subsidiaries as reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.
Fiscal Quarter
"" means, as applicable, the fiscal year of the Company and its Subsidiaries as reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Company.
Fiscal Year
"" means any Person that becomes a Foreign Borrower hereunder in accordance with Section 2.01(d), but only to the extent Foreign Borrower Obligations of such Person are outstanding.
Foreign Borrower
"" means an agreement in the form attached as Exhibit J to be executed by a Foreign Borrower under Section 4.03(a).
Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement
"" means all Obligations of Foreign Borrowers.
Foreign Borrower Obligations
"" means British Pounds Sterling and Euro or such other currency as agreed to by the Administrative Agent and all Lenders. Each currency must
Foreign Currency
 
be one (a) that is readily available to the Lenders and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and (b) in which deposits are generally available to the Lenders in the London interbank market unless, in the case of a Loan made in a Foreign Currency, such Loan is Locally Funded.
"" means a letter of credit of an Issuing Bank denominated in a Foreign Currency and issued pursuant to this Agreement or issued pursuant to any other arrangement and incorporated as a "Letter of Credit" under this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.11(b).
Foreign Currency Letter of Credit
"" means, at any time, the lesser of (a) $300,000,000 and (b) 100% of the combined Commitments in effect at such time.
Foreign Currency Limit
"" means a revolving Loan made hereunder to the Company or a Foreign Borrower in a Foreign Currency and bearing interest at IBOR for such Foreign Currency.
Foreign Currency Loan
"" means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate outstanding LC Exposure other than LC Exposure as to which such Defaulting Lender's participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof.
Fronting Exposure
"" means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America set forth from time to time in the opinions and pronouncements of the U.S. Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board (or agencies with similar functions of comparable stature and authority within the accounting profession), or in such other statements by such other entity as may be in general use by significant segments of the U.S. accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination.
GAAP
"" means (a) any international, foreign, federal, state, county or municipal government, or political subdivision thereof, (b) any governmental agency, central bank or comparable authority, authority, board, bureau, commission, department or instrumentality, or (c) any court or administrative tribunal.
Governmental Authority
"" means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders.
Guarantied Parties
means Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its successors as contemplated by this Agreement.
"Guarantor"
"" means the guaranty of the Guarantor set forth in Article X.
Guaranty
"" means all those substances which are regulated by, or which may form the basis of liability under, any Environmental Law, including all
Hazardous Materials
 
substances identified under any Environmental Law as a pollutant, contaminant, hazardous waste, hazardous constituent, special waste, hazardous substance, hazardous material, or toxic substance, or petroleum or petroleum derived substance or waste.
"" means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Company or its Subsidiaries shall be a Hedging Agreement; that no contingent purchase price, earn-out, royalty or similar payment obligation relating to any acquisition or divestiture of a Person by the Company or its Subsidiaries or contract for intellectual property or other goods and services supplied or received by the Company or its Subsidiaries shall be a Hedging Agreement.
Hedging Agreement
provided
provided further
"" shall mean, with respect to any Interest Period for a Dollar LIBOR Loan or Foreign Currency Loan, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent as follows:
IBOR
(a) in the case of a Dollar LIBOR Loan, the rate ("") appearing on Reuters Page LIBOR01 (or on any successor or substitute page of Reuters, or any successor to or substitute for Reuters, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of Reuters, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to deposits in the London interbank market) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as the rate for Dollar deposits with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate is not available at such time for any reason, then "" and "" with respect to such Dollar LIBOR Loan for such Interest Period shall be the rate (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100 of 1%) at which Dollar deposits of $5,000,000 and for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; or
Dollar LIBOR
IBOR
Dollar LIBOR
(b) in the case of a Euromarket Funded Foreign Currency Loan (other than Loans in British Pounds Sterling), the rate ("") appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 (or on any successor or substitute page of Reuters, or any successor to or substitute for Reuters, providing rate quotations comparable to those currently provided on such page of Reuters, as determined by the Administrative Agent from time to time for purposes of providing quotations of interest rates applicable to deposits in the London interbank market) at approximately 11:00 A.M., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, as the rate for deposits in such
London IBOR
 
Foreign Currency with a maturity comparable to such Interest Period. In the event that such rate is not available at such time for any reason, "" and "" with respect to such Euromarket Funded Foreign Currency Loan for such Interest Period shall be the rate at which deposits in such Foreign Currency in an amount substantially equal to the principal amount of such Foreign Currency Loan and for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are offered by the principal London office of the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds in the London interbank market at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; or
IBOR
London IBOR
(c) in the case of a Euromarket Funded Foreign Currency Loan in British Pounds Sterling or a Locally Funded Foreign Currency Loan, the rate ("") at which deposits in such Foreign Currency in an amount substantially equal to the principal amount of such Foreign Currency Loan and for a maturity comparable to such Interest Period are offered by the principal office of the Administrative Agent in the interbank deposit market in the Principal Financial Center of such Foreign Currency in immediately available funds at approximately 11:00 a.m., local time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period.
Local Market IBOR
"" means Dollar LIBOR Loans and Foreign Currency Loans.
IBOR Loans
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.12.
Increasing Lender
"" of any specified Person means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness in respect of borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit or other similar instruments (including reimbursement agreements with respect thereto), (d) the Indebtedness of any other Persons to the extent guaranteed by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase price of any Property (including Capital Lease Obligations), but excluding trade accounts payable or accrued liabilities arising in the Ordinary Course of Business, (f) all obligations under Permitted Accounts Receivable Financings, (g) all obligations attributable to Synthetic Leases related to tangible Property, (h) all indebtedness referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in Property (including accounts and contracts rights) owned by such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such Indebtedness; but only, for each of clause (a) through (h), if and to the extent any of the foregoing indebtedness would appear as a liability upon an unconsolidated balance sheet of such Person prepared in accordance with GAAP (but does not include contingent liabilities which appear only in a footnote to a balance sheet). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the term "Indebtedness" be deemed to include letters of credit that secure performance, bonds that secure performance, surety bonds or similar instruments that are issued in the Ordinary Course of Business.
Indebtedness
 
"" means the Indenture dated as of December 20, 2010 between the Company, as issuer, the Guarantor, as guarantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee.
Indenture
"" means the Confidential Information Memorandum dated February 17, 2011 relating to the Company and the Transactions.
Information Memorandum
"" means (a) any case, action or proceeding before any court or other Governmental Authority relating to bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, receivership, dissolution, winding-up or relief of debtors, or (b) any general assignment for the benefit of creditors, composition, marshalling of assets for creditors or other, similar arrangement in respect of its creditors generally or any substantial portion of its creditors; in the case of clause (a) and (b) undertaken under U.S. Federal, State or foreign law, including the Bankruptcy Code.
Insolvency Proceeding
"" means, for the four consecutive financial quarters immediately preceding the determination, the ratio of (i) EBITDA to (ii) Interest Expense.
Interest Coverage Ratio
"" means, for any period, for any Person, the sum, without duplication, of total consolidated interest expense (including that portion attributable to Capitalized Leases in conformity with GAAP) of such Person and its consolidated subsidiaries.
Interest Expense
"" means (a) with respect to any IBOR Loan, (i) the last day of each Interest Period applicable to, or the maturity of, such Loan; , , that if any Interest Period for a IBOR Loan exceeds three months, interest shall also be paid on the date which falls, as applicable, three, six, or nine months after the beginning of such Interest Period; (ii) any date that such Loan is prepaid in whole or in part, and (iii) the Maturity Date applicable to the Lender of such Loan, and (b) with respect to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each calendar quarter and the Maturity Date applicable to the Lender of such Loan.
Interest Payment Date
provided
however
"" means, as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date specified by the applicable Credit Party in its Request for Extension of Credit and ending one, two, three or six months (or, in the case of a Dollar LIBOR Loan, if consented to by all Lenders, nine or 12 months) thereafter, that:
Interest Period
provided
(a) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a Business Day, that Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month, in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day;
(b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the
 
calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and
(c) no Interest Period for any Loan shall extend beyond any Maturity Date if, after giving effect thereto, the amount of such Loan would exceed the Commitments of Lenders for which a later Maturity Date applies.
"" means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity or any other Lender as provided in Section 2.11(l). An Issuing Bank may arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliates, other Lenders or their Affiliates, with the prior approval of the Administrative Agent, such Lenders or Affiliates and the Company, in which case the term "" shall include any such Lender or Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it.
Issuing Bank
Issuing Bank
"" has the meaning specified in Section 4.03(a).
Joinder Effective Date
"" means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit.
LC Disbursement
"" means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Dollar Letters of Credit at such time, (b) the Equivalent Amount of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time, (c) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements with respect to Dollar Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time, and (d) the aggregate Equivalent Amount of all LC Disbursement with respect to Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Pro Rata Share of the total LC Exposure at such time.
LC Exposure
"" means the amount, if any, by which the LC Exposure exceeds $250,000,000.
LC Overage
"" means a request by the Company for a Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.11(b) in the form attached as Exhibit E hereto.
LC Request
"" means 12:00 noon, New York City time, on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Company shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Company prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon, New York City time, on (i) the Business Day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt.
LC Requisite Time
 
"" means each lender from time to time party hereto.
Lender
"" has the meaning specified in Section 9.07.
Lender Appointment Period
"" means, in the case of each Lender, the Administrative Agent, each Eligible Assignee, and any Affiliate or Lending Office thereof: (a) taxes imposed on or measured in whole or in part by its overall net income, gross income or gross receipts or capital or franchise taxes imposed on it, by (i) any jurisdiction (or political subdivision thereof) in which it is organized or maintains its principal office or Lending Office or (ii) any jurisdiction (or political subdivision thereof) in which it is "doing business" (unless it would not be doing business in such jurisdiction (or political subdivision thereof) absent the Transactions), (b) any withholding taxes or other taxes based on gross income imposed by the United States of America on, or with respect to, a Lender (other than withholding taxes and taxes based on gross income resulting from or attributable to any change in any law, rule or regulation or any change in the interpretation or administration of any law, rule or regulation by any Governmental Authority in each case after the date on which such Lender becomes a party hereto or designates a new Lending Office (whichever is later)), except to the extent that such Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from any Borrower with respect to such taxes pursuant to Section 3.01 hereof, (c) any withholding taxes or other taxes based on gross income imposed by the United States of America that are attributable to a failure to provide the Company with the appropriate form or forms required by Section 11.20(a) or (c), to the extent such forms are then required by any Requirement of Law or (d) any taxes resulting from FATCA.
Lender Taxes
"" means, as to any Lender, either its Domestic Lending Office, Eurocurrency Lending Office or its Local Currency Lending Office, as the context may require.
Lending Office
"" means a Dollar Letter of Credit or a Foreign Currency Letter of Credit.
Letter of Credit
"" means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, lien (statutory or other) or other security interest or encumbrance (including those created by, arising under or evidenced by any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a Capital Lease Obligation or the filing of any financing statement naming the owner of the asset to which such lien relates as debtor, under the UCC or any comparable law), but not including the interest of a lessor under an Operating Lease.
Lien
"" means any advance made or to be made by any Lender to the Company as provided in Article II, and includes Dollar Loans and Foreign Currency Loans.
Loan
"" means, collectively, this Agreement, any Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreements, the Company Guaranty, the Notes, any Letters of Credit, any
Loan Documents
 
Request for Extension of Credit, any Compliance Certificate and any other agreements of any type or nature hereafter executed and delivered by the Guarantor, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to the Administrative Agent or to any Lender in any way relating to or in furtherance of this Agreement and designated as a "Loan Document" hereunder, in each case either as originally executed or as the same may from time to time be supplemented, modified, amended, restated, extended or supplanted.
"" means, with respect to each Lender and each Foreign Currency, the office, branch or affiliate of such Lender located in the country of the Principal Financial Center for such Foreign Currency as it may hereafter designate as its Local Currency Lending Office for such Foreign Currency by notice to the Administrative Agent.
Local Currency Lending Office
"" has the meaning specified in the definition of "."
Local Market IBOR
IBOR
" means, with respect to a Foreign Currency Loan, that such Loan shall bear interest by reference to Local Market IBOR (as defined in the definition of "IBOR") for the relevant Foreign Currency plus the Applicable Amount, and that such Loan shall be made from the relevant Local Currency Lending Office of the Lender making such Loan.
Locally Funded"
"" has the meaning specified in the definition of "."
London IBOR
IBOR
"" means "margin stock" as such term is defined in Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve Board.
Margin Stock
"" means a material adverse effect on (a) the business, assets, operations and condition, financial or otherwise, of the Company and the Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of any Credit Party to perform its payment obligations under this Agreement or (c) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Loan Document.
Material Adverse Effect
"" means March 11, 2015 or, as to any Lender for which the Maturity Date is extended pursuant to Section 2.13, the date to which the Maturity Date is so extended.
Maturity Date
"" means, with respect to each action described below, the following amount set forth opposite such action (or, in respect of an action relating to a Foreign Currency Loan, an amount of the applicable Foreign Currency (rounded up to the nearest 1,000 British Pounds Sterling or 1,000 Euros, as the case may be) the Equivalent Amount of which is equal to the Dollar amount set forth below):
Minimum Amount
 
"" means a multiemployer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which a Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.
Multiemployer Plan
"" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of a Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate and at least one Person other than a Credit Party and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which a Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4064 or 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
Multiple Employer Plan
"" means, with respect to any fiscal period, for any Person the consolidated net income of such Person and its consolidated subsidiaries, determined in accordance with GAAP.
Net Income
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.13(b).
Non-Consenting Lender
"" means the promissory note made by any Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing such Lender's Loans, in the case of Dollar Loans, substantially in the form of Exhibit C and, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, in such form as the Administrative Agent may require in light of commercial banking practices in the jurisdiction of the applicable Foreign Borrower or in the jurisdiction of such Foreign Currency, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans made to the Company, if any, either as originally executed or as the same may from time to time be supplemented, modified, amended, renewed, extended or supplanted (collectively, the "").
Note
Notes
 
"" means a Notice of Assignment and Acceptance substantially in the form of Exhibit G.
Notice of Assignment and Acceptance
"" means a request by the Company for the withdrawal of a Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.11(m) substantially in the form of Exhibit F.
Notice of Letter of Credit Withdrawal
"" means a Notice of Participation substantially in the form of Exhibit I.
Notice of Participation
"" means all obligations of every kind or nature of each Credit Party from time to time owed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any Person entitled to indemnification, or any one or more of them, under any one or more of the Loan Documents, whether for principal, interest, fees, expenses, indemnification or otherwise, and whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, now existing or hereafter arising, pursuant to the terms of any of the Loan Documents, and including interest that accrues after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding.
Obligations
"" means, as applied to any Person, any lease of Property which is not a Capital Lease other than any such lease under which that Person is the lessor.
Operating Lease
"" means, in respect of any transaction involving any Person, the ordinary course of such Person's business.
Ordinary Course of Business
"" means, for any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation, the bylaws, any certificate of determination or instrument relating to the rights of preferred shareholders of such corporation, and all applicable resolutions of the board of directors (or any committee thereof) of such corporation relating to the foregoing or the organization of such corporation.
Organization Documents
"" has the meaning specified in Section 11.05(f).
Participant Register
"" means the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)).
Patriot Act
"" means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.
PBGC
"" means a sale or discount of accounts receivable of any Person that does not involve the creation of a Lien or negative pledge on any accounts receivable not so sold or discounted.
Permitted Accounts Receivable Financing
 
"" means:
Permitted Liens
(1) Liens on any of the assets of the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries, created solely to secure obligations incurred to finance the refurbishment, improvement or construction of such asset, which obligations are incurred no later than 24 months after completion of such refurbishment, improvement or construction, and all renewals, extensions, refinancings, replacements or refundings of such obligations;
(2) (a) Liens given to secure the payment of the purchase price incurred in connection with the acquisition (including acquisition through merger or consolidation) of Property (including shares of stock), including Capital Lease transactions in connection with any such acquisition, and (b) Liens existing on Property at the time of acquisition thereof or at the time of acquisition by the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries of any Person then owning such Property whether or not such existing Liens were given to secure the payment of the purchase price of the Property to which they attach; that, with respect to clause (a), the Liens shall be given within 24 months after such acquisition and shall attach solely to the Property acquired or purchased and any improvements then or thereafter placed thereon;
provided
(3) Liens securing reimbursement obligations with respect to letters of credit that encumber documents and other Property relating to such letters of credit and the products and proceeds thereof;
(4) Liens encumbering customary initial deposits and margin deposits and other Liens in the Ordinary Course of Business, in each case securing obligations under Hedging Agreements and forward contracts, options, futures contracts, futures options, equity hedges or similar agreements or arrangements designed to protect from fluctuations in interest rates, currencies, equities or the price of commodities;
(5) Liens in favor of the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries;
(6) Liens consisting of pledges or deposits of Property to secure performance in connection with operating leases made in the Ordinary Course of Business to which the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries is a party as lessee, the aggregate value of all such pledges and deposits in connection with any such lease does not at any time exceed 16
provided
 2
/
3
% of the annual fixed rentals payable under such lease;
(7) Liens securing the performance of statutory obligations or bids, surety, appeal or customs bonds, standby letters of credit, performance or return-of-money bonds or other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of the business of the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries;
 
(8) Liens securing Indebtedness owing by the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries to one or more of its Subsidiaries ( that, upon either (a) the transfer or other disposition of any Indebtedness secured by such Lien to a Person other than another Subsidiary or (b) the issuance, sale, lease, transfer or other disposition of more than a majority of the capital stock of or any other ownership interest in such Subsidiary to which such secured Indebtedness is owed to a Person other than the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries, such Lien will no longer qualify as a "Permitted Lien" pursuant to this clause (8));
provided
(9) Liens arising in the Ordinary Course of Business in favor of a customer;
(10) Liens associated with a sale or discount of the accounts receivable of the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries, that such Lien (a) does not involve the creation of a Lien or negative pledge on any accounts receivable not so sold or discounted and (b) does not involve in the aggregate the sale or discount of accounts receivable having a book value exceeding $100,000,000;
provided
(11) Liens arising in connection with synthetic leases which do not exceed $300,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time; and
(12) Liens securing industrial revenue bonds, pollution control bonds or other similar tax exempt bonds.
"" means any individual or entity, including a trustee, corporation, limited liability company, general partnership, limited partnership, joint stock company, trust, estate, unincorporated organization, business association, firm, joint venture, Governmental Authority, or other entity.
Person
"" means a Single Employer Plan or a Multiple Employer Plan.
Plan
"" means (a) in the case of Euros, Frankfurt, Germany, (b) in the case of British Pounds Sterling, London, United Kingdom, and (c) in the case of any Foreign Currency other than listed in subclauses (a) and (b), as agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Company on or prior to the date on which a Foreign Currency Loan in such other Foreign Currency is made.
Principal Financial Center
"" means any property or asset, whether real, personal or mixed, or tangible or intangible, including shares of capital stock.
Property
"" means, with respect to each Lender at any time, the percentage of the combined Commitments represented by of such Lender's Commitment at such time.
Pro Rata Share
"" has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(d).
Protesting Lender
 
"" means each June 30, September 30, December 31 and March 31.
Quarterly Payment Date
"" has the meaning specified in Section 11.05(e).
Register
"" means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person's Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person's Affiliates.
Related Parties
"" means a written request substantially in the form of Exhibit A, duly completed and signed by a Responsible Officer.
Request for Extension of Credit
"" means, as to any Person, any law (statutory or common), treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or of a Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon the Person or any of its Property or to which the Person or any of its Property is subject.
Requirement of Law
"" means (a) as of any date of determination if the Commitments are then in effect, Lenders having in the aggregate 51% or more of the combined Commitments then in effect and (b) as of any date of determination if the Commitments have then been terminated and there are Loans outstanding, Lenders holding Loans aggregating 51% or more of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans, that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, the Commitments of such Lender at such time shall be excluded from the determination of Requisite Lenders at such time.
Requisite Lenders
provided
"" means, unless otherwise provided herein, (a) irrevocable telephonic notice to the intended recipient, promptly followed by a written notice to such Person, or (b) irrevocable written notice to the intended recipient, in each case (x) delivered or made to such Person at the address, telephone number or facsimile number set forth on Schedule 11.02 or as otherwise designated by such Person by Requisite Notice to the Administrative Agent and (y) if made by any Credit Party, given by a Responsible Officer. Any written notice shall be in the form, if any, prescribed in the applicable section and may be given by facsimile provided such facsimile is promptly confirmed by a telephone call to such recipient.
Requisite Notice
"" means, with respect to any of the actions listed below, the time set forth opposite such action on or prior to the date set forth below (all times are New York Time):
Requisite Time
 
 
"" means the chief executive officer, the president, the chief operating officer, the chief financial officer, the chief legal officer, the treasurer, the assistant treasurer or the controller of each of the Credit Parties. Any document or certificate hereunder that is signed or executed by a Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the relevant Credit Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Credit Party.
Responsible Officer
"" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
Securities Act
"" means, with respect to any Person, any Subsidiary that meets the definition of "significant subsidiary" under Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Significant Subsidiary
 
"" means a single employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, that (a) is maintained for employees of a Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate and no Person other than a Credit Party and the ERISA Affiliates or (b) was so maintained and in respect of which a Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate could have liability under Section 4069 of ERISA in the event such plan has been or were to be terminated.
Single Employer Plan
"" of a Person means any corporation, association, partnership, joint venture or other business entity of which more than 50% of the voting stock or other equity interests (in the case of Persons other than corporations), is owned or controlled directly or indirectly by the Person, or one or more of the Subsidiaries of the Person, or a combination thereof.
Subsidiary
"" means Bank of America, N.A., in its capacity as syndication agent.
Syndication Agent
"" means, with respect to any Person, (a) a so-called synthetic lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations which do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the Indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment).
Synthetic Lease
"" means, when modifying a representation, warranty or other statement of any Person, that the fact or situation described therein is known by the Person (or, in the case of a Person other than a natural Person, known by a Responsible Officer) making the representation, warranty or other statement, or with the exercise of reasonable due diligence under the circumstances (in accordance with the standard of what a reasonable Person in similar circumstances would have done) would have been known by the Person (or, in the case of a Person other than a natural Person, would have been known by a Responsible Officer).
to the best knowledge of
"" means the execution, delivery and performance by the Credit Parties of this Agreement, the borrowing of Loans, the issuance of Letters of Credit and the use of the proceeds thereof.
Transactions
"" of Loan means (a) a Base Rate Loan, (b) a Dollar LIBOR Loan or (c) a Foreign Currency Loan.
type
Section 1.02. .
Performance; Time
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, whenever any performance obligation hereunder shall be stated to be due or required to be satisfied on a day other than a Business Day, such performance shall be made or satisfied on the next succeeding Business Day. In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word "from" means "from and including"; the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding", and the word "through" means "to and including."
 
If any provision of this Agreement refers to any action taken or to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from taking, such provision shall be interpreted to encompass any and all means, direct or indirect, of taking, or not taking, such action.
Section 1.03. .
Accounting Principles
Unless the context otherwise clearly requires, all accounting terms not expressly defined herein shall be construed, and all financial computations required under this Agreement shall be made, in accordance with GAAP, consistently applied; , that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent that the Company wishes to amend any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Requisite Lenders wish to amend any provision hereof for such purpose), then such provision shall be applied on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice is withdrawn or such provision is amended in a manner satisfactory to the Company and the Requisite Lenders.
provided
Section 1.04. .
Use of Defined Terms
Any defined term used in the plural shall refer to all members of the relevant class, and any defined term used in the singular shall refer to any one or more of the members of the relevant class.
Section 1.05. .
Rounding
Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed in this Agreement and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a round-up if there is no nearest number) to the number of places by which such ratio is expressed in this Agreement.
Section 1.06. .
Exhibits and Schedules
All Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement are incorporated herein by this reference. A matter disclosed on any Schedule shall be deemed disclosed on all Schedules.
Section 1.07. .
References to "Subsidiaries"
Any reference herein to "the Company and its Subsidiaries", "any Borrower and its Subsidiaries", "any Foreign Borrower and its Subsidiaries", "any Credit Party and its Subsidiaries" or the like shall refer solely, as the case may be, to the Company, the applicable Borrower, Foreign Borrower or Credit Party during such times,
 
if any, as the Company, such Borrower, Foreign Borrower or Credit Party shall have no Subsidiaries.
Section 1.08. .
Miscellaneous Terms
The term "" is disjunctive; the term "" is conjunctive. The term "" is mandatory; the term "" is permissive. Masculine terms also apply to females; feminine terms also apply to males. The term "" is by way of example and not limitation.
or
and
shall
may
including
Section 2.01. .
The Commitments
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Lender severally (and not jointly) agrees, during the Availability Period applicable to such Lender (i) to make, Convert and Continue Dollar Loans to the Company as the Company may request, and (ii) to make and Continue Foreign Currency Loans to the Company or any Foreign Borrower as the Company or such Foreign Borrower may request; provided, however, that in each case: (A) for any Lender, the sum of (1) the aggregate LC Exposure of such Lender, (2) the aggregate principal amount of all Dollar Loans made by such Lender, and (3) the Equivalent Amount of the aggregate principal amount of all Foreign Currency Loans made by such Lender, shall not exceed such Lender's Commitment at any time, (B) the sum of (1) the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders, (2) the aggregate principal amount of all Dollar Loans made by all Lenders and (3) the Equivalent Amount of the aggregate principal amount of all Foreign Currency Loans made by all Lenders shall not exceed the combined Commitments at any time, and (C) the Equivalent Amount of the aggregate principal amount of all Foreign Currency Loans made by all Lenders shall not exceed the Foreign Currency Limit at any time. Subject to the foregoing and other terms and conditions hereof, Loans may be borrowed, prepaid and reborrowed as set forth herein without premium or penalty. The Borrower may Convert a Dollar LIBOR Loan to a Base Rate Loan or a Base Rate Loan to a Dollar LIBOR Loan upon request, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Borrower may not Convert a Dollar Loan to a Foreign Currency Loan, a Foreign Currency Loan to a Dollar Loan or a Loan in one Foreign Currency to a Loan in any other Foreign Currency. The available Commitments also may be utilized by the Company to obtain Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.11.
(b) Loans made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more loan accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the Ordinary Course of Business. Upon the request of any Lender made through the Administrative Agent, such Lender's Loans may be evidenced by one or more Notes, instead of or in addition to loan accounts. (Each such Lender may endorse on the schedules annexed to its Note the date, amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.) Such loan accounts,
 
records or Notes shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of such Loans and payments thereon. Any failure so to record or any error in doing so shall not, , limit or otherwise affect the obligation of any Credit Party to pay any amount owing with respect to the Loans.
however
(c) Unless the Administrative Agent and the Requisite Lenders otherwise consent, Loans with no more than 15 different Interest Periods shall be outstanding at any one time; provided that for the purposes of this sentence only, "Loans" shall mean all Loans outstanding under this Agreement.
(d) The Company may at any time, and from time to time, upon not less than 15 Business Days' prior notice, notify the Administrative Agent that the Company intends to designate one or more Subsidiaries to become Foreign Borrowers for purposes of receiving Foreign Currency Loans, provided that, (i) such Subsidiary is, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, wholly-owned by the Company, (ii) such Subsidiary is neither organized nor domiciled in any State of the United States of America or in the District of Columbia, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall receive, on or after the date that is 15 Business Days after such notice, a duly executed Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement, together with such organization documentation, certificates, opinions and other documentation and information, as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to evidence compliance with the conditions to the effectiveness of such Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement described in Section 4.03, whereupon such Subsidiary shall become a Foreign Borrower for purposes of this Agreement. Foreign Currency Loans shall be borrowed and Continued as Euromarket Funded unless the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Company or the applicable Foreign Borrower, as the case may be, agree that such Foreign Currency Loans shall be Locally Funded.
If the Company shall designate a Foreign Borrower hereunder, any Lender may, with notice to the Administrative Agent and the Company, fulfill its Commitment by causing an Affiliate of such Lender to act as the Lender in respect of such Foreign Borrower (and such Lender shall, to the extent of Loans made to and participations in Letters of Credit issued for the account of such Foreign Borrower, be deemed for all purposes hereof to have assigned such Loans and participations to such Affiliate in compliance with the provisions of Section 11.05).
pro tanto
As soon as practicable after receiving notice from the Company or the Administrative Agent of the Company's intent to designate a Subsidiary as a Foreign Borrower, and in any event no later than ten Business Days after the delivery of such notice, any Lender that may not legally lend to, establish credit for the account of and/or do any business whatsoever with such Foreign Borrower directly or through an Affiliate of such Lender as provided in the immediately preceding paragraph (a "") shall so notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing. With respect to each Protesting Lender, the Company shall, effective on or before the date that such Foreign Borrower shall have the right to borrow hereunder, either (A) notify the Administrative
Protesting Lender
 
Agent and such Protesting Lender that the Commitment of such Protesting Lender shall be terminated or assigned in accordance with Section 3.07(e); that such Protesting Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and/or Letter of Credit reimbursement obligations, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts then outstanding and payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company or the relevant Foreign Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) or (B) cancel its request to designate such Subsidiary as a "Foreign Borrower" hereunder.
provided
Section 2.02. .
Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans
(a) A Borrower may irrevocably request a Borrowing, Conversion or Continuation of Loans in a Minimum Amount by delivering a duly completed Request for Extension of Credit by Requisite Notice to the Administrative Agent not later than the Requisite Time. All Borrowings, Conversions or Continuations in respect of Dollar Loans shall constitute requests for Base Rate Loans and all Borrowings or Continuations in respect of Foreign Currency Loans shall constitute requests for Foreign Currency Loans with an Interest Period of one month, in each case unless properly and timely otherwise designated as set forth in the prior sentence. In the case of Dollar LIBOR Loans having a proposed Interest Period of nine or twelve months, each Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the applicable Borrower) whether such Lender, in its sole discretion, consents to funding a Dollar LIBOR Loan for such requested Interest Period(s) for such Borrowing. If any Lender does not so consent, Dollar LIBOR Loans shall not be available for such Interest Period(s) for such Borrowing.
(b) Each Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. Promptly following receipt of a Request for Extension of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of its Pro Rata Share thereof by Requisite Notice. Each Lender shall make the funds for its Loan available to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Office not later than the Requisite Time on the Business Day specified in such Request for Extension of Credit. Upon satisfaction or waiver of the applicable conditions set forth in Article IV, all funds so received shall be made available to Borrower.
(c) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the applicable Borrower and the Lenders of IBOR applicable to any IBOR Loan upon determination of same.
(d) During the existence of an Event of Default described in clause (a), (e), (f), (g), or (i) of Section 8.01, the Requisite Lenders may determine that (i) any or all of the then outstanding Dollar Loans that are Dollar LIBOR Loans shall be Converted to Base Rate Loans and/or (ii) any or all of the outstanding Foreign Currency Loans with an Interest Period greater than one month shall be replaced by Foreign Currency Loans with
 
an Interest Period of one month. Such Conversion or replacement shall be effective upon notice to the applicable Borrower from the Administrative Agent and shall continue so long as such Event of Default continues to exist, or in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, the earlier expiration of the applicable Interest Period.
(e) If a Loan is to be made on the same date that another Loan is due and payable, the applicable Borrower or the Lenders, as the case may be, shall make available to the Administrative Agent the net amount of funds giving effect to both such Loans and the effect for purposes of this Agreement shall be the same as if separate transfers of funds had been made with respect to each such Loan.
(f) The failure of any Lender to make any Loan on any date shall not relieve any other Lender of any obligation to make a Loan on such date, but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan.
Section 2.03. .
[Reserved]
Section 2.04. .
Prepayments
(a) The applicable Borrower may at any time and from time to time voluntarily prepay Loans in a Minimum Amount after delivering an irrevocable Requisite Notice not later than the Requisite Time for prepayments. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender thereof and of such Lender's Pro Rata Share of such prepayment. Each prepayment by a Borrower must be made ratably to all outstanding Loans of such Borrower borrowed on the same day.
(b) If for any reason either (i) the sum of (A) the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders, (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Dollar Loans made by all Lenders and (C) the Equivalent Amount of the aggregate principal amount of all Foreign Currency Loans made by all Lenders, exceeds the combined Commitments in effect at any time or (ii) the Equivalent Amount of the aggregate principal amount of all Foreign Currency Loans made by the Lenders exceeds the Foreign Currency Limit, then upon written request of the Administrative Agent the Company shall immediately prepay or cause one or more Foreign Borrowers to immediately prepay Loans sufficient to cure such overage.
(c) Any prepayment of an IBOR Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest thereon, together with the costs set forth in Section 3.05.
(d) The Company or the Guarantor may from time to time elect to prepay pursuant to the Company Guaranty all or part of any Foreign Currency Loan of a Foreign Borrower and such prepayment by the Company or the Guarantor shall be made in the manner and subject to the terms that a prepayment would be made by the Foreign Borrower under this Agreement.
Section 2.05. .
Voluntary Reduction of Commitments
 
The Company shall have the right, at any time and from time to time, without penalty or charge, upon giving Requisite Notice not later than the Requisite Time, voluntarily to reduce, permanently and irrevocably, in a Minimum Amount, or to terminate, the then unused portion of the Commitments, that any such reduction or termination shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued and unpaid Facility Fees with respect to the portion of the Commitments being reduced or terminated. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders of any reduction or termination of the Commitments under this Section. Each Lender's Commitment shall be reduced by an amount equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share times the amount of such reduction.
provided
Section 2.06. .
Principal and Interest
(a) If not sooner paid, the outstanding principal amount of each Loan shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date of the Lender thereof or, if such Loan is not Continued or Converted, at the end of the applicable Interest Period.
(b) Each Borrower shall pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of the Loans made to it (before and after default, before and after maturity, before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding) from the date borrowed until paid in full (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) on each Interest Payment Date for each type of Loan at a rate per annum equal to the applicable interest rate determined in accordance with the definition of such type of Loan in this Agreement, plus the Applicable Amount.
(c) If any amount of principal of or interest on any Loan or any other amount payable under any Loan Document is not paid in full when due (whether by acceleration or otherwise) or, in the case of reimbursement obligations under Section 2.11, one Business Day after the date such reimbursement obligations accrues, the applicable Borrower (or in the case of such other amounts, the Company) shall pay interest on such unpaid amount from the date such amount becomes due (or, in the case of reimbursement obligations under Section 2.11, one Business Day after the date such reimbursement obligation accrues) until the date such amount is paid in full, and after as well as before any entry of judgment thereon, at a fluctuating rate of interest rate equal to the Default Rate. Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including, without limitation, interest on past due interest) shall be compounded monthly, on the last day of each calendar month, to the fullest extent permitted by Requirement of Law, and payable on demand.
(d) Amounts due under this Agreement in respect of any Loan shall be deemed paid for the purposes of this Agreement only, in the case of Dollar Loans, to the extent paid in Dollars or, in the case of Foreign Currency Loans, to the extent paid in the applicable Foreign Currency. If the Administrative Agent receives any payment in respect of any Loan in any currency other than the currency of such Loan, (including upon enforcement of or collection of a judgment), the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion return such payment to the payor or convert such payment to the currency
 
of such Loan and apply the net proceeds to payment of amounts due in respect of such Loan in accordance with this Agreement, that (i) amounts due in respect of such Loan shall be deemed to have been paid by the Borrower only to the extent of the net proceeds, if any, so applied by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Credit Party, Lender or any other Person arising out of or relating to such conversion of funds or the exchange rate utilized in connection therewith, in each case except to the extent of the Administrative Agent's own gross negligence or willful misconduct.
provided
Section 2.07. .
Fees
(a) . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of each Lender, a Facility Fee equal to the Applicable Amount for the Facility Fee times such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the daily aggregate amount of the combined Commitments (determined daily on a per annum basis); that no Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Facility Fee in respect of its unused Commitment for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Company shall not be required to pay such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). The Facility Fee under the Commitments shall accrue from the Closing Date to but excluding the Maturity Date of the applicable Lender and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Payment Date and on the Maturity Date of such Lender. The Facility Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears; if there is any change in the Applicable Amount during any quarter, the average daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Amount separately for each period that such Applicable Amount was in effect during such quarter.
Facility Fee
provided
(b) . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent an agency fee in such amounts and at such times as heretofore agreed upon by letter agreement between the Company and the Administrative Agent. The agency fee is for the services to be performed by the Administrative Agent in acting as Administrative Agent and is fully earned on the date paid. The agency fee paid to the Administrative Agent is solely for its own account and is nonrefundable.
Agency Fee
(c) The Company shall pay
Letter of Credit Fees.
(i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue in Dollars at the same Applicable Amount used to determine the interest rate applicable to Loans that are Dollar LIBOR Loans or Foreign Currency Loans on the average daily amount of such Lender's LC Exposure, as determined by the applicable Issuing Bank using its customary method of calculating the Dollar amount equivalent of its Foreign Currency Letters of Credit (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Closing Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender's Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender
 
ceases to have any LC Exposure; , , any Letter of Credit fees otherwise payable for the account of a Defaulting Lender with respect to any Letter of Credit shall be payable, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, to the other Lenders in accordance with the upward adjustments in their respective Pro Rata Share allocable to such Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.14(a)(iv), with the balance of such fee, if any, payable to such Issuing Bank for its own account, and
provided
however
(ii) to each Issuing Bank a fronting fee and fees with respect of the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder, as may be separately agreed upon between the Company and such Issuing Bank.
Participation fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Closing Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to any Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable as agreed between such Issuing Bank and the Company. All participation fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day).
Section 2.08. .
Computation of Fees and Interest
Computations of (i) interest with respect to Base Rate Loans and (ii) Local Market IBOR (but not the Applicable Amount or any fees or other amounts) with respect to Foreign Currency Loans in British Pounds Sterling shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and the actual number of days elapsed; computations of interest on all other types of Loans and all fees and other amounts under this Agreement shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days and the actual number of days elapsed, which results in a higher yield to the Lenders than a method based on a year of 365 or 366 days. Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made; interest shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, interest in excess of the maximum amount permitted by any Requirement of Law shall not accrue or be payable hereunder, and any amount paid as interest hereunder which would otherwise be in excess of such maximum permitted amount shall instead be treated as a payment of principal.
Section 2.09. .
Manner and Treatment of Payments among the Lenders, Borrowers and the Administrative Agent
(a) Unless otherwise provided herein, all payments by any Credit Party or any Lender hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent at the Administrative Agent's Office and account, or to any Person at such place and account as
 
the Administrative Agent may designate, in immediately available funds without defense, setoff or counterclaim not later than the Requisite Time. All payments received after the Requisite Time shall be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day. All payments of fees pursuant to Section 2.07 shall be payable by the Company in Dollars. All payments of principal of or interest on Loans other than Foreign Currency Loans shall be payable in Dollars. All payments of principal of or interest in a Foreign Currency Loan shall be payable in the applicable Foreign Currency.
(b) Upon satisfaction of any applicable terms and conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent shall promptly make any amounts received in accordance with the prior subsection available in like funds received as follows: (i) if payable to any Borrower, by crediting an account of such Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent in New York City and designated by such Borrower in the applicable Request for Extension of Credit or, if no account is maintained by such Borrower with the Administrative Agent, then by wire transfer to an account designated in writing by such Borrower and delivered to Administrative Agent, and (ii) if payable to any Lender, by wire transfer to such Lender at the address specified in Schedule 11.02. The Administrative Agent's determination, or any Lender's determination not contradictory thereto, of any amount payable hereunder shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.
(c) Subject to the definition of "," if any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall instead be considered due on the next succeeding Business Day and the extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest and fees.
Interest Period
(d) Unless any Borrower or Lender has notified the Administrative Agent prior to the time any payment to be made by it is due, that it does not intend to remit such payment, the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, assume that such Borrower or Lender, as the case may be, has timely remitted such payment and may, in its discretion and in reliance thereon, make available such payment to the Person entitled thereto. If such payment was not in fact remitted to the Administrative Agent, then:
(i) if any Borrower failed to make such payment, each Lender shall forthwith on demand repay to the Administrative Agent the amount of such assumed payment made available to such Lender, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of (x) the Federal Funds Rate and (y) such rate as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation; and
(ii) if any Lender failed to make such payment, such Lender shall on the Business Day following such Credit Date pay to the Administrative Agent the amount of such assumed payment made available to the applicable Borrower,
 
together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Borrower to the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of (x) the Federal Funds Rate and (y) such rate as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Nothing herein shall be deemed to relieve any Lender from its obligation to fulfill its Commitments or to prejudice any rights which the Administrative Agent or any Borrower may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such Lender hereunder.
(iii) if any Lender failed to make a payment funding a Loan, and fails to make such payment on the Business Day following the Credit Date, the applicable Borrower shall repay such Lender's failed payment funding of such Loan to the Administrative Agent immediately upon receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent regarding such failure to pay by any such Lender together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such amount was made available by the Administrative Agent to such Borrower to the date such amount is paid to the Administrative Agent at the rate of interest applicable to such Loan.
Section 2.10. .
Funding Sources
Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.
Section 2.11.
Letters of Credit.
(a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may request the issuance of Letters of Credit for its own account or for the account of any of its Subsidiaries or, subject to the good faith approval of the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank (consistent with its internal policies and such other criteria as it shall deem applicable), any other Person, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Company to, or entered into by the Company with, the applicable Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
General.
(b) . Whenever the Company desires to (i) have a Letter of Credit issued hereunder, (ii) incorporate an existing letter of credit not issued hereunder as a Letter of Credit for the purposes hereof or (iii) amend, renew or extend a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder, the Company shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by
Notice of Issuance, Incorporation, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions
 
electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable Issuing Bank) to an Issuing Bank selected by the Company and the Administrative Agent (not less than three Business Days in advance of the requested date of issuance, incorporation, amendment, renewal or extension) an LC Request; specifying information as provided in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E and such other information as shall be necessary in the determination of such Issuing Bank to prepare, incorporate, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. The date of issuance, incorporation, amendment, renewal or extension specified in such LC Request shall be a Business Day, and the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section. If requested by the applicable Issuing Bank, the Company also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank's standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, incorporated, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, incorporation, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), immediately after giving effect to such issuance, incorporation, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the LC Exposure shall not exceed $250,000,000 and (ii) the sum of (A) the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders, (B) the aggregate principal amount of all Dollar Loans made by all Lenders and (C) the Equivalent Amount at any time of the aggregate principal amount of all Foreign Currency Loans made by all Lenders, shall not exceed the combined Commitments in effect at any time; that an Issuing Bank shall not be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if any Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such Issuing Bank has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such Issuing Bank (in its sole discretion) with the Company or such Lender to eliminate such Issuing Bank's Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to ) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other LC Exposure as to which such Issuing Bank has Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion.
provided
Section 2.14(a)(iv)
(c) Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the expiration date requested in the LC Request and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date of Lenders having Commitments in an amount more than the excess of (A) the aggregate amount of the Commitments prior to such Maturity Date over (B) the LC Exposure after giving effect to such Maturity Date (assuming that such Letter of Credit has been issued).
Expiration Date.
(d) By the issuance or incorporation of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) pursuant to Section 2.11(b) and without any further action on the part of any Issuing Bank or the Lenders, each Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from such Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender's Pro Rata Share of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of such Issuing Bank, in Dollars or in the applicable Foreign Currency, as the case may
Participations.
 
be, such Lender's Pro Rata Share of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Company on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) and (f) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever (other than a withdrawal of such Letter of Credit from this Agreement pursuant to Section 2.11(m)), including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or Event of Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Lender's Pro Rata Share of each LC Disbursement at each time such Lender's Commitment is amended pursuant to a Commitment Increase in accordance with Section 2.12, an assignment in accordance with Section 11.05 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement.
(e) If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Dollar Letter of Credit issued for the account of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in Dollars equal to such LC Disbursement not later than the LC Requisite Time; provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than $5,000,000, the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.01 and 2.02 that such payment be financed with a Dollar LIBOR Loan or Base Rate Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Company's obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Dollar LIBOR Loan or Base Rate Loan.
Reimbursement of Dollar Letters of Credit.
(f) If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Foreign Currency Letter of Credit, the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount in the applicable Foreign Currency equal to such LC Disbursement not later than the LC Requisite Time; provided that, if the Equivalent Amount of such LC Disbursement is not less than $5,000,000, the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.01 and 2.02 that such payment be financed with a Foreign Currency Loan to the Company or any eligible Foreign Borrower (whether or not an account party under the Foreign Currency Letter of Credit), bearing interest at IBOR for such Foreign Currency in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Company's obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Foreign Currency Loan.
Reimbursement of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit.
(g) If the Company fails to make payment as provided in paragraph (e) and (f) of this Section when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and such Lender's Pro Rata Share thereof. Promptly
Payment by Lenders.
 
following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars (and the Administrative Agent may, to the extent that such Lender fails to pay, apply Cash Collateral provided for this purpose) or in the applicable Foreign Currency, as the case may be, its Pro Rata Share of the payment then due from the Company, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.09 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and the terms and conditions of Section 2.09 shall apply in the same manner to all the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph (whether directly from the Company or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of Dollar LIBOR Loans or Base Rate Loans as contemplated in paragraph (e) above or the funding of Foreign Currency Loans as contemplated in paragraph (f) above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement.
(h) The Company's obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) and (f) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment by an Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Company's obligations hereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent, the Lenders nor any Issuing Bank, nor any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance, incorporation, transfer or withdrawal of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable Issuing Bank; that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Company to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the
Obligations Absolute.
provided
 
Company that are caused by such Issuing Bank's failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of any Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), such Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, each Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit.
(i) Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Company by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement.
Disbursement Procedures.
(j) If any Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Company reimburses such LC Disbursement, (i) in the case of a LC Disbursement with respect to a Dollar Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans and (ii) in the case of a LC Disbursement with respect to a Foreign Currency Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum then applicable to Foreign Currency Loans in the applicable Foreign Currency with an Interest Period of one month (with the first such Interest Period beginning on the date such LC Disbursement was made); provided that, in each case (i) and (ii), if the Company fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement on the Business Day after such reimbursement is due pursuant to paragraph (e) and (f) of this Section, then Section 2.06(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (g) of this Section to reimburse such Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
Interim Interest.
(k) Amounts due under this Agreement in respect of any Letter of Credit shall be deemed paid for the purposes of this Agreement only, in the case of Dollar Letters of Credit, to the extent paid in Dollars or, in the case of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit, to the extent paid in the applicable Foreign Currency, except
Currencies.
 
to the extent expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement. If the Administrative Agent receives any payment in respect of any Letter of Credit in any currency other than the currency of such Letter of Credit (including upon enforcement of or collection of a judgment), the Administrative Agent may in its sole discretion return such payment to the payor or convert such payment to the currency of such Letter of Credit and apply the net proceeds to payment of amounts due in respect of such Letter of Credit in accordance with this Agreement, that (i) amounts due in respect of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to have been paid only to the extent of the net proceeds, if any, so applied by the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have no liability to any Credit Party, Lender or any other Person arising out of or relating to such conversion of funds or the exchange rate utilized in connection therewith, in each case except to the extent of the Administrative Agent's own gross negligence or willful misconduct.
provided
(l) Any Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.07(c). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued or incorporated thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term "Issuing Bank" shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. Any Lender may become an Issuing Bank hereunder by agreeing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement as an Issuing Bank, subject to the prior written consent of the Company and with written notice to the Administrative Agent.
Replacement of an Issuing Bank.
(m) . The Company may, with the consent of the Issuing Bank issuing such Letter of Credit, which consent may be given or withheld in its sole discretion, elect to have any undrawn Letter of Credit issued hereunder no longer deemed to be a Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder. The Company may make such election by delivering to the Administrative Agent a Notice of Letter of Credit Withdrawal, signed by the Company and the applicable Issuing Bank, in the form attached as Exhibit F, whereupon such letter of credit shall cease to be Letter of Credit for all purposes hereof.
Withdrawal of Outstanding Letters of Credit from Agreement
(n) If (x) for any reason the LC Exposure exceeds $250,000,000 or (y) at any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, then upon request of the Requisite Lenders in the case of clause (x) and upon request of the
Cash Collateralization.
 
applicable Issuing Bank in the case of clause (y), the Company shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash in Dollars equal, in the case of clause (x) above, to the LC Overage as of the date of such request or, in the case of clause (y) above, to amount sufficient to cover all Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided or deemed provided by the Defaulting Lender), which amount shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the performance by the Company of its reimbursement obligations pursuant to Sections 2.11(e) and (f). The Administrative Agent (i) may (and in the case of clause (y) above, shall, at the request of, and as directed by, the Company) invest the balance in such account in such short-term instruments in the manner and to the extent the Administrative Agent deems consistent with the use of such funds as collateral for the performance of the Company's obligations (or in the case of clause (y) above, as directed by the Company), (ii) shall apply the balance in such account to pay any reimbursement obligations that arise pursuant to Section 2.11(e) and (f) from time to time (with any reimbursement obligation payable in a Foreign Currency satisfied by the conversion of funds in such account in such manner at such an exchange rate as determined by the Administrative Agent) and (iii) upon request of the Company from time to time, shall pay to the Company such amount as the Administrative Agent determines to be the excess of the balance in such account over the LC Overage. All investment and reinvestment of funds deposited with the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.11(n) shall be made at the Company's risk and expense. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. If the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 51% of the total LC Exposure), the balance held by the Administrative Agent may be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Company under this Agreement.
Section 2.12.
Increase in the Commitments.
(a) At any time prior to the latest Maturity Date in effect at any time (but not more than once in any calendar year), if no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at such time, the Company may, if it so elects, increase the aggregate amount of the Commitments (each, a ""), either by designating a Person not theretofore a Lender and acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld) (each such Person, an "") to become a Lender or by agreeing with an existing Lender that such Lender's Commitment shall be increased (each such Lender, an ""). Upon execution and delivery by the Company and each Increasing Lender or Assuming Lender of an instrument of assumption in form and amount reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank (each an ""), such Increasing Lender shall have a Commitment as therein set forth or such Assuming Lender shall become a Lender with a Commitment as therein set forth and all the rights and obligations of a Lender with a Commitment hereunder; that (i) the Company shall provide prompt notice of such increase to the Administrative Agent, which shall promptly notify the other Lenders, (ii) the aggregate
Commitment Increase
Assuming Lender
Increasing Lender
Assumption Agreement
provided
 
amount of each such increase which is effective on any day shall be at least $25,000,000 or an integral multiple thereof, (iii) the aggregate amount of the Commitments shall at no time exceed $1,000,000,000 and (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before such date (A) certified copies of resolutions of the board of directors of the Company (or a duly authorized committee thereof) evidencing the ability of the Company to effect the Commitment Increase, (B) a consent of the Guarantor and (C) an opinion of counsel for the Company (which may be in-house counsel), in substantially the form of Exhibit H-1 hereto with such modifications as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent.
(b) Upon any increase in the aggregate amount of the Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.12, within five Business Days in the case of the Base Rate Loans outstanding, and at the end of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto in the case of the Loans comprising each IBOR Borrowing then outstanding (but in any event within 45 days), the respective Loans shall be reallocated among the Lenders so that, after giving effect to such reallocation, the Loans comprising each Borrowing and continuing into the subsequent Interest Period are funded by the Lenders ratably according to their respective Commitments on such day. Each Lender agrees that the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 shall not apply to any additional amounts required to be funded by such Lender pursuant to this Section 2.12.
Section 2.13. .
Extension of Maturity Date
(a) At least 45 days but not more than 60 days prior to any anniversary of the Closing Date, the Company, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, may request an extension of the Maturity Date in effect at such time by one year from its then scheduled expiration. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of such request, and each Lender shall in turn, in its sole discretion, not later than 20 days prior to such anniversary date, notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing as to whether such Lender will consent to such extension. If any Lender shall fail to notify the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing of its consent to any such request for extension of the Maturity Date at least 20 days prior to such anniversary date, such Lender shall be deemed to be a Non-Consenting Lender with respect to such request. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company not later than 15 days prior to such anniversary date of the decision of the Lenders regarding the Company's request for an extension of the Maturity Date.
(b) If all the Lenders consent in writing to any such request in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.13, the Maturity Date in effect at such time shall, effective as at the applicable anniversary date (the ""), be extended for one year. If less than all of the Lenders consent in writing to any such request in accordance with subsection (a) of this Section 2.13, the Maturity Date in effect at such time shall, effective as at the applicable Extension Date and subject to subsection (d) of this Section 2.13, be extended as to those Lenders that so consented (each a "") but shall not be extended as to any other Lender (each a "
Extension Date
Consenting Lender
Non-
 
"). To the extent that the Maturity Date is not extended as to any Lender pursuant to this Section 2.13 and the Commitment of such Lender is not assumed in accordance with subsection (c) of this Section 2.13 on or prior to the applicable Extension Date, the Commitment of such Non-Consenting Lender shall automatically terminate in whole on such unextended Maturity Date without any further notice or other action by the Company, such Lender or any other Person; that such Non-Consenting Lender's rights under Article III, and its obligations under Section 9.06, shall survive the Maturity Date for such Lender as to matters occurring prior to such date. It is understood and agreed that no Lender shall have any obligation whatsoever to agree to any request made by the Company for any requested extension of the Maturity Date.
Consenting Lender
provided
(c) If less than all of the Lenders consent to any such request pursuant to subsection (a) of this Section 2.13, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Consenting Lenders, and each Consenting Lender may, in its sole discretion, give written notice to the Administrative Agent not later than 10 days prior to the Extension Date of the amount of the Non-Consenting Lenders' Commitments for which it is willing to accept an assignment. If the Consenting Lenders notify the Administrative Agent that they are willing to accept assignments of Commitments in an aggregate amount that exceeds the amount of the Commitments of the Non-Consenting Lenders, such Commitments shall be allocated among the Consenting Lenders willing to accept such assignments in such amounts as are agreed between the Company and the Administrative Agent. If after giving effect to the assignments of Commitments described above there remains any Commitments of Non-Consenting Lenders, the Company may arrange for one or more Consenting Lenders or other Assignees as Assuming Lenders to assume, effective as of the Extension Date, any Non-Consenting Lender's Commitment and all of the obligations of such Non-Consenting Lender under this Agreement thereafter arising, without recourse to or warranty by, or expense to, such Non-Consenting Lender; , that the amount of the Commitment of any such Assuming Lender as a result of such substitution shall in no event be less than US$10,000,000 unless the amount of the Commitment of such Non-Consenting Lender is less than US$10,000,000, in which case such Assuming Lender shall assume all of such lesser amount; and that:
provided, however
provided further
(i) any such Consenting Lender or Assuming Lender shall have paid to such Non-Consenting Lender (A) the aggregate principal amount of, and any interest accrued and unpaid to the effective date of the assignment on, the outstanding Loans, if any, of such Non-Consenting Lender (B) any accrued but unpaid Facility Fees and Letter of Credit fees owing to such Non-Consenting Lender as of the effective date of such assignment;
plus
(ii) all additional costs reimbursements, expense reimbursements and indemnities payable to such Non-Consenting Lender, and all other accrued and unpaid amounts owing to such Non-Consenting Lender hereunder, as of the effective date of such assignment shall have been paid to such Non-Consenting Lender; and
 
(iii) with respect to any such Assuming Lender, the applicable processing and recordation fee required under Section 11.05 for such assignment shall have been paid;
that such Non-Consenting Lender's rights under Article III, and its obligations under Section 9.06, shall survive such substitution as to matters occurring prior to the date of substitution. At least three Business Days prior to any Extension Date, (A) each such Assuming Lender, if any, shall have delivered to the Company and the Administrative Agent an Assumption Agreement, duly executed by such Assuming Lender, such Non-Consenting Lender, the Company and the Administrative Agent, (B) any such Consenting Lender shall have delivered confirmation in writing satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent as to the increase in the amount of its Commitment and (C) each Non-Consenting Lender being replaced pursuant to this Section 2.13 shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any Note or Notes held by such Non-Consenting Lender. Upon the payment or prepayment of all amounts referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of the immediately preceding sentence, each such Consenting Lender or Assuming Lender, as of the Extension Date, will be substituted for such Non-Consenting Lender under this Agreement and shall be a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement, without any further acknowledgment by or the consent of the other Lenders, and the obligations of each such Non-Consenting Lender hereunder shall, by the provisions hereof, be released and discharged.
provided further
(d) If (after giving effect to any assignments or assumptions pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 2.13) Lenders having Commitments equal to at least 50% of the Commitments in effect immediately prior to the Extension Date consent in writing to a requested extension (whether by execution or delivery of an Assumption Agreement or otherwise) not later than one Business Day prior to such Extension Date, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02(b) and (c), the Maturity Date then in effect shall be extended for the additional one-year period as described in subsection (a) of this Section 2.13, and all references in this Agreement, and in the Notes, if any, to the "" shall, with respect to each Consenting Lender and each Assuming Lender for such Extension Date, refer to the Maturity Date as so extended. Promptly following each Extension Date, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders (including, without limitation, each Assuming Lender) of the extension of the scheduled Maturity Date in effect immediately prior thereto and shall thereupon record in the Register the relevant information with respect to each such Consenting Lender and each such Assuming Lender.
Maturity Date
(e) If, at any Maturity Date, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Loans plus the aggregate LC Exposure exceeds the Commitments of the Lenders having Commitments that extend to a later Maturity Date, the Borrower shall repay Loans and/or deposit funds in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, in an amount equal to such excess, which deposited amount shall be applied as provided in Section 8.02(f).
 
Section 2.14. .
Defaulting Lenders
(a) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law:
Adjustments
(i) . That Defaulting Lender's right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Requisite Lenders.
Waivers and Amendments
(ii) . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 11.06), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Banks hereunder; , if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by any Issuing Bank, to be held as Cash Collateral for future funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any Letter of Credit; , as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any Issuing Bank against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrowers as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a
Reallocation of Payments
Article VIII
first
second
third
fourth
fifth
sixth
seventh
eighth
provided
 
Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.14(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto.
(iii) . That Defaulting Lender (x) shall not be entitled to receive any Facility Fee pursuant to Section 2.07(a) in respect of its unused Commitment for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender) and (y) shall be limited in its right to receive Letter of Credit fees as provided in Section 2.07(c)(i).
Certain Fees
(iv) . During any period in which there is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.11(d), the "Pro Rata Share" of each non-Defaulting Lender shall be computed without giving effect to the Commitment of that Defaulting Lender; , that, (i) each such reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default exists; and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit shall not exceed the positive difference, if any, of (1) the Commitment of that non-Defaulting Lender (2) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans and LC Exposure of that Lender.
Reallocation of Pro Rata Shares to Reduce Fronting Exposure
provided
minus
(b) . If the Company, the Administrative Agent and each Issuing Bank agree in writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares (without giving effect to Section 2.14(a)(iv)), whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and , , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender's having been a Defaulting Lender.
Defaulting Lender Cure
provided
provided
further
 
Section 3.01. .
Taxes
Each payment of any amount payable by any Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made free and clear of, and without reduction by reason of, any Applicable Taxes. To the extent that any Borrower is obligated by any Requirement of Law to make any deduction or withholding on account of Applicable Taxes from any amount payable to any Lender under this Agreement, such Borrower shall (i) make such deduction or withholding and pay the same to the relevant Governmental Authority and (ii) pay such additional amount to that Lender as is necessary to result in that Lender's receiving a net after-Applicable Tax amount equal to the amount to which that Lender would have been entitled under this Agreement absent such deduction or withholding. If a Lender shall become aware that receipt of such a payment resulted in an excess payment or credit to that Lender on account of such Applicable Taxes, that Lender shall promptly refund such excess to such Borrower. In addition, if any Governmental Authority imposes any Applicable Taxes on any Lender, such Borrower shall indemnify such Lender against such Applicable Taxes; , that such Borrower shall not be obligated to indemnify any Lender for penalties, interest or other liabilities to the extent arising from such Lender's failure to act in good faith in promptly notifying such Borrower thereof within 45 days from the date on which such Lender became aware of such Applicable Taxes. Payment by any Borrower under this Section shall be made within 30 days from the date any Lender makes written demand for indemnification hereunder, which demand shall set forth in reasonable detail the calculation of the amount being requested from such Borrower. If a Lender shall become aware that it is entitled to receive a refund (including by way of a credit) from a relevant Governmental Authority directly attributable to Applicable Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower pursuant to this Section, it shall promptly notify such Borrower of the availability of such refund (or credit) and shall, within 30 days after receipt of a request by such Borrower (whether as a result of notification that it has made to such Borrower or otherwise), make a claim to such Governmental Authority for such refund (or credit) at such Borrower's expense so long as making such a claim is not inconsistent with such Lender's internal policies and is not disadvantageous to such Lender.
provided, however
Section 3.02. .
Illegality
(a) If any Lender shall determine that the introduction of any Requirement of Law after the Effective Date, or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or administration thereof after the Effective Date, has made it unlawful, or that any central bank or other Governmental Authority has asserted after the Effective Date that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its Lending Office to make IBOR Loans, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Company (with a copy to the
 
Administrative Agent), the obligation of such Lender to make IBOR Loans shall be suspended until such Lender shall have notified the Company (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist, that, if the designation of an alternative branch or lending office of the Lender will permit the Lender to make or maintain such IBOR Loans, the Lender will designate such alternative branch or lending office, subject to its determination that such designation is not disadvantageous to such Lender.
; provided
(b) If any Lender shall determine that it is unlawful to maintain any IBOR Loan, the applicable Borrower shall prepay in full all IBOR Loans then outstanding, together with interest accrued thereon, either on the last day of the Interest Period thereof if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such IBOR Loans to such day, or immediately, if the Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such IBOR Loans, together with any amounts required to be paid in connection therewith pursuant to Section 3.05.
Section 3.03. .
Increased Costs; Reduction of Return; Certain Reserves
(a) If any Lender shall determine that, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in or in the interpretation of any law or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law, that if such guideline or request does not have the force of law, compliance therewith is customary for banks regulated in a manner similar to such Lender), after the Effective Date, there shall be any increase in the cost to such Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining any Loans, or agreeing to issue or issuing or maintaining or participating in Letters of Credit (other than an increase in taxes, which shall be solely governed by Section 3.01), then the Company shall be liable for, and shall from time to time, within 10 Business Days after demand therefor by such Lender, pay to such Lender additional amounts as are sufficient to compensate such Lender for such increased costs; that, if the designation of an alternative branch or lending office of the Lender will avoid or reduce the amount of such increased costs, the Lender will designate such alternative branch or lending office, subject to its determination that such designation is not disadvantageous to such Lender.
provided
provided, however,
(b) The Company shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as "Eurocurrency liabilities"), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each IBOR Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, the Company shall have received at least 10 days' prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the
provided
 
relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice.
Section 3.04. .
Capital Adequacy
If any Lender shall determine that (a) the introduction after the Effective Date of any Capital Adequacy Regulation, (b) any change after the Effective Date in any Capital Adequacy Regulation, (c) any change after the Effective Date in the interpretation or administration of any Capital Adequacy Regulation by any central bank or other Governmental Authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or (d) compliance by such Lender (or its Lending Office) or any corporation controlling such Lender, with any Capital Adequacy Regulation; affects or would affect the amount of capital required or expected to be maintained by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender and (taking into consideration such Lender's or such corporation's policies with respect to capital adequacy and such Lender's desired return on capital) determines that the amount of such capital is increased as a consequence of its Commitments, Loans, credits or obligations under this Agreement, then, within 10 Business Days after demand of such Lender, the Company shall upon demand pay to such Lender, from time to time as specified by such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for such increase; that, if the designation of an alternative branch or lending office of the Lender will avoid or reduce such increased amount the Lender will designate such alternative branch or lending office, subject to its determination that such designation is not disadvantageous to such Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 3.04 shall apply to all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy issued in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, regardless of the date adopted, issued, promulgated or implemented but only if any such requirements are generally applicable to (and for which reimbursement is generally being sought by the Lenders in respect of) credit transactions similar to this transaction from borrowers similarly situated to the Company.
provided, however,
Section 3.05. .
Breakfunding Costs
Each Borrower agrees to reimburse each Lender and to hold each Lender harmless from any loss or expense which such Lender may sustain or incur as a consequence of: (a) the failure of such Borrower to make any payment or prepayment of principal of any IBOR Loan (including payments made after any acceleration thereof); (b) the failure of such Borrower to Borrow, Continue or Convert an IBOR Loan after such Borrower has given a Request for Extension of Credit, (c) if caused by a Credit Party or as a result of any acceleration of the Loans by reason of a Default or Event of Default, the prepayment of an IBOR Loan on a day which is not the last day of the Interest Period with respect thereto, or (d) if caused by a Credit Party or required by the Requisite Lenders pursuant to Section 2.02(d), the Conversion of any Dollar LIBOR Loan to a Base Rate Loan or the replacement of any Foreign Currency Loan with a Foreign Currency Loan with an Interest Period of one month; including any such loss or
 
expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain its IBOR Loans hereunder or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained. Solely for purposes of calculating amounts payable by any Borrower to a Lender under this Section, each IBOR Loan (and each related reserve, special deposit or similar requirement) shall be conclusively deemed to have been funded at IBOR used in determining IBOR for such IBOR Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the relevant currency in the interbank deposit market for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such IBOR Loan is in fact so funded.
Section 3.06. .
Inability to Determine Rates
If the Requisite Lenders shall have advised the Agent of the Requisite Lenders' determination that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining IBOR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed IBOR Loan or that IBOR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed IBOR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lender of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will forthwith give notice of such determination to the Company. Thereafter, the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain IBOR Loans, as the case may be, hereunder shall be suspended until the Requisite Lenders revoke such notice in writing to the Company and the Administrative Agent; , , that no outstanding IBOR Loan shall be terminated prior to the expiration of the Interest Period unless required by law. Upon receipt of such notice, any Borrower may revoke any Request for Extension of Credit then submitted by it. If the Company does not revoke such notice, any Dollar Loans requested in such notice shall be made, Converted or Continued as Base Rate Loans instead of Dollar LIBOR Loans.
provided
however
Section 3.07. .
Matters Applicable to all Requests for Compensation
(a) No Borrower shall be required to compensate any Lender under Section 3.03 or 3.04 for amounts allocable to any period more than 30 days prior to the date that such Lender initially notifies such Borrower that it intends to claim compensation under such Sections; , , that if such claim relates to any cost or increase that has been retroactively imposed upon such Lender, such Borrower shall be required to compensate such Lender for amounts allocable to the period since the date such cost or increase was so imposed upon such Lender, that such Lender notifies such Borrower that it intends to claim such compensation within 60 days of such retroactive cost or increase having been imposed.
provided
however
provided
(b) The Administrative Agent and any Lender shall provide reasonable detail to the applicable Borrower regarding the manner in which the amount of any payment to the Administrative Agent or that Lender under this Article III has been determined, concurrently with demand for such payment. The Administrative Agent's or any Lender's determination of any amount payable under this Article III shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.
 
(c) For purposes of calculating amounts payable under this Article III any Loans shall be deemed to have been funded at the underlying applicable interest rate set forth in the definition thereof whether or not such Loans was, in fact, so funded.
(d) All obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Commitments and payment in full of all Loans.
(e) Upon (i) any Borrower becoming obligated for any taxes with respect to any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01, (ii) any Lender making a claim for compensation under Section 3.03 or Section 3.04, (iii) any Lender invoking Section 3.06, or (iv) such Lender becoming a Defaulting Lender or a Protesting Lender, such Lender, upon not less than 10 Business Days' Requisite Notice from the applicable Borrower (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), shall execute and deliver a Notice of Assignment and Acceptance covering that Lender's Pro Rata Share in favor of such Eligible Assignee as such Borrower may designate, subject to payment in full by such Eligible Assignee of all principal, interest, compensation, fees and other amounts owing to such Lender through the date of assignment, including without limitation all amounts owing under this Article III. Upon the removal of any Lender, it shall be released from all obligations and liabilities under any Loan Document. An assignment pursuant to this Section shall be governed by the provisions of Section 11.05 other than the Minimum Amount limitation therein contained. Alternatively, the Company may, upon 10 Business Days' notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall notify each Lender) reduce the combined Commitments by an amount equal to that Lender's Pro Rata Share (and, for this purpose, no Minimum Amounts shall apply), and in connection therewith, deliver to the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender, the amounts, described in the first sentence above and release such Lender from its Pro Rata Share.
Section 4.01. .
Conditions Precedent to Effective Date
(a) The effectiveness of the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement is subject to the condition that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the Effective Date all of the following, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and all Requisite Lenders:
(i) . This Agreement executed by the Company, the Guarantor, the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Issuing Bank;
Credit Agreement
(ii) . If requested by a Lender, Notes executed by the Company in favor of such Lender;
Notes
 
(iii) . (A) Copies of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company (or a duly authorized committee thereof) approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be delivered by the Company hereunder, and authorizing the borrowing of the Loans, certified as of the Effective Date by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and (B) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company (x) certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to execute, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to be delivered by the Company hereunder, and (y) designating the officers to be deemed Responsible Officers under this Agreement, and certifying the names and true signature of such Responsible Officers;
Resolutions; Incumbency of the Company
(iv) . (A) Copies of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Guarantor (or a duly authorized committee thereof) approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this Agreement, certified as of the Effective Date by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Guarantor and (B) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Guarantor (x) certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Guarantor authorized to execute, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to be delivered by the Guarantor hereunder, and (y) designating the officers to be deemed Responsible Officers under this Agreement, and certifying the names and true signature of such Responsible Officers;
Resolutions; Incumbency of the Guarantor
(v) . Each of the following documents: (A) the articles or certificate of incorporation of the Company as in effect on the Effective Date, certified by the Secretary of State of the state of incorporation of the Company as of a recent date, and the bylaws of the Company as in effect on the Effective Date, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company as of the Effective Date; and (B) a good standing certificate for the Company from the Secretary of State of Delaware as of a recent date;
Articles of Incorporation; By-Laws and Good Standing of the Company
(vi) . Each of the following documents: (A) the articles or certificate of incorporation of the Guarantor as in effect on the Effective Date, certified by the Secretary of State of the state of incorporation of the Guarantor as of a recent date, and the bylaws of the Guarantor as in effect on the Effective Date, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Guarantor as of the Effective Date; and (B) a good standing certificate for the Guarantor from the Secretary of State of Delaware as of a recent date;
Articles of Incorporation; By-Laws and Good Standing of the Guarantor
(vii) . An opinion of counsel for the Company and the Guarantor (which may be in-house counsel) and addressed to the
Opinion of Counsel
 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders dated as of the Effective Date substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 hereto with such modifications as are reasonably acceptable to the Requisite Lenders;
(viii) . A certificate of a Responsible Officer dated the Effective Date certifying that (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V are true and correct in all material respects, (B) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (C) except as disclosed on Schedules 5.05 and 5.06 hereto, there has occurred since January 31, 2010, no event or circumstance that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
Officer's Certificate
(ix) . Such other approvals, opinions or documents as Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and the Lenders may reasonably request by notice to the Company prior to the Effective Date; and
Other Documents
(x) All fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent on or before the Effective Date shall have been paid and all Attorney Costs of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation of the Loan Documents payable pursuant to Section 11.04, and invoiced to the Company prior to the Effective Date, shall have been paid.
Payment of Fees and Attorney's Costs.
Section 4.02. .
Any Extensions of Credit, Commitment Increase or Extension of Maturity Date
The obligation of each Lender to make any Extension of Credit (other than a Foreign Currency Loan to a Foreign Borrower) and of any Issuing Bank to issue any Letter of Credit, and each Commitment Increase and each extension of the Maturity Date, are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant Credit Date, Increase Date or Extension Date, as the case may be:
(a) . The Administrative Agent shall have timely received a duly completed (i) Request for Extension of Credit by Requisite Notice by the Requisite Time, (ii) LC Request by Requisite Notice by the LC Requisite Time, (iii) request for Commitment Increase or (iv) request for extension of the Maturity Date;
Request for Extension of Credit
(b) . The representations and warranties made by the Company contained in Article V (other than, in the case of a Borrowing or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the representations in Section 5.05(b), 5.09(b) and 5.09(c)) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such Credit Date, Increase Date or Extension Date, as the case may be, with the same effect as if made on and as of such date, except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date; and
Continuation of Representations and Warranties
 
(c) . No Default or Event of Default shall exist or shall result from such Extension of Credit, issuance of such Letter of Credit, Commitment Increase or extension of the Maturity Date.
No Existing Default
Each Request for Extension of Credit, LC Request, request for Commitment Increase and request for extension of the Maturity Date shall constitute a representation and warranty by the Company, as of the date of each such request and as of the Credit Date, Increase Date or Extension Date, as the case may be, that the conditions in this Section 4.02 are satisfied.
Section 4.03. .
Foreign Currency Loans
(a) The effectiveness of any Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement is subject to the condition that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or prior to the date of effectiveness thereof (the "") all of the following, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:
Joinder Effective Date
(i) . A Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement executed by the Company and the applicable Foreign Borrower, together with, in the case of the first Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement under this Agreement, the Company Guaranty executed by the Company;
Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement and Company Guaranty
(ii) . If requested by a Lender, Notes executed by such Foreign Borrower in favor of such Lender;
Notes
(iii) (A) Copies of the resolutions of the board of directors or other governing body of such Foreign Borrower approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by such Foreign Borrower of the Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement and other Loan Documents to be delivered by such Foreign Borrower hereunder, and authorizing the borrowing of the Foreign Currency Loans, certified as of the date of the borrowing of the initial Foreign Currency Loan by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or similar equivalent officer of such Foreign Borrower and (B) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or similar equivalent officer of such Foreign Borrower (x) certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of such Foreign Borrower authorized to execute, deliver and perform the Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement and other Loan Documents to be delivered by the Foreign Borrower hereunder, and (y) designating the officers to be deemed Responsible Officers under this Agreement, and certifying the names and true signatures of such Responsible Officers.
Resolutions, Incumbency of Foreign Borrower.
(iv) . Each of the following documents: (A) the articles or certificate of incorporation or other charter document of such Foreign Borrower as in effect on the Joinder Effective Date, certified, if available, by an appropriate government
Articles of Incorporation; By-Laws and Good Standing of Foreign Borrower
 
agency or similar body of the jurisdiction of incorporation of such Foreign Borrower as of a recent date, and the bylaws or similar equivalent document of such Foreign Borrower as in effect on the Joinder Effective Date, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary or similar equivalent officer of such Foreign Borrower as of the Joinder Effective Date; and (B) a good standing certificate or similar equivalent document for such Foreign Borrower, if available, as of a recent date in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;
(v) . (A) Copies of the resolutions of the board of directors of the Company (or a duly authorized committee thereof) approving and authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Company Guaranty, certified as of the Joinder Effective Date by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company and (B) a certificate of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Company (x) certifying the names and true signatures of the officers of the Company authorized to execute, deliver and perform the Company Guaranty;
Resolutions; Incumbency of the Company
(vi) . An opinion of counsel for such Foreign Borrower (which may be in-house counsel) and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders dated as of the Joinder Effective Date substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 hereto with such modifications as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;
Opinion of Counsel for Foreign Borrower
(vii) . An opinion of counsel for the Company (which may be in-house counsel) and addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders dated as of the Joinder Effective Date substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 hereto with such modifications as are reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent;
Opinion of Counsel for Company
(viii) . Such other approvals, opinions or documents as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request by notice to such Foreign Borrower prior to the Joinder Effective Date, including to comply with "know your customer" or similar identification procedures; and
Other Documents
(ix) All Attorney Costs of the Administrative Agent in connection with such Foreign Loan payable pursuant to Section 11.04, and invoiced to such Foreign Borrower prior to the date of initial borrowing of the Foreign Currency Loan under this Agreement, shall have been paid.
Payment of Attorney's Costs.
(b) The obligation of each Lender to make any Foreign Currency Loan to a Foreign Borrower is subject to effectiveness of a Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement in respect of the applicable Foreign Borrower and the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent on the relevant Credit Date:
 
(i) . The Administrative Agent shall have timely received a duly completed Request for Extension of Credit by the applicable Foreign Borrower for such Foreign Currency Loan by Requisite Notice by the Requisite Time, signed by the Company in acknowledgement of its guaranty of such Foreign Currency Loan pursuant to this Agreement;
Request for Extension of Credit
(ii) . The representations and warranties made by the Company contained in Article V (other than, in the case of a Borrowing or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, the representations in Section 5.05(b) and 5.09(b)) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such Credit Date with the same effect as if made on and as of such date, except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date; , that the representation in Section 5.09(c) shall in each case be deemed to refer only to the Foreign Subsidiary requesting such Extension of Credit; and
Continuation of Representations and Warranties
provided
(iii) . No Default or Event of Default shall exist or shall result from such Extension of Credit.
No Existing Default
Each Request for Extension of Credit for a Foreign Currency Loan to a Foreign Borrower shall constitute a representation and warranty by each Credit Party, as of the date of each such Request and as of the applicable Credit Date that the conditions in this Section 4.03 are satisfied.
The Company and, solely to the extent such representation and warranty relates to such Foreign Borrower or its Subsidiaries, each Foreign Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that:
Section 5.01. .
Corporate Existence and Power
Each Credit Party and each of its corporate Significant Subsidiaries: (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation; (b) has the corporate power and authority and all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to own its assets, carry on its business and execute, deliver, and perform its obligations, if any, under, the Loan Documents; (c) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation, licensed and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of Property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect; and (d) is in compliance with every Requirement of Law except where such noncompliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Foreign Borrower is, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, wholly-owned by the Company; and no Foreign Borrower is
 
organized under the laws of any State of the United States of America or in the District of Columbia.
Section 5.02. .
Corporate Authorization; No Contravention
The execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of each Loan Document to which it is a party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and do not and will not: (a) contravene the terms of any of its Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, any document evidencing any material Contractual Obligation to which it is a party or any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority to which it or its Property is subject; or (c) violate any Requirement of Law applicable to it.
Section 5.03. .
Governmental Authorization
No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by any Credit Party of any Loan Document to which it is a party, other than routine filings required to be made by it in the Ordinary Course of Business after the Effective Date.
Section 5.04. .
Binding Effect
Each Loan Document to which any Credit Party is a party constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of each such Credit Party, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors' rights generally or by equitable principles relating to enforceability.
Section 5.05. .
Litigation
There are no actions, suits, investigations, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or to the best of the company's knowledge, threatened, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, against any Credit Party, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Properties which: (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement, or any other Loan Document, or any of the Transactions; or (b) except as disclosed on Schedule 5.05, could reasonably be expected to result in an adverse decision which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No injunction, writ, temporary restraining order or any order of any nature has been issued by any court or other Governmental Authority against any Credit Party purporting to enjoin or restrain the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or directing that the Transactions not be consummated as herein or therein provided.
Section 5.06. .
No Event of Default
 
(a) No Event of Default exists or would result from the incurring of any Obligations by any Credit Party.
(b) Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.06, neither any Credit Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation in any respect which, individually or together with all such defaults, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.07. .
Regulations T, U and X
Neither any of the Letters of Credit outstanding hereunder nor the proceeds of any Loan hereunder will be used, in whole or in part, to purchase or carry, or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying, any Margin Stock in violation of Regulations T, U and X.
Section 5.08. .
Taxes
Each Credit Party and its Subsidiaries have filed all material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their Properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP.
Section 5.09. .
Financial Condition
(a) The audited consolidated financial statements of financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows as of and for the Fiscal Year ended January 31, 2010: (A) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (B) are complete and accurate in all material respects and fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period covered thereby.
(b) Since January 31, 2010, there has been no Material Adverse Effect.
(c) Each Foreign Borrower is "solvent" within the meaning given such term or similar terms under laws applicable to such Person, if any, prohibiting such Person from borrowing the Loan from the Lenders requested by or outstanding to such Person or prohibiting the Lenders from making such Loan to such Person (or any such laws that limit or restrict the Lenders' rights to enforce their rights and remedies under both this Agreement and the Company Guaranty) on account of such Person's financial condition at the time such Loan is made.
Section 5.10. .
Environmental Matters
 
To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of any Credit Party, the on-going operations of each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries comply in all respects with all Environmental Laws, except such non-compliance which would not reasonably be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of any Credit Party, each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained all licenses, permits, authorizations and registrations required under any Environmental Law ("Environmental Permits") necessary for its ordinary course operations, all such Environmental Permits are in good standing, and each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all material terms and conditions of such Environmental Permits, except where the failure to obtain or maintain such Environmental Permits or such noncompliance would not be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.11. .
Subsidiaries
As of the Effective Date, the Company has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed on Schedule 5.11.
Section 5.12. .
[Reserved]
Section 5.13. .
Full Disclosure
Each Credit Party has made available, through the reports and other filings made by such Credit Party under the Exchange Act or Securities Act or through the Administrative Agent, to the Lenders all material agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject and all reports or other filings made by such Credit Party under the Exchange Act or Securities Act, and disclosed, through the reports and other filings made by such Credit Party under the Exchange Act or Securities Act or otherwise, all other matters known to it that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Information Memorandum nor any of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information certified as being true and correct by or on behalf of any Credit Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other information so certified) contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, taken as a whole and in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to projected financial information, the Company represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time.
Section 5.14. .
Investment Company Act
No Credit Party is required to be registered as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
 
Section 5.15. .
Title to Properties
(a) Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real Property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for Liens permitted by Section 7.01 and for such defects in title as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(b) Each Credit Party and each of its Subsidiaries owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof by such Credit Party and its Subsidiaries does not infringe upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements that, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 5.16. .
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List
None of the Credit Parties or the Subsidiaries of the Credit Parties are identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets, Department of the Treasury, and/or on any other similar list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control pursuant to any authorizing statute, executive order or regulation or is a person with whom a citizen of the United States is prohibited to engage in transactions by any trade embargo, economic sanction or other prohibition of United States law, regulation or Executive Order of the President of the United States.
So long as any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or fee due hereunder remains unpaid, or any portion of the Commitments remains in force:
Section 6.01. .
Financial Statements
The Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, with sufficient copies for each Lender or via electronic image:
(a) as soon as available, but not later than 90 days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related statements of income and cash flows for such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, and accompanied by the opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP or another nationally-recognized independent public accounting firm which report shall state that such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods indicated in conformity with
 
GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years. Such opinion shall not be qualified or limited because of a restricted or limited examination by such accountant of any material portion of the Company's or any Subsidiary's records; and
(b) as soon as available, but not later than 50 days after the end of each of the first three Fiscal Quarters of each year, a copy of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such quarter and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the period commencing on the first day and ending on the last day of such quarter, setting forth the financial position and the results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments.
Section 6.02. .
Certificates; Other Information
The Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, with sufficient copies for each Lender or via electronic image:
(a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and 6.01(b) a Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer; and
(b) promptly, such additional business, financial, corporate affairs and other information in form and detail satisfactory to the Agent and the Requisite Lenders as the Administrative Agent, at the request of any Lender, may from time to time reasonably request.
Section 6.03. .
Notices
Promptly upon a Responsible Officer of any Credit Party becoming aware of the same, such Credit Party shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent (who shall notify each Lender)
(a) of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;
(b) of any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension which may exist at any time between such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any Governmental Authority or any Person which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
(c) upon, but in no event later than 10 days after, a Responsible Officer becoming aware of (i) any and all enforcement, cleanup, removal or other governmental or regulatory actions instituted, completed or threatened against any Credit Party, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective Properties pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws, and (ii) any other material Environmental Claims, which
 
in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
(d) any public announcement of any change in the Pricing Ratings.
Each notice pursuant to this Section shall be accompanied by a written statement by a Responsible Officer of the applicable Credit Party setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein, and stating what action (if any is required) the Credit Parties propose to take with respect thereto.
Section 6.04.
Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause its Significant Subsidiaries to, (a) preserve and maintain in full force and effect its corporate existence and good standing under the laws of its state or jurisdiction of incorporation and (b) preserve and maintain in full force and effect all rights, privileges, qualifications, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business the non-preservation of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; that nothing herein shall prevent a consolidation or merger of such Credit Party or any of its Significant Subsidiaries to the extent permitted by the provisions of Section 7.03.
provided
Section 6.05. .
Maintenance of Property
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Significant Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all its Property which is used or useful in its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, in such Credit Party's reasonable judgment the non-maintenance or non-preservation of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; that nothing in this Section shall require the making of any repair or replacement of or to any particular Property that would not be required in the exercise of sound business judgment.
provided
Section 6.06. .
Insurance
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain with financially sound and reputable independent insurers, insurance with respect to its Properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons; including workers' compensation insurance, public liability and Property and casualty insurance; that such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries may self-insure to the extent that it maintains adequate reserves therefor and self-insurance is customary and prudent in its business judgment.
provided
Section 6.07. .
Compliance with Laws
 
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with any Requirement of Law of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or its business (including the Federal Fair Labor Standards Act), except such Requirement of Law the non-compliance with which would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 6.08. .
Inspection of Property and Books and Records
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of such Credit Party and such Subsidiaries. Each Credit Party shall permit, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to permit, representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to visit and inspect any of their respective Properties, to examine their respective corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective directors, officers, and independent public accountants ( that such Credit Party may, if it chooses, be present at any such discussions) at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to such Credit Party; that the foregoing shall be subject to compliance with applicable security regulations of any Governmental Authority and shall not require any Credit Party to permit inspection of any Properties or financial or operating records to an extent that would require such Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries to reveal any of its trade secrets, research data or proprietary information which its management in good faith believes to be irrelevant to this Agreement.
provided
provided
Section 6.09. .
Environmental Laws
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its operations and keep and maintain its Properties in compliance with all Environmental Laws, except for such non-compliance as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 6.10. .
Use of Proceeds
The Credit Parties shall use the proceeds for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes of the applicable Borrower and its Subsidiaries and not in contravention of any Requirement of Law.
Section 6.11. .
Regulatory Approvals
Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its subsidiaries to, maintain all material licenses, permits, authorizations and regulatory approvals necessary to own and operate facilities and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations,
 
except for such non-maintenance or non-compliance as would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Section 6.12. .
Transactions with Officers, Directors and Affiliates
(a) No Credit Party shall, and each Credit Party shall cause each of its Subsidiaries not to, engage in transactions with their respective officers and directors other than on an arms-length basis.
(b) Each Credit Party shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, exercise reasonable business judgment in entering in transactions with their Affiliates.
So long as any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or fee due hereunder remains unpaid, or any portion of the Commitments remains in force, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly:
Section 7.01. .
Liens, Negative Pledges
(a) Make, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, or permit the Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company to make, crease, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with respect to any of their respective Properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or upon any income or profits therefrom, in order to secure any of its Indebtedness, except:
(i) Liens existing as of the Effective Date;
(ii) Liens granted after the Effective Date created in favor of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders;
(iii) Liens securing Indebtedness which are incurred to extend, renew or refinance Indebtedness which is secured by Liens permitted to be incurred hereunder so long as such Liens are limited to all or part of substantially the same Property which secured the Liens extended, renewed or replaced and the amount of Indebtedness secured is not increased (other than by the amount equal to any costs and expenses (including any premiums, fees or penalties) incurred in connection with any extension, renewal or refinancing); and
(iv) Permitted Liens.
(b) Notwithstanding Section 7.01(a), the Company, the Guarantor and any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries may create or incur Liens which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 7.01(a), if after giving effect
 
thereto, its Aggregate [Basket] Debt does not exceed 15% of its Consolidated Net Worth calculated as of the date of the creation or incurrence of the Lien.
Section 7.02.
Limitation on Sale and Lease-Back Transactions
(a) Enter into, or permit the Guarantor or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company to enter into, any sale and lease-back transaction for the sale and leasing back of any Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, unless:
(i) such transaction was entered into prior to the Effective Date;
(ii) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries of any Property by one of the Company's Subsidiaries;
(iii) such transaction was for the sale and leasing back to the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries of any Property by any domestic or foreign government agency in connection with pollution control, industrial revenue, private activity bonds or similar financing;
(iv) such transaction involves a lease for less than three years;
(v) the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries would be entitled to incur Indebtedness secured by a mortgage on the Property to be leased in an amount equal to the Attributable Liens with respect to such sale and lease-back transaction; or
(vi) the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries applies an amount equal to the fair value of the Property sold to the purchase of Property or to the retirement of its long-term Indebtedness within 365 days of the effective date of any such sale and lease-back transaction.
(b) Notwithstanding Section 7.02(a), the Company, the Guarantor or any of the Company's Significant Subsidiaries may enter into any sale and lease-back transaction which would otherwise be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 7.02(a) if, after giving effect thereto and at the time of determination, its Aggregate [Basket] Debt does not exceed 15% of its Consolidated Net Worth calculated as of the closing date of the sale and lease-back transaction.
Section 7.03. .
Mergers; Dispositions
Sell or otherwise transfer, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to, sell or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any other Person, and the Company will not consolidate or merge with or into any other Person unless the Company shall be the continuing or surviving corporation.
 
Section 7.04. .
Synthetic Leases
Create, incur, assume, suffer to exist, or otherwise be liable, directly or indirectly, with respect to, any Synthetic Leases or permit any of its Significant Subsidiaries to do so, except for Synthetic Leases related to tangible Property having a value (determined at the time of each transaction) not exceeding $300,000,000 in aggregate amount at any time.
Section 7.05. .
Interest Coverage Ratio
The Company shall maintain, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, an Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than 3.5 to 1.0 for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, commencing with the four fiscal quarters ended January 31, 2011.
Section 7.06. .
Ratio of Consolidated Funded Debt to EBITDA
The Company shall maintain, as of the last day of any Fiscal Quarter, a ratio of Consolidated Funded Debt to EBITDA of not more than 3.00 to 1.00 for each period of four consecutive fiscal quarters then ended, commencing with the four fiscal quarters ended January 31, 2011.
Section 7.07. .
Accounting Changes
Make, or permit any of its Significant Subsidiaries to make, any significant change in accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required or permitted by GAAP, or, unless notice has been provided to the Administrative Agent, change the Fiscal Year of the Company or any of its Significant Subsidiaries.
Section 7.08. .
Change in Nature of Business
Make any material change in the nature of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than any business substantially related or incidental thereto.
Section 7.09. .
Hedging Agreements
Enter into, or permit any of its Significant Subsidiaries to enter into, any Hedging Agreement, other than Hedging Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, is exposed in the conduct of its business or management of its assets or liabilities.
 
Section 8.01. .
Events of Default
The existence or occurrence of any one or more of the following events, whatever the reason therefor and under any circumstances whatsoever, shall constitute an Event of Default:
(a) . Any Credit Party fails to pay, (i) within one day after the same shall become due any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within five days after the same shall become due, any interest on any Loan, fee or any other amount payable hereunder or pursuant to any other Loan Document; or
Non-Payment
(b) . Any material representation or warranty by any Credit Party made or deemed made herein, in any Loan Document, or which is contained in any certificate, document or financial or other statement by any Credit Party, any of its Subsidiaries, or their respective Responsible Officers, furnished at any time under this Agreement, or in or under any Loan Document, shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made; or
Representation or Warranty
(c) . Any Credit Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.04(a), or the Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 6.03(a), 7.03, 7.05 or 7.06; or
Specific Defaults
(d) . Any Credit Party fails to perform any other term, covenant or agreement contained in any Loan Document not specifically mentioned in this Section 8.01 and, such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after notice by the Administrative Agent thereof; that if the default in question is capable of being cured and throughout the grace period the applicable Credit Party has been diligent in its pursuit of a remedy in respect of the default in question and has notified the Administrative Agent on or prior to the expiration of such grace period of the remedy and the actions being taken by such Credit Party, then such Credit Party shall have an additional period of 30 days to remedy such default; or
Other Defaults
provided
(e) . Any of the Company, its Subsidiaries or any other Credit Party (i) fail to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness (not including non-recourse Indebtedness) owing to any Person (other than the Obligations hereunder) when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) having an aggregate principal amount (including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $100,000,000, and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt; or (ii) fail to perform or observe any other condition or covenant, or any other event shall occur or condition exist,
Cross Default
 
under any agreement or instrument relating to any such Indebtedness having an aggregate principal amount (including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than $100,000,000 and such failure shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt, if the effect of such failure, event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause such Indebtedness to be declared to be due and payable prior to its stated maturity, provided that this clause (ii) shall not apply to Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness; or
(f) . Any Credit Party or Significant Subsidiary of the Company (i) generally fails to pay, or admit in writing its inability to pay, its debts as they become due, subject to applicable grace periods, if any, whether at stated maturity or otherwise; (ii) voluntarily ceases to conduct its business in the ordinary course; (iii) commence any Insolvency Proceeding with respect to itself; or (iv) take any action to effectuate or authorize any of the foregoing; or
Insolvency; Voluntary Proceedings
(g) . (i) Any involuntary Insolvency Proceeding is commenced or filed against any Credit Party or Significant Subsidiary of the Company, or any writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process, in each case relating to an Insolvency Proceeding, is issued or levied against a substantial part of any Credit Party's or any such Significant Subsidiary's Properties, and any such proceeding or petition shall not be dismissed, or such writ, judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process shall not be released, vacated or fully bonded within 60 days after commencement, filing or levy; (ii) any Credit Party or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company admits the material allegations of a petition against it in any Insolvency Proceeding, or an order for relief (or similar order under non-U.S. law) is ordered in any Insolvency Proceeding; or (iii) any Credit Party or any Significant Subsidiary of the Company acquiesces in the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, mortgagee in possession (or agent therefor), or other similar Person for itself or a substantial portion of its Property or business; or
Involuntary Proceedings
(h) . A Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates shall incur, or shall be reasonably likely to incur liability in excess of $100,000,000 in the aggregate as a result of one or more of the following: (i) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (ii) the partial or complete withdrawal of a Credit Party or any of its ERISA Affiliates from a Multiemployer Plan; or (iii) the reorganization or termination of a Multiemployer Plan or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is "insolvent" or in "endangered" or "critical" status within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA; or
ERISA
(i) . One or more final (non-interlocutory) judgments, orders or decrees shall be entered against any of the Company any of its Subsidiaries or any other Credit Party, involving in the aggregate a liability (not fully
Monetary Judgments
 
covered by independent third-party insurance and for which the relevant insurer has not denied liability) as to any single or related series of transactions, incidents or conditions, of $100,000,000 or more, and the same shall remain unsatisfied, unvacated and unstayed pending appeal for a period of 30 days after the entry thereof or such later time as may be provided for the filing of an appeal; or
(j) . (i) Any Person (other than a Plan or Plans) or two or more Persons (other than a Plan or Plans) acting in concert shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company (or other securities convertible into such securities) representing 40% or more of the combined voting power of all securities of the Company entitled to vote in the election of directors, other than securities having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency; (ii) individuals who at the beginning of any two year period constituted the Board of Directors of the Company cease for any reasons (other than due to death or disability) to constitute a majority of the directors then in office (except to the extent that individuals who were directors at the beginning of such two year period were subsequently replaced by individuals (x) elected by a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors of the Company or (y) nominated for election by a majority of the remaining members of the Board of Directors of the Company and thereafter elected as directors by the shareholders of the Company), or (iii) any Foreign Borrower ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Company at any time when Foreign Currency Loans to such Foreign Borrower are outstanding; or
Change in Control
(k) . Any provision of Article X or the Company Guaranty for any reason other than satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Guarantor or the Company contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of Article X or the Company Guaranty, respectively; or the Guarantor or the Company denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any provision of Article X or the Company Guaranty, respectively, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision thereof.
Repudiation of Guaranties
Section 8.02. .
Remedies Upon Event of Default
Without limiting any other rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, or the other Loan Documents, or by any Requirement of Law, or in equity, or otherwise:
(a) Upon the occurrence, and during the continuance, of any Event of Default other than an Event of Default described in Section 8.01(f)(iii) or 8.01(g) in respect of the Company or the Guarantor,
(i) the Requisite Lenders may request the Administrative Agent to, and the Administrative Agent thereupon shall, terminate the Commitments and/or declare all or any part of the unpaid principal of all Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, all obligations relating to the LC Exposure at such time and all
 
other amounts payable under the Loan Documents to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon the same shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without protest, presentment, notice of dishonor, demand or further notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by such Credit Party; and
(ii) on the Business Day that the Company receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Requisite Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated pursuant to clause (i) above, Lenders with LC Exposure representing 51% or more of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this clause (ii), the Company shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to the LC Exposure as of such date, which amount shall be applied as provided in Section 8.02(f).
(b) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.01(f)(iii) or 8.01(g) in respect of the Company or the Guarantor,
(i) the Commitments and all other obligations of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and all rights of any Credit Party under the Loan Documents shall terminate without notice to or demand upon such Credit Party, which are expressly waived by such Credit Party and the unpaid principal of all Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, all obligations relating to the LC Exposure at such time and all other amounts payable under the Loan Documents shall be forthwith due and payable, without protest, presentment, notice of dishonor, demand or further notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by any Credit Party; and
(ii) the Company shall forthwith deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders, an amount in cash equal to the LC Exposure, which amount shall be immediately due and payable, without protest, presentment, notice of dishonor, demand or further notice of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by any Credit Party, and shall be applied as provided in Section 8.02(f).
(c) Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Requisite Lenders, or may with the consent of the Requisite Lenders, without notice to (except as expressly provided for in any Loan Document) or demand upon any Credit Party, which are expressly waived by any Credit Party (except as to notices expressly provided for in any Loan Document), proceed to protect, exercise and enforce the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Loan Documents against any Credit Party and such other rights and remedies as are provided by Requirement of Law or equity.
(d) The rights provided for in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights, powers, privileges or
 
remedies provided by law or in equity, or under any other instrument, document or agreement not existing or hereafter arising.
(e) The order and manner in which the Lenders' rights and remedies are to be exercised shall be determined by the Requisite Lenders in their sole discretion, and all payments received by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, or any of them, shall be applied first to the costs and expenses (including reasonable Attorneys Costs incurred by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders), and thereafter paid to the Lenders in the same proportions that the aggregate Obligations owed to each Lender under the Loan Documents bear to the aggregate Obligations owed under the Loan Documents to all the Lenders, without priority or preference among the Lenders. Regardless of how each Lender may treat payments for the purpose of its own accounting, for the purpose of computing any Credit Party's Obligations hereunder, payments shall be applied first, to the costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as set forth above, second, to the payment of accrued and unpaid interest due under any Loan Documents to and including the date of such application (ratably, and without duplication, according to the accrued and unpaid interest due under each of the Loan Documents), and third, to the payment of all other amounts (including principal and fees) then owing to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents. No application of payments will cure any Event of Default, or prevent acceleration, or continued acceleration, of amounts payable under the Loan Documents, or prevent the exercise, or continued exercise, of rights or remedies of the Lenders hereunder or thereunder or under any Requirement of Law or in equity.
pro rata
(f) Cash collateral deposited with the Administrative Agent as provided in Section 2.13(e) or upon the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (ii) of Section 8.02(a) or clause (ii) of Section 8.02(b) shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Company under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over funds so deposited and shall invest and reinvest such funds in short-term instruments in the manner and to the extent the Administrative Agent deems consistent with the use of such funds as collateral for the performance of the Company's obligations hereunder. Other than any interest earned on the investment or reinvestment of such funds in accordance with the preceding sentence, all investment and reinvestment shall be made at the Company's risk and expense and the cash collateral deposited shall not bear interest for the account of the company. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Company for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 51% of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Company under this Agreement. If the Company is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the
 
occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Company within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived.
Section 9.01. .
Appointment and Authority
Each Lender hereby irrevocably appoints Citibank, N.A. to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and neither the Company nor any other Credit Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions.
Section 9.02. .
Administrative Agent Individually
(a) The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term "Lender" or "Lenders" shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries or other Affiliates as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lender.
(b) Each Lender understands that the Person serving as Administrative Agent, acting in its individual capacity, and its Affiliates (collectively, the "") are engaged in a wide range of financial services and businesses (including investment management, financing, securities trading, corporate and investment banking and research) (such services and businesses are collectively referred to in this Section 9.02 as "") and may engage in the Activities with or on behalf of one or more of the Credit Parties or their respective Affiliates. Furthermore, the Agent's Group may, in undertaking the Activities, engage in trading in financial products or undertake other investment businesses for its own account or on behalf of others (including the Credit Parties and their Affiliates and including holding, for its own account or on behalf of others, equity, debt and similar positions in the Company or another Credit Party or their respective Affiliates), including trading in or holding long, short or derivative positions in securities, loans or other financial products of one or more of the Credit Parties or their
Agent's Group
Activities
 
Affiliates. Each Lender understands and agrees that in engaging in the Activities, the Agent's Group may receive or otherwise obtain information concerning the Credit Parties or their Affiliates (including information concerning the ability of the Credit Parties to perform their respective obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) which information may not be available to any of the Lenders that are not members of the Agent's Group. None of the Administrative Agent nor any member of the Agent's Group shall have any duty to disclose to any Lender or use on behalf of the Lenders, and shall not be liable for the failure to so disclose or use, any information whatsoever about or derived from the Activities or otherwise (including any information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof) or to account for any revenue or profits obtained in connection with the Activities, except that the Administrative Agent shall deliver or otherwise make available to each Lender such documents as are expressly required by any Loan Document to be transmitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders.
(c) Each Lender further understands that there may be situations where members of the Agent's Group or their respective customers (including the Credit Parties and their Affiliates) either now have or may in the future have interests or take actions that may conflict with the interests of any one or more of the Lenders (including the interests of the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents). Each Lender agrees that no member of the Agent's Group is or shall be required to restrict its activities as a result of the Person serving as Administrative Agent being a member of the Agent's Group, and that each member of the Agent's Group may undertake any Activities without further consultation with or notification to any Lender. None of (i) this Agreement nor any other Loan Document, (ii) the receipt by the Agent's Group of information (including Information) concerning the Credit Parties or their Affiliates (including information concerning the ability of the Credit Parties to perform their respective obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents) nor (iii) any other matter shall give rise to any fiduciary, equitable or contractual duties (including without limitation any duty of trust or confidence) owing by the Administrative Agent or any member of the Agent's Group to any Lender including any such duty that would prevent or restrict the Agent's Group from acting on behalf of customers (including the Credit Parties or their Affiliates) or for its own account.
Section 9.03. .
Duties of Administrative Agent; Exculpatory Provisions
(a) The Administrative Agent's duties hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are solely ministerial and administrative in nature and the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, but shall be required to act or refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or refraining from acting) upon the written direction of the Requisite Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the
 
Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law.
provided
(b) The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it (i) with the consent or at the request of the Requisite Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 11.01 or 8.02) or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or the event or events that give or may give rise to any Default or Event of Default unless and until the Borrower or any Lender shall have given notice to the Administrative Agent describing such Default or Event of Default and such event or events.
(c) Neither the Administrative Agent nor any member of the Agent's Group shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty, representation or other information made or supplied in or in connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document or the Information Memorandum, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith or the adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of the information contained therein, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the perfection or priority of any Lien or security interest created or purported to be created hereby or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than (but subject to the foregoing clause (ii)) to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent.
(d) Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall require the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties to carry out any "know your customer" or other checks in relation to any person on behalf of any Lender and each Lender confirms to the Administrative Agent that it is solely responsible for any such checks it is required to carry out and that it may not rely on any statement in relation to such checks made by the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties.
Section 9.04. .
Reliance by Administrative Agent
The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have
 
been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless an officer of the Administrative Agent responsible for the transactions contemplated hereby shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance or the issuance of such Letter of Credit, and in the case of a Borrowing, such Lender shall not have made available to the Administrative Agent such Lender's ratable portion of such Borrowing. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower or any other Credit Party), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
Section 9.05. .
Delegation of Duties
The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. Each such sub-agent and the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and each such sub-agent shall be entitled to the benefits of all provisions of this Article IX and Section 11.04 (as though such sub-agents were the "Administrative Agent" under the Loan Documents) as if set forth in full herein with respect thereto.
Section 9.06. .
Indemnification
Each Lender shall, ratably in accordance with its Pro Rata Share (if the Commitments are then in effect) or in accordance with its proportion of the aggregate outstanding Loans (if the Commitments have then been terminated), indemnify and hold the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, directors, officers, agents, employees and attorneys harmless against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (including, without limitation, Attorneys Costs that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against it or them in any way relating to or arising out of the Loan Documents (other than Loan losses incurred by reason of the failure of any Credit Party to pay the Loans) or any action taken or not taken by it as Administrative Agent thereunder, except such as result from its own gross negligence or willful misconduct, that such indemnified liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or against any of its Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors acting for the
provided
 
Administrative Agent in its capacity as Administrative Agent. Without limitation on the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse the Administrative Agent upon demand for that Lender's Pro Rata Share of any out-of-pocket cost or expense incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery, amendment, waiver, restructuring, reorganization (including a bankruptcy reorganization), enforcement or attempted enforcement of the Loan Documents, to the extent that any Credit Party is required by Section 11.04 to pay that cost or expense but fails to do so upon demand. Nothing in this Section 9.06 shall entitle the Administrative Agent to recover any amount from the Lenders if and to the extent that such amount has theretofore been recovered from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. To the extent that the Administrative Agent is later reimbursed such cost or expense by any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries, it shall return the amounts paid to it by the Lenders in respect of such cost or expense.
Section 9.07. .
Resignation of Administrative Agent
The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Requisite Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower if no Event of Default is continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in New York, New York. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Requisite Lenders with the consent of the Borrower if no Event of Default is continuing, and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (such 30-day period, the ""), then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above. In addition and without any obligation on the part of the retiring Administrative Agent to appoint, on behalf of the Lenders, a successor Administrative Agent, the retiring Administrative Agent may at any time upon or after the end of the Lender Appointment Period notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted appointment as successor Administrative Agent and the effective date of such retiring Administrative Agent's resignation. Upon the resignation effective date established in such notice and regardless of whether a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed and accepted such appointment, the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation shall nonetheless become effective and (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Requisite Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this paragraph. Upon the acceptance of a successor's appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties as Administrative Agent of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations as Administrative Agent hereunder or under the other Loan
Lender Appointment Period
 
Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this paragraph). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent's resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while the retiring Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent.
Section 9.08. .
Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders
(a) Each Lender confirms to the Administrative Agent, each other Lender and each of their respective Related Parties that it (i) possesses (individually or through its Related Parties) such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable, without reliance on the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, of evaluating the merits and risks (including tax, legal, regulatory, credit, accounting and other financial matters) of (x) entering into this Agreement, (y) making Extensions of Credit hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and (z) in taking or not taking actions hereunder and thereunder, (ii) is financially able to bear such risks and (iii) has determined that entering into this Agreement and making Extensions of Credit hereunder and under the other Loan Documents is suitable and appropriate for it.
(b) Each Lender acknowledges that (i) it is solely responsible for making its own independent appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (ii) that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, made its own appraisal and investigation of all risks associated with, and its own credit analysis and decision to enter into, this Agreement based on such documents and information, as it has deemed appropriate and (iii) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or any of their respective Related Parties, continue to be solely responsible for making its own appraisal and investigation of all risks arising under or in connection with, and its own credit analysis and decision to take or not take action under, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, which may include, in each case:
(i) the financial condition, status and capitalization of the Company and each other Credit Party;
(ii) the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy or enforceability of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Loan Document;
 
(iii) determining compliance or non-compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of an Advance, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit and the form and substance of all evidence delivered in connection with establishing the satisfaction of each such condition;
(iv) the adequacy, accuracy and/or completeness of the Information Memorandum and any other information delivered by the Administrative Agent, any other Lender or by any of their respective Related Parties under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or any other agreement, arrangement or document entered into, made or executed in anticipation of, under or in connection with any Loan Document.
Section 9.09. .
Documentation Agent; Syndication Agent
None of the Persons identified on the facing page or signature pages of this Agreement as a Co-Documentation Agent, Syndication Agent or Joint Bookrunner and Lead Arranger shall have any right, power, obligation, liability or responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to such Persons in their capacities as Lenders, if any. Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Persons so identified shall have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relations with any Lender. Each Lender acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on any of the Persons so identified in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking any action hereunder.
Section 10.01. .
Guaranty
The Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guaranties, as primary obligor and joint and several co-debtor and not merely as a surety, the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of all Obligations of each of the Borrowers (the ""), and the Guarantor further agrees to pay the expenses which may be paid or incurred by any Guarantied Party in collecting any or all of the Borrower Obligations and enforcing any rights under this Guaranty or under the Borrower Obligations in accordance with the Credit Agreement. This Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect until the Borrower Obligations (other than any contingent indemnity or expense reimbursement obligations) are paid in full and all Commitments are terminated.
Borrower Obligations
Section 10.02. .
Waiver of Subrogation
Notwithstanding any payment or payments made by the Guarantor (or any setoff or application of funds of the Guarantor by any Guarantied Party) in respect of unpaid Borrower Obligations of any Borrower, the Guarantor shall not be entitled to be subrogated to any of the rights of any Guarantied Party against such Borrower or any
 
collateral security or guaranty or right to offset held by any Guarantied Party for the payment of such Borrower Obligations, nor shall the Guarantor seek reimbursement from any such Borrower in respect of payments made by the Guarantor hereunder, in each case until such time as (i) all Borrower Obligations (other than any contingent indemnity or expense reimbursement obligations) of such Borrower shall have been paid in full and (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.
Section 10.03.
Modification of Borrower Obligations.
The Guarantor hereby consents that, without the necessity of any reservation of rights against the Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by the Guarantor, any demand for payment of the Borrower Obligations made by any Guarantied Party may be rescinded by such Guarantied Party, and the Borrower Obligations continued, and the Borrower Obligations, or the liability of any other party upon or for any part thereof, or any collateral security or guaranty therefor or right of offset with respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived, surrendered or released by any Guarantied Party, and that this Agreement, any Notes, and the other Loan Documents, including without limitation, any collateral security document or other guaranty or document in connection therewith may be amended, modified, supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Guarantied Parties may deem advisable from time to time, and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any collateral security or guaranty or right of offset at any time held by any Guarantied Party, for the payment of the Borrower Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered or released, all without the necessity of any reservation of rights against the Guarantor and without notice to or further assent by the Guarantor which, to the fullest extent permitted by law, will remain bound hereunder notwithstanding any such renewal, extension, modification, acceleration, compromise, amendment, supplement, termination, sale, exchange, waiver, surrender or release. No Guarantied Party shall have any obligation to protect, secure, perfect or insure any collateral security document or property subject thereto at any time held as security for the Borrower Obligations. When making any demand hereunder against the Guarantor, any Guarantied Party may, but shall be under no obligation to, make a similar demand on any other party or any other guarantor and any failure by any Guarantied Party to make such demand or to collect any payments from any Credit Party or any such other guarantor shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, relieve the Guarantor of its obligations or liabilities hereunder, and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, not impair of affect the rights and remedies, express or implied, or as a matter of law, of any Guarantied Party, against the Guarantor. For the purposes of this Section "demand" shall include the commencement and continuance of legal proceedings.
Section 10.04.
Waiver of the Guarantor.
The Guarantor waives the benefits of division and discussion and any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of the Borrower Obligations, and
 
notice of proof of reliance by any Guarantied Party upon this Guaranty or acceptance of this Guaranty, and the Borrower Obligations, and any of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted, continued or incurred in reliance upon this Guaranty, and all dealings between the Guarantor and any Guarantied Party shall likewise be conclusively presumed to have been had or consummated in reliance upon this Guaranty. The Guarantor waives diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of default or nonpayment to or upon the relevant Borrower or the Guarantor with respect to the relevant Borrower Obligations. This Guaranty shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be construed as continuing absolute and unconditional guaranty of payment without regard to the validity, regularity or enforceability of this Agreement, any Note, or any other Loan Document, including, without limitation, any collateral security or guaranty therefor or right to offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time held by any Guarantied Party and without regard to any defense, setoff or counterclaim which may at any time be available to or may be asserted by any Credit Party against the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, or any other Person, or by any other circumstance whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of any Credit Party) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute, an equitable or legal discharge of any Credit Party for any of its Borrower Obligations, or of the Guarantor under this Guaranty in bankruptcy or in any other instance, and the obligations and liabilities of the Guarantor hereunder shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the pursuit by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any other Person at any time of any right or remedy against any Borrower or against any other Person which may be or become liable in respect of any Borrower Obligations or against any collateral security or guaranty therefor or right to offset with respect thereto. This Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and be binding in accordance with and to the extent of its terms upon the Guarantor and its successors and assigns thereof, and shall inure to the benefit of the Guarantied Parties and their successors, indorsees, tranferees and assigns, until the Borrower Obligations shall have been satisfied in full and the Commitments shall be terminated.
Section 10.05.
Reinstatement.
This Guaranty shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Borrower Obligations is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by any Guarantied Party upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the Guarantor or any Borrower or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, the Guarantor, any Borrower or any substantial party of their respective property, or otherwise, all as though such payments had not been made.
Section 10.06. .
Continuing Guaranty
This Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and shall be binding on the Guarantor, its successors and assigns until all of the Borrower Obligations (other than
 
any contingent indemnity or expense reimbursement obligations) have been satisfied in full.
Section 11.01. .
Amendments; Consents
No amendment, modification, supplement, extension, termination or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no approval or consent thereunder, and no consent to any departure by any Credit Party therefrom, may in any event be effective unless in writing signed by the Requisite Lenders (and, in the case of any amendment, modification or supplement of or to any Loan Document to which such Credit Party is a party, signed by such Credit Party and, in the case of any amendment, modification or supplement affecting the rights and duties of the Administrative Agent, signed by the Administrative Agent), and then only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose given; and, without the approval in writing of each Lender directly affected thereby, no amendment, modification, supplement, termination, waiver or consent may be effective:
(a) To decrease the principal of, or the amount of principal, principal prepayments or the rate of interest payable on, any Loan, or to increase the amount of the Commitment or the Pro Rata Share of such Lender, or to decrease the amount of any Facility Fee payable to such Lender or any other fee or amount payable to such Lender under the Loan Documents;
(b) To postpone any date fixed for any payment of principal of, prepayment of principal of or any installment of interest on, any Loan or any installment of any Facility Fee or any other fee or amount payable to such Lender under the Loan Documents, or to extend the term of the Commitments;
(c) To amend the provisions of the definition of "Requisite Lenders," Article IV or this Article;
(d) To release the Company from its Obligations under the Company Guaranty, to release the Guarantor from its Obligations under Section 10.01 hereof or to release any Foreign Borrower from its obligations under any Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement in respect of outstanding Foreign Currency Loans; or
(e) To amend any provision of this Agreement that expressly requires the consent or approval of all the Lenders.
Any amendment, modification, supplement, termination, waiver or consent pursuant to this Section shall apply equally to, and shall be binding upon, all the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.
 
Section 11.02. .
Notices
(a) Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Loan Documents and subsection (b) below, all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications provided for therein shall be given by Requisite Notice and shall be effective as follows:
 
, , that notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Article II or IX shall not be effective until actually received by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any Lender shall be entitled to rely and act on any notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Credit Party even if such notice (i) was not made in a manner specified herein, (ii) was incomplete, or (iii) was not preceded or followed by any other notice specified herein or the terms of such notice as understood by the recipient varied from any subsequent related notice provided for herein. The applicable Credit Party shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and any Lender from any loss, cost, expense or liability as a result of relying on any notice permitted herein.
provided
however
(b) So long as Citibank, N.A. or any of its Affiliates is the Administrative Agent, materials required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent in an electronic medium in a format acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders by e-mail at oploanswebadmin@citigroup.com. Each Credit Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may make such materials, as well as any other written information, documents, instruments and other material relating to the Credit Parties, any of their Subsidiaries or any other materials or matters relating to this Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby (collectively, the "") available to the Lenders by posting such notices on Intralinks or a substantially similar electronic system (the ""). The Credit Parties acknowledge that (i) the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure and that there are confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution, (ii) the Platform is provided "as is" and "as available" and (iii) neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its Affiliates warrants the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Communications or the Platform and each expressly
Communications
Platform
 
disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the Communications or the Platform. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Platform.
(c) Each Lender agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) (a "") specifying that any Communications have been posted to the Platform shall constitute effective delivery of such information, documents or other materials to such Lender for purposes of this Agreement; that if requested by any Lender the Administrative Agent shall deliver a copy of the Communications to such Lender by email or telecopier. Each Lender agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing of such Lender's e-mail address to which a Notice may be sent by electronic transmission (including by electronic communication) on or before the date such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record an effective e-mail address for such Lender) and (ii) that any Notice may be sent to such e-mail address.
Notice
provided
Section 11.03. .
No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Lender or the Administrative Agent or any Issuing Bank, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder, shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, powers, privileges and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders provided herein or other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any right, power, privilege or remedy provided by Requirement of Law or equity. The terms and conditions of Article IX are inserted for the sole benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders; the same may be waived in whole or in part, with or without terms or conditions, in respect of any Loan without prejudicing the Administrative Agent's, the Issuing Banks' or the Lenders' rights to assert them in whole or in part in respect of any other Loan.
Section 11.04. .
Costs and Expenses
The Company shall pay, whether or not the Transactions shall be consummated:
(a) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Citibank, N.A. (including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Syndication Agent) in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement or any amendments,
 
modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and
(b) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement during the continuance of a Default or Event of Default, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with Letters of Credit or Loans made hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Letters of Credit or Loans.
Section 11.05. .
Binding Effect; Assignment
(a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which each of the Credit Parties is a party will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Credit Party, the Administrative Agent, each of the Lenders, and their respective successors and assigns, except that (i) no Credit Party may assign its rights hereunder or thereunder or any interest herein or therein without the prior written consent of all the Lenders, and (ii) no Lender may assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Any Lender may at any time pledge its Note or any other instrument evidencing its rights as a Lender under this Agreement, including to a Federal Reserve Bank, but no such pledge shall release that Lender from its obligations hereunder or grant to such Federal Reserve Bank the rights of a Lender hereunder absent foreclosure of such pledge.
(b) From time to time following the Closing Date, each Lender may assign to one or more assignees all or any portion of its Pro Rata Share; that (i) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing such assignee shall be an Eligible Assignee and, if such assignee is not then a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or a CLO, any such assignment shall require the prior written consent of the Company, (ii) any such assignment shall require the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, (iii) any such assignment shall require the written consent of each Issuing Bank, (iv) except in the case of an assignment to an Affiliate of the assigning Lender, to a CLO administered or managed by the assigning Lender or an Affiliate of the assigning Lender, to another Lender or of the entire remaining Commitment of the assigning Lender; the assignment shall not assign a Pro Rata Share which is equivalent to less than the Minimum Amount therefore and (v) in no event shall any assignment be made to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. No consent required by this section 11.05(b) shall be unreasonably withheld or delayed; it being understood that it shall not be deemed unreasonable to withhold such consent if based solely on the desire to avoid the payment of additional costs or taxes. A copy of a Notice of Assignment and Acceptance shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent with respect to any assignment. The effective date of any such assignment shall be as specified in the Notice of Assignment and Acceptance, but not earlier than the date which is five Business Days after the date the Administrative Agent has received the Notice of Assignment and
provided
 
Acceptance. Upon acceptance by the Administrative Agent of such Notice Assignment and Acceptance, the Eligible Assignee named therein shall be a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement, with the Pro Rata Share therein set forth and, to the extent of such Pro Rata Share, the assigning Lender shall be released from its further obligations under this Agreement. Each Credit Party agrees that it shall execute and deliver upon request (against delivery by the assigning Lender to such Credit Party of any Note) to such assignee Lender, one or more Notes evidencing that assignee Lender's Pro Rata Share, and to the assigning Lender if requested, one or more Notes evidencing the remaining balance Pro Rata Share retained by the assigning Lender.
(c) By executing and delivering a Notice of Assignment and Acceptance, the Eligible Assignee thereunder acknowledges and agrees that: (i) other than the representation and warranty that it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pro Rata Share being assigned thereby free and clear of any adverse claim, the assigning Lender has made no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (ii) the assigning Lender has made no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Credit Party or the performance by any Credit Party of the Obligations; (iii) it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance; (iv) it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement; (v) it appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action and to exercise such powers under this Agreement as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by this Agreement; and (vi) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender.
(d) After receipt of a completed Notice of Assignment and Acceptance, and receipt of an assignment fee of $3,500 from such Eligible Assignee, the Administrative Agent shall, promptly following the effective date thereof, provide to the Company and the Lenders a revised Schedule 11.02 giving effect thereto.
(e) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in the United States a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the ""). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all
Register
 
purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.
(f) Each Lender may from time to time grant participations to one or more banks or other financial institutions (including another Lender) in a portion of its Pro Rata Share; , , that (i) such Lender's obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the participating banks or other financial institutions shall not be a Lender hereunder for any purpose except, if the participation agreement so provides, for the purposes of Article III but only to the extent that the cost of such benefits to the Company does not exceed the cost which the Company would have incurred in respect of such Lender absent the participation, (iv) the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender's rights and obligations under this Agreement, (v) the participation shall not restrict an increase in the Commitments or in the granting Lender's Pro Rata Share, so long as the amount of the participation interest is not affected thereby and (vi) the consent of the holder of such participation interest shall not be required for amendments or waivers of provisions of the Loan Documents other than those which (A) extend the Maturity Date as to such participant or any other date upon which any payment of money is due to such participant, (B) reduce the rate of interest owing to such participant, any fee or any other monetary amount owing to such participant or (C) reduce the amount of any installment of principal owing to such participant. A Lender granting a participation in accordance with this clause (e) shall give Requisite Notice to the Company on by executing and delivering a Notice of Participation no later than 5 Business Days after the effective date of such participation. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register in the United States on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant's interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the ""); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.
provided
however
Participant Register
Section 11.06. .
Sharing of Setoffs
 
Each Lender severally agrees that if it, through the exercise of any right of setoff, banker's lien or counterclaim against any Credit Party or otherwise, receives payment of the Obligations held by it that is ratably more than all Extensions of Credit made by any other Lender, through any means, then, subject to any applicable Requirement of Law: (a) the Lender exercising the right of setoff, banker's lien or counterclaim or otherwise receiving such payment shall purchase, and shall be deemed to have simultaneously purchased, from the other Lenders a participation in the Obligations held by the other Lenders and shall pay to the other Lenders a purchase price in an amount so that the share of the Obligations held by each Lender after the exercise of the right of setoff, banker's lien or counterclaim or receipt of payment shall be in the same proportion that existed prior to the exercise of the right of setoff, banker's lien or counterclaim or receipt of payment; and (b) such other adjustments and purchases of participations shall be made from time to time as shall be equitable to ensure that all of the Lenders share any payment obtained in respect of the Obligations ratably in accordance with each Lender's share of the Obligations immediately prior to, and without taking into account, the payment; that (i) if all or any portion of a disproportionate payment obtained as a result of the exercise of the right of setoff, banker's lien, counterclaim or otherwise is thereafter recovered from the purchasing Lender by such Credit Party or any Person claiming through or succeeding to the rights of such Credit Party, the purchase of a participation shall be rescinded and the purchase price thereof shall be restored to the extent of the recovery, but without interest and (ii) the provisions of this Section 11.06 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.11, or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in LC Exposures to any assignee or participant). Each Lender that purchases a participation in the Obligations pursuant to this Section shall from and after the purchase have the right to give all notices, requests, demands, directions and other communications under this Agreement with respect to the portion of the Obligations purchased to the same extent as though the purchasing Lender were the original owner of the Obligations purchased. Each Credit Party expressly consents to the foregoing arrangements and agree that any Lender holding a participation in an Obligation so purchased may, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable Requirement of Law, exercise any and all rights of setoff, banker's lien or counterclaim with respect to the participation as fully as if the Lender were the original owner of the Obligation purchased.
provided
Section 11.07. .
Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement in any number of separate counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute but one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with the Company and the Administrative Agent.
 
Section 11.08. .
Severability
The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement or any instrument or agreement required hereunder shall not in any way affect or impair the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement or any instrument or agreement required hereunder.
Section 11.09. .
No Third Parties Benefited
This Agreement is made and entered into for the sole protection and legal benefit of the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and their permitted successors and assigns, and no other Person shall be a direct or indirect legal beneficiary of, or have any direct or indirect cause of action or claim in connection with, this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to any Person not a party to this Agreement or other Loan Documents.
Section 11.10. .
Time
Time is of the essence as to each term or provision of this Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents.
Section 11.11. .
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
(a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
(b) Each Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind or description, whether in law or equity, whether in contract or in tort or otherwise, against the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or any Related Party of the foregoing in any way relating to this Agreement or the transactions relating hereto, in each case in any forum other than the courts of the State of New York sitting in New York County, and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York, and any appellate court from any thereof and each of the parties hereto irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement against the Borrower or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. Each Credit Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted
 
by applicable law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement in any court referred to in this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 11.02. Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.
Section 11.12. .
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
THE CREDIT PARTIES, THE LENDERS AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT EACH WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO A TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR OTHER LITIGATION OF ANY TYPE BROUGHT BY ANY OF THE PARTIES AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY OR ANY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT-RELATED PERSON, PARTICIPANT OR ASSIGNEE, WHETHER WITH RESPECT TO CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, OR OTHERWISE. THE CREDIT PARTIES, THE LENDERS AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT EACH AGREE THAT ANY SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE TRIED BY A COURT TRIAL WITHOUT A JURY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS WAIVED BY OPERATION OF THIS SECTION AS TO ANY ACTION, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER PROCEEDING WHICH SEEKS, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO CHALLENGE THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY PROVISION HEREOF OR THEREOF. THIS WAIVER SHALL APPLY TO ANY SUBSEQUENT AMENDMENTS, RENEWALS, SUPPLEMENTS OR MODIFICATIONS TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.
Section 11.13. .
Entire Agreement
This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, embodies the entire agreement and understanding between the Credit Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings of such Persons, verbal or written, relating to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and any prior arrangements made with respect to the payment by the Credit Parties of (or any indemnification for) any fees, costs or expenses payable to or incurred (or to be incurred) by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
Section 11.14. .
Interpretation
 
This Agreement is the result of negotiations between and has been reviewed by counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Company and other parties, and is the product of all parties hereto. Accordingly, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be construed against the Administrative Agent or any Lender merely because of the Administrative Agent's or any Lender's involvement in the preparation of such documents and agreements.
Section 11.15. .
Nature of Lenders' Obligations
The obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint or joint and several. Nothing contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document and no action taken by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders or any of them pursuant hereto or thereto may, or may be deemed to, make the Lenders a partnership, an association, a joint venture or other entity, either among themselves or with any Credit Party or any Affiliate of any Credit Party. Each Lender's obligation to make any Loan pursuant hereto is several and not joint or joint and several. A default by any Lender will not increase the Pro Rata Share attributable to any other Lender except as expressly provided for herein. Any Lender not in default may, if it desires, assume in such proportion as the nondefaulting Lenders agree the obligations of any Lender in default, but is not obligated to do so except as expressly provided for herein. The Administrative Agent agrees that it will use its best efforts either to induce the other Lenders to assume the obligations of a Lender in default or to obtain another Lender, reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to replace such a Lender in default.
Section 11.16.
Indemnity; Damage Waiver.
(a) The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an "Indemnitee") against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or the use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any exchange or conversion of currencies in connection with Section 2.06 or otherwise, (iv) any civil penalty or fine assessed by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, against the Administrative Agent or any Lender, and all reasonable costs or expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) incurred in connection with the defense thereof, as a result of any violation of the representations made in Section 5.16, (v) the issuance of any Letter of Credit or (vi) the failure of any Issuing Bank to honor a drawing under any Letter of Credit as a result of any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any Governmental Authority, (vii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by any Credit Party or any of its
 
Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to any Credit Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (viii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, that the foregoing shall not release any Indemnitee from its obligations under this Agreement. As between the Company and each Issuing Bank, the Company assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of a Letter of Credit by, a beneficiary of such Letter of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, no Indemnitee shall be responsible for any of the following: (A) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effects of any documents submitted by any party in connection with the request and application for and issuance of any Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged; (B) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any Letter of Credit or rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason whatsoever; (C) any failure of a beneficiary of any Letter of Credit to comply with any condition of drawing thereunder; (D) any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether or not in cipher; (E) any error in interpretation; (F) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; (G) any misapplication by a beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing thereunder; or (H) any consequences arising from or related to events or circumstances beyond the control of the applicable Issuing Bank, including any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any Governmental Authority. In furtherance and not in limitation of the specific provisions herein set forth, any action taken or omitted by the applicable Issuing Bank under or in connection with any Letter of Credit or related certificates, if taken or omitted in good faith, shall not result in or give rise to any liability of any Indemnitee to the Company; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse such Issuing Bank from liability to the Company to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Company to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Company that are caused by such Issuing Bank's failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof.
provided
(b) The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender for funding costs or funding losses (excluding loss of margin) if prepayment or conversion of a IBOR Loan occurs prior to the end of an Interest Period, if caused or requested by any Credit Party or if any Credit Party fails to consummate a IBOR Loan because conditions precedent to borrowing or conversion are not satisfied.
Section 11.17. .
Nonliability of the Lenders
 
Each Credit Party acknowledges and agrees that the relationship between each Credit Party and the Administrative Agent and the Lenders is, and shall at all times remain, solely that of borrowers and lenders; neither the Administrative Agent nor the Lenders shall under any circumstance be construed to be partners or joint venturers of any Credit Party or its Affiliates; neither the Administrative Agent nor the Lenders shall under any circumstance be deemed to be in a relationship of confidence or trust or a fiduciary relationship with any Credit Party or its Affiliates, or to owe any fiduciary duty to any Credit Party or its Affiliates; neither the Administrative Agent nor the Lenders undertake or assume any responsibility or duty to any Credit Party or its Affiliates to select, review, inspect, supervise, pass judgment upon or inform such Credit Party or its Affiliates of any matter in connection with its Property or the operations of such Credit Party or its Affiliates; each Credit Party and its Affiliates shall rely entirely upon their own judgment with respect to such matters; and any review, inspection, supervision, exercise of judgment or supply of information undertaken or assumed by the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with such matters is solely for the protection of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and neither any Credit Party nor any other Person is entitled to rely thereon.
Section 11.18. .
Failure to Charge Not Subsequent Waiver
Any decision by the Administrative Agent or any Lender not to require payment of any interest (including Default Interest), fee, cost or other amount payable under any Loan Document, or to calculate any amount payable by a particular method, on any occasion shall in no way limit or be deemed a waiver of the Administrative Agent's or such Lender's right to require full payment of any interest (including Default Interest), fee, cost or other amount payable under any Loan Document, or to calculate an amount payable by another method that is not inconsistent with this Agreement, on any other or subsequent occasion.
Section 11.19. .
Headings
Section headings in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and are not part of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents for any other purpose.
Section 11.20. .
Tax Forms
(a) Each Lender that is a "foreign corporation, partnership or trust" within the meaning of the Code shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the Company, (a) within 20 days after the Closing Date, or (b) to the extent that it is lawfully able to do so, prior to accepting an assignment in respect of Dollar Loans, two duly signed completed copies of either Form W-8BEN (relating to such Person and entitling it to a complete exemption from withholding on all payments to be made to such Person by any Credit Party pursuant to this Agreement) or Form W-8ECI (relating to all payments to be made to such Person by any Credit Party pursuant to this Agreement) of the United States Internal Revenue Service or such other evidence (including, if reasonably
 
necessary, Form W-8 or W-9) satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent that no withholding under the U.S. federal income tax laws is required with respect to such Person. Thereafter and from time to time, each such Person shall (a) promptly submit to the Administrative Agent and the Company two such additional duly completed and signed copies of one of such forms (or such successor forms as shall be adopted from time to time by the relevant United States taxing authorities) as may then be available under then current United States laws and regulations to avoid, or such evidence as is satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent of any available exemption from, United States withholding taxes in respect of all payments to be made to such Person by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, but only to the extent that it is lawfully able to do so, and (b) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office, if any) to avoid any Requirement of Law that a Borrower or the Administrative Agent make any deduction or withholding for taxes from amounts payable to such Person or that would eliminate or reduce amounts payable by a Borrower pursuant to Section 3.01. If such Person fails to timely deliver the above forms or other documentation, then the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers may withhold from any interest payment to such Person an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax imposed by Sections 1441 and 1442 of the Code, without reduction. If any Governmental Authority asserts that the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers did not properly withhold any tax or other amount from payments made in respect of such Person, such Person shall indemnify the Administrative Agent therefor, including all penalties and interest and costs and expenses (including reasonable Attorneys Fees of the Administrative Agent). The obligation of the Lenders under this Section shall survive the payment of all Obligations and the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent.
(b) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to United States federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender's obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. For purposes of this Section 11.20(b) FATCA shall include any Treasury regulations or interpretations thereof.
(c) Any Lender that is a "U.S. person" (within the meaning of the Code) shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time
 
thereafter upon the request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from backup withholding of U.S. federal income tax.
Section 11.21. .
Confidentiality
(a) Each Lender agrees to hold any confidential information that it may receive from any Credit Party pursuant to this Agreement in confidence, except for disclosure: (a) to a Lender's Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates' respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives (it being understood that such Person will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and are obligated to keep it confidential); (b) to other Lenders and their Affiliates (it being understood that such Person will be informed of the confidential nature of such information and are obligated to keep it confidential); (c) to legal counsel and accountants for any Credit Party or any Lender; (d) to other professional advisors to any Credit Party or any Lender, that the recipient has accepted such information subject to a confidentiality agreement substantially similar to this Section; (e) to regulatory officials having jurisdiction over that Lender; (f) as required by Requirement of Law or legal process or in connection with any legal proceeding to which that Lender and any Credit Party is adverse parties; and (g) to (i) another financial institution in connection with a disposition or proposed disposition to that financial institution of all or part of that Lender's interests hereunder or a participation interest in its Loans, (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its managers, administrators, trustees, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors and other representatives) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to any Credit Party and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (iii) any rating agency, or (iv) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar organization, that, in each case, the recipient has agreed to treat such information confidentially on a basis similar to the foregoing. For purposes of the foregoing, "" shall mean any information respecting any Credit Party or its Subsidiaries received from any Credit Party or its representatives, other than (i) information previously filed with any Governmental Authority and available to the public, (ii) information previously published in any public medium from a source other than, directly or indirectly, that Lender, and (iii) information previously disclosed by any Credit Party to any Person on a non-confidential basis. Nothing in this Section shall be construed to create or give rise to any fiduciary duty on the part of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders to any Credit Party.
provided
provided
confidential information
(b) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, each of the parties hereto (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any such party) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. tax treatment and U.S. tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such party relating to such U.S. tax treatment and U.S. tax structure, other than any information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws.
 
(c) Each Lender hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company, which information includes the name and address of the Company and other information that will allow such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act.
Section 11.22. .
Judgment
(a) If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in Dollars into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase Dollars with such other currency at Citibank's principal office in London at 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.
(b) If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder in a Foreign Currency into Dollars, the parties agree to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase such Foreign Currency with Dollars at Citibank's principal office in London at 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given.
(c) The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any sum due from it in any currency (the "") to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in any other currency, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be), of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency, such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the applicable Primary Currency with such other currency; if the amount of the applicable Primary Currency so purchased is less than such sum due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) in the applicable Primary Currency, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) against such loss, and if the amount of the applicable Primary Currency so purchased exceeds such sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) in the applicable Primary Currency, such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) agrees to remit to the Borrower such excess.
Primary Currency
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT A
Date: ,    
                
        
 
as Administrative Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, among SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as guarantor, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meaning as defined in the Agreement.
[  Reference is further made to that certain Foreign Borrower Joinder Agreement, dated as of , among [], a , organized under the laws of (the "Foreign Borrower"), Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under the Agreement, and the Lenders party thereto.]
Insert if a Foreign Currency Loan is requested by a Foreign Borrower
                    
Name of Foreign Borrower
                    
                    
The undersigned hereby requests a (select one):
 Borrowing of Loans
        
 Conversion or Continuation of Loans
        
 
 
 
              (type of Loan requested)
 
The foregoing request complies with the requirements of Article II of the Agreement. The undersigned hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the above date, before and after giving effect and to the application of the proceeds therefrom:
 
(a) the representations and warranties made by the Company [  and to the extent such representation and warranty relates to the Foreign Borrower, made by the Foreign Borrower] contained in Article V (other than the representations in Section 5.05(b) and 5.09(b) [  and 5.09(c)]) of the Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such Credit Date with the same effect as if made on and as of such date, except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date; and
Insert if a Foreign Currency Loan is requested by a Foreign Borrower
Insert if a Loan is requested by the Company
(c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from such proposed Extension of Credit.
 
 
EXHIBIT B
Financial Statement Date: ,     
                
        
 
as Administrative Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, among SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as guarantor, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "Agreement" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined).
The undersigned Responsible Officer hereby certifies as of the date hereof that he/she is the  of the Company, and that, as such, he/she is authorized to execute and deliver this Certificate to the Administrative Agent on the behalf of the Company, and that:
                    
[Use the following paragraph when delivering this Compliance Certificate in connection with the annual financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(a).]
1. Attached as Schedule 1 hereto is a copy of the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as at the above date and the related statements of income and cash flows for the Fiscal Year ended on such date, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, accompanied by the opinion of Deloitte & Touche LLP or another nationally recognized independent public accounting firm which report states that such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the periods indicated in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years. Such opinion is not qualified or limited because of a restricted or limited examination by such accountant of any material portion of the Company's or any Subsidiary's records; and
[]
Use the following paragraph when delivering this Compliance Certificate in connection with the quarterly financial statements pursuant to Section 6.01(b).
1. Attached as Schedule 1 hereto is a copy of the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries as of the above date and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the period commencing on the first day and ending on the last day of the quarter ended on such date, setting forth the
 
financial position and the results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years, subject to changes resulting from audit and normal year-end adjustments; and
2. The undersigned has reviewed and is familiar with the terms of the Agreement and has made, or has caused to be made under his/her supervision, a detailed review of the transactions and conditions (financial or otherwise) of the Company during the accounting period covered by the attached financial statements.
3. To the best of the undersigned's knowledge, the Company, during such period, has observed, performed or satisfied all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every condition in the Agreement to be observed, performed or satisfied by the Company, and the undersigned has no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default.
4. The financial covenant analyses and information set forth on Schedule 2 attached hereto are true and accurate on and as of the date of this Certificate.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate as of , .
                    
        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT C
$
                    
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, SAIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), hereby promises to pay to (the "Lender") at its Lending Office the principal sum of $ (or such lesser amount as shall equal the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans made by the Lender to the Company under the Agreement referred to below), in lawful money of the United States of America and in immediately available funds, on the dates and in the principal amounts provided in the Credit Agreement, and to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each such Loan, at such office, in like money and funds, for the period commencing on the date of such Loan until such Loan shall be paid in full, at the rates per annum and on the dates provided in the Credit Agreement.
                                        
                    
The date, amount, type, interest rate and duration of Interest Period (if applicable) of each Loan made by the Lender to the Company, and each payment made on account of the principal of such Loan, shall be recorded by the Lender on its books and, prior to any transfer of this Note, endorsed by the Lender on the schedule attached to this Note or any continuation of such schedule, that the failure of the Lender to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Company to make a payment when due of any amount owing under the Credit Agreement or under this Note in respect of the Loans made by the Lender.
provided
This promissory note is one of the Notes referred to in the Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, among the Company, Science Applications International Corporation, as guarantor, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "Agreement") the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined)
The Agreement provides for the acceleration of the maturity of this Note upon the occurrence of certain events and for prepayments of Loans upon the terms and conditions specified in the Agreement. If any amount is not paid in full when due hereunder, such unpaid amount shall bear interest, to be paid upon demand, from the due date thereof until the date of actual payment (and before as well as after judgment) computed at the per annum rate set forth in the Agreement.
The Company, for itself, its successors and assigns, hereby waives diligence, presentment, protest and demand and notice of protest, demand, dishonor and non-payment of this Note.
 
Except as permitted by the Agreement, this Note may not be assigned by the Lender or the Company to any other Person.
THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
 
 
Schedule to Note
 
 
EXHIBIT E
Date: ,
            
    
 
as Issuing Bank
Citibank, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, among SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as guarantor, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meaning as defined in the Agreement.
Pursuant to Section 2.11(b) of the Agreement, the Company desires [to incorporate as a Letter of Credit under the Agreement the outstanding letter of credit of the Issuing Bank, No. , for the account of , in the form attached hereto, effective as of][that the Issuing Bank issue, amend, renew or extend a Letter of Credit in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement on] (the "Credit Date") in an aggregate face amount of $.
in case of requests to incorporate existing LC under Agreement 
            
            
in all other cases 
                    
                    
Attached hereto for each such Letter of Credit are the following:
(a) the stated amount of such Letter of Credit;
(b) the currency of such Letter of Credit;
(c) the name and address of the account party;
(d) the name and address of the beneficiary;
(e) the expiration date;
(f) the Issuing Bank and reference number, if any, and;
(g) [a true and complete copy of such Letter of Credit as in effect on the
in case of requests to incorporate existing LC under Agreement 
 
Credit Date][  either (i) the verbatim text of such proposed Letter of Credit, (ii) a description of the proposed terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, including a precise description of any documents to be presented by the beneficiary which, if presented by the beneficiary prior to the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, would require the Issuing Bank to make payment under such Letter of Credit, or (iii) a description of the requested amendment.]
in all other cases
The Company hereby certifies that:
(i) the requirements of Section 2.11(b) of the Agreement are satisfied and will be satisfied after giving effect to this LC Request;
(ii) the representations and warranties made by the Company contained in Article V of the Agreement (other than the representations set forth in Section 5.05(b) and 5.09(b) thereof) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such Credit Date with the same effect as if made on and as of such date, except where such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date; and
(iii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the transactions contemplated by this LC Request.
 
 
EXHIBIT F
Date: ,
            
    
 
as Issuing Bank
Citibank, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, among SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as guarantor, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "Agreement"). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meaning as defined in the Agreement.
Pursuant to Section 2.11(m) of the Agreement, the Company and the Issuing Bank have agreed that the outstanding and undrawn Letter of Credit, No. , for the account of , in the form attached hereto, shall as of (the "Applicable Date") if undrawn at such time cease to be a Letter of Credit for purposes of the Agreement in accordance with Section 2.11(m) and that the aggregate LC Exposure attributable to such Letter of Credit shall, after the Applicable Date, be zero.
                    
            
            
 
 
 
EXHIBIT G
, 20
            
    
    
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, among SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation, as guarantor, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "Agreement" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined)
1. We hereby give you notice of [ and request your consent to,] the assignment by (the "Assignor") to (the "Assignee") of % of the right, title and interest of the Assignor in and to the Loan Documents, including without limitation the right, title and interest of the Assignor in and to the Commitment of the Assignor, and all outstanding Loans made by the Assignor. Before giving effect to such assignment:
if approval is required pursuant to Section 11.05(b) of the Agreement insert
            
 
 
2. The Assignee hereby represents and warrants that it has complied with the requirements of Section 11.05 of the Agreement in connection with this assignment.
3. The Assignee agrees that [, upon receiving your consent to such assignment and from and after ,] the Assignee will be bound by the terms of the Loan Documents, with respect to the interest in the Loan Documents assigned to it as specified above, as fully and to the same extent as if the Assignee were the Lender originally holding such interest in the Loan Documents.
if approval is required pursuant to Section 11.05(b) of the Agreement insert 
                        
 
4. The following administrative details apply to the Assignee:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Assignor and the Assignee have caused this Notice of Assignment and Acceptance to be executed by their respective duly authorized officials, officers or agents as of the date first above mentioned.
 
 
 
 
EXHIBIT H-1
The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
The Company has all requisite power and corporate authority to enter into and perform the [Credit Agreement], to own its properties and to carry on its business as, to our knowledge, it is now conducted.
The [Credit Agreement] has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Company.
Assuming that the [Credit Agreement] is a valid and binding obligation of the Company under the laws of the State of New York, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, under the laws of the State of California, the [Credit Agreement] is a valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement (i) to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium and other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, and (ii) to general principles of equity, including without limitation concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and the discretion of the court before which a proceeding is brought, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
No governmental consents, approvals authorizations, registrations, declarations or filings are required for the execution and delivery of the [Credit Agreement] on behalf of the Company, or the payment of the Company's obligations under the [Credit Agreement].
Neither the execution and delivery of the [Credit Agreement] on behalf of the Company, nor the payment of the Company's obligations under the [Credit Agreement] (i) violates any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, or (ii) violates any law applicable to the Company.
I do not have knowledge of any action, suit or proceeding against the Company that is either pending or that has been threatened in writing other than those set forth in Attachment A to the opinion letter.
 
EXHIBIT H-2
The Foreign Borrower is a [corporation] duly [incorporated], validly existing and in good standing under the laws of [Country]. The Foreign Borrower is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in the jurisdiction of its formation.
The Foreign Borrower has all requisite power and [corporate] authority to enter into and perform the [Credit Agreement], to own its properties and to carry on its business as, to our knowledge, it is now conducted.
The [Credit Agreement] has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Foreign Borrower and has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Foreign Borrower.
The governing law provisions of the [Credit Agreement] (which provides that the [Credit Agreement] shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York) are valid under the laws of [Country].
Assuming that the [Credit Agreement] is a valid and binding obligation of the Foreign Borrower under the laws of the State of New York, enforceable against the Foreign Borrower in accordance with its terms, under the laws of the State of [Country], the [Credit Agreement] is a valid and binding obligation of the Foreign Borrower, enforceable against the Foreign Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement (i) to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium and other similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally, and (ii) to general principles of equity, including without limitation concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing, and the discretion of the court before which a proceeding is brought, regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law.
No governmental consents, approvals authorizations, registrations, declarations or filings are required for the execution and delivery of the [Credit Agreement] on behalf of the Foreign Borrower, or the payment of the Foreign Borrower's obligations under the [Credit Agreement].
Neither the execution and delivery of the [Credit Agreement] on behalf of the Foreign Borrower, nor the payment of the Foreign Borrower's obligations under the [Credit Agreement] (i) violates any provision of the [Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws] of the Foreign Borrower, or (ii) violates any law applicable to the Foreign Borrower.
A judgment (a "US Judgment") obtained by a Lender against the Foreign Borrower in an action taken in any federal or state court of the United States to enforce a payment obligation of the Foreign Borrower under the Credit Agreement or the Notes would be recognized and enforced by a [Country] court in a separate [Country] action
 
EXHIBIT H-2
 
without re-examination of the merits of the US Judgment [insert appropriate assumptions and qualifications].
All taxes, assessments and governmental charges and fees imposed by [Country] or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, the payment of which is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or recording of the [Credit Agreement], have been paid.
It is not necessary under the laws of [Country] (i) in order to enable the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or the Issuing Bank under the [Credit Agreement] to exercise their respective rights or remedies under the [Credit Agreement] or (ii) by reason only of the execution, delivery or performance of the [Credit Agreement], that any of them be licensed, qualified or entitled to carry on business in [Country]. The [Credit Agreement] is in proper legal form under the laws of [Country] for the enforcement thereof against the Foreign Borrower under the laws of [Country]; and to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability or admissibility in evidence of the [Credit Agreement] in the courts of [Country].
The express submission by the Foreign Borrower to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the New York State and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, would be regarded by a [Country] court as sufficient under [Country] law to grant personal jurisdiction over the Foreign Borrower to such court.
I do not have knowledge of any action, suit or proceeding against the Foreign Borrower that is either pending or that has been threatened in writing other than those set forth in Attachment A to the opinion letter.
 
EXHIBIT I
 
Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent
Ladies and Gentlemen:
Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011, among the Lenders from time to time party thereto, Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and you (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "Agreement" the terms defined therein being used herein as therein defined).
We hereby give you notice of the grant of a participation (the "Participation") in a portion of our Pro Rata Share to [] (the "Participant").
            
We confirm that
(i) our obligations under the Agreement remain unchanged as a result of the Participation, (ii) we remain solely responsible to the other parties thereto for the performance of such obligations, (iii) the Participant is not a Lender thereunder for any purpose except as expressly provided herein, (iv) you, the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders may continue to deal solely and directly with us in connection with our rights and obligations under the Agreement, (v) the Participation does not restrict an increase in the Commitments or in our Pro Rata Share, so long as the amount of the participation interest is not affected thereby and (vi) the consent of the Participant will not be required for amendments or waivers of provisions of the Loan Documents other than those which (A) extend the Maturity Date as to such Participant or any other date upon which any payment of money is due to the Participant, (B) reduce the rate of interest owing to the Participant, any fee or any other monetary amount owing to the Participant or (C) reduce the amount of any installment of principal owing to the Participant.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Notice of Participation to be executed by its duly authorized officer or agent as of the date first above mentioned.
 
 
EXHIBIT J
THIS FOREIGN BORROWER JOINDER AGREEMENT (this ""), dated as of is entered into between , a established under the laws of (the ""), SAIC, Inc. (the "") and Citibank, N.A. in its capacity as Administrative Agent (the "") under that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2011, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from time to time party thereto (as extended, renewed, amended and restated from time to time, the "") and Company Guaranty, dated as of , 201, between the Company and the Administrative Agent (as extended, renewed, amended and restated from time to time, the "). All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Credit Agreement.
Joinder Agreement
                    
                    
                    
                    
Foreign Borrower
Company
Administrative Agent
Credit Agreement
            
    
Guaranty"
The Company has designated to become a "" pursuant to Section 2.1(d) of the Credit Agreement.
                    
Foreign Borrower
Accordingly, the Foreign Borrower hereby agrees as follows with the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders:
1. The Foreign Borrower hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that, by its execution of this Joinder Agreement, it will be deemed to be a party to the Credit Agreement and a "" for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall have all of the obligations of a Foreign Borrower thereunder as if it had executed the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Foreign Borrower hereby ratifies, as of the date hereof, and agrees to be bound by, all of the terms, provisions and conditions contained in the Loan Documents applicable to a Foreign Borrower. The Foreign Borrower hereby agrees that, upon becoming a "" pursuant to the Credit Agreement, it will be severally liable for all Foreign Borrower Obligations in respect of any Loans made to it by the Lenders as set forth in the Credit Agreement.
Foreign Borrower
Foreign Borrower
2. The Foreign Borrower acknowledges and confirms that it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement and the schedules and exhibits thereto.
3. The Company confirms that, notwithstanding the joinder of the Foreign Borrower to the Loan Documents, all of its obligations under the Credit Agreement and the Guaranty Agreement are and shall continue to be in full force and effect. The Company further confirms that immediately upon the Foreign Borrower becoming a "" pursuant to the Credit Agreement the term "", as used in the Loan Documents, shall include all obligations of such Foreign Borrower under the Credit Agreement and under each other Loan Document. The Company acknowledges and agrees that it
Foreign Borrower
Foreign Borrower Obligations
 
has guaranteed all Obligations of such Foreign Borrower in accordance with the terms of the Guaranty.
4. The Foreign Borrower agrees that at any time and from time to time, upon the written request of the Administrative Agent, it will execute and deliver such further documents and do such further acts and things as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in order to effect the purposes of this Joinder Agreement.
5. The Foreign Borrower is organized in a jurisdiction outside of the United States.
6. The address of the Foreign Borrower for purposes of Section 11.02 of the Credit Agreement shall be as follows
[
Insert - Name of Foreign Borrower
Address:
Attention: ]
with a copy to the Company at the address set forth in Section 11.02 to the Credit Agreement.
7. The Foreign Borrower hereby agrees that service of process in respect of it upon the Company, together with written notice of such service given to it as provided in paragraph 6 hereof, shall be deemed to be effective service of process upon it in any action, suit or proceeding.
8. (a) If notified by any Lender that its Lending Office is or will be located in the United Kingdom, the Foreign Borrower agrees to compensate that Lender for the cost of compliance with the requirements of the Bank of England and/or the Financial Services Authority (or, in either case, any other authority which replaces all or any of its functions) and to execute any further documentation requested by any Lender to effectuate such additional compensation.
(b) If notified by any Lender that its Lending Office is or will be located in a Participating Member State, the Foreign Borrower agrees to compensate that Lender for the cost of compliance with the requirements of the European Central Bank and to execute any further documentation requested by any Lender to effectuate such additional compensation.
(c) Any further documentation to be executed pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) shall be substantially in the form of the Mandatory Cost Formulae produced by the Loan Market Association and dated as of June 2004.
(d) "Participating Member State" means any member state of the European Communities that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in
 
accordance with legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union.
9. This Joinder Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken together shall constitute one document.
10. This Joinder Agreement shall become effective, and the Foreign Borrower shall become a "" pursuant to the Credit Agreement, upon due execution by the Administrative Agent of this Joinder Agreement and receipt by the Administrative Agent of counterparts hereof duly executed by the Foreign Borrower and the Company.
Foreign Borrower
11. THIS JOINDER AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.
R P I L B
EMAINDER
OF
AGE
NTENTIONALLY
EFT
LANK
S P() F()
IGNATURE
AGE
S
OLLOW
S
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Foreign Borrower and the Company have caused this Joinder Agreement to be duly executed by their authorized officers, and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, has caused the same to be accepted and agreed to by its authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written.
 
 
 
EXHIBIT K
GUARANTY, dated as of , 20 (the ""), by SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the ""), in favor of Citibank, N.A., as Administrative Agent under that certain Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2011 (as extended, renewed, amended or restated from time to time, the "") and the Lenders party thereto (collectively the "").
            
    
Guaranty
Company
Credit Agreement
Guarantied Parties
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a) the Company is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full corporate power to execute, deliver and perform this Guaranty;
b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty have been and remain duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not contravene any provision of the Company's certificate of incorporation or by-laws, as amended to date, or any law, regulation, rule, decree, order, judgment or contractual restriction binding on the Company or its assets;
 
c) all consents, licenses, clearances, authorizations and approvals of, and registrations and declarations with, any governmental authority or regulatory body necessary for the due execution, delivery and performance of this Guaranty have been obtained and remain in full force and effect and all conditions thereof have been duly complied with, and no other action by and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority or regulatory body is required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Guaranty; and
d) this Guaranty constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights and to general equity principles.
 
 
Science Applications International Corporation
10260 Campus Point Drive
San Diego, CA 92121
Attention: Treasurer
or to such other address or fax number as the Company shall have notified the Guarantied Party in a written notice delivered to the Guarantied Party in accordance with the Participation Agreement.
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by the Company to the Guarantied Party as of the date first above written.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20110323161409.txt.gz
TIME:20110323161409
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 23, 2011, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
Exhibit 99.1             Press Release dated March 23, 2011 issued by SAIC, Inc.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
MCLEAN, Va., March 23, 2011  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2011, which ended January 31, 2011.
"While market conditions were challenging this year, I am encouraged by the strong bookings achieved, growth in our pipeline of opportunities and increased cash generation," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer. "Our performance and success is based upon our employees' continued dedication to solving our customers' most critical problems through the delivery of timely and cost effective solutions with a foundation of consistently strong program execution. Our strong bookings and pipeline growth in fiscal 2011 give us confidence entering fiscal 2012."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.77 billion, up 3 percent from $2.68 billion in the prior year quarter. Full-year revenues were $11.1 billion, up 2 percent from fiscal year 2010. Internal revenue growth represented 1 percentage point of the total revenue growth for the quarter and was flat for the fiscal year. Internal revenue growth for the quarter was driven by increased activity on certain command, control and communications; intelligence and cyber security contracts.
Operating income for the quarter was $220 million (7.9 percent of revenue), up 5 percent from $209 million (7.8 percent of revenue) in the prior year quarter. Full-year operating income was $958 million (8.6 percent of revenue), up 10 percent from $867 million (8.0 percent of revenue) in the prior fiscal year. Operating income for the year benefitted from a $56 million royalty payment and from strong program performance throughout the year.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $132 million, up 7 percent from $123 million in the prior year quarter. Full-year income from continuing operations was $569 million, up 14 percent from $500 million in the prior fiscal year. Income from continuing operations for the quarter and the fiscal year benefited from a lower effective tax rate due to the December 2010 extension of the federal research and development tax credit, retroactive to January 1, 2010, and the resolution of income tax uncertainties.
Diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.36, up 16 percent from $0.31 in the prior year quarter, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 359 million, down 7 percent from 387 million in the prior year quarter, due primarily to share repurchases made throughout the year. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the year were $1.51, up 22 percent from $1.24 in fiscal year 2010, reflecting growth in operating income, a lower effective tax rate, and a lower share count from share repurchases made during the year.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for fiscal year 2011 was $737 million, representing 1.3 times income from continuing operations and up 19 percent from $620 million in the prior fiscal year. The increase in fiscal year 2011 cash flow was primarily due to improved cash management, including a reduction in days sales outstanding, and the increase in income from continuing operations.
During the quarter, the company used $153 million to repurchase approximately 9.5 million shares, including 9.4 million shares under the company's stock repurchase program. As previously disclosed, the company completed an offering of senior, unsecured notes in the fourth quarter, raising net proceeds of $742 million. The notes are a combination of 10 and 30 year maturities, and have a weighted average fixed interest rate of 5.05%. As of January 31, 2011, the company had $1.37 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.85 billion in long-term debt.
Mark W. Sopp, SAIC chief financial officer commented, "This year's accomplishments included another year of double-digit earnings per share growth and return on invested capital above 20%. We did this while investing more in differentiating capabilities which we believe will provide future growth opportunities. Furthermore, we were more aggressive in capital structure transactions, most notably through execution of a bond offering at attractive long-term interest rates, to position the company for future deployment of capital aimed to increase shareholder value."
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $3.8 billion in the fourth quarter and $12.8 billion for the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.4 and 1.2 for the fourth quarter and the fiscal year, respectively. Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
SAIC received a ten-year, $2.5 billion single award task order from DoS to engineer, design, secure, operate and maintain its critical enterprise-wide information technology (IT) network infrastructure in support of the Bureau of Information Resource Management. SAIC will serve as the lead systems integrator and help streamline services and provide improved service delivery.
U.S. Department of State (DoS) Network Infrastructure Support.
U.S. Army 1
st
Theater Sustainment Command (1
st
TSC) Logistics Support.
Under a $102 million five-and-one-half-year contract, SAIC will provide logistics services in support of 1
st
TSC activities throughout the U.S. Central Command area of responsibility. SAIC will support munitions storage and resupply efforts as well as operation of the ammunition supply point and theater storage area activities.
SAIC received a $62 million contract extension to continue work on the Unified NASA Information Technology Services (UNITeS) contract. The extension has an eight-month base period of performance and options that would total 14 months of performance for the continuation of services through March 2012. SAIC will continue to provide a broad range of IT services to operate and maintain NASA's set of integrated enterprise application systems.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Support.
SAIC was awarded a five-year, $40 million task order to provide systems engineering and lifecycle integration to the NSWC Crane Division. SAIC will support NSWC in areas including prototyping, system and platform integration, logistics, and technology insertion.
U.S. Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC) Systems Engineering Support.
SAIC was awarded a four-year, $28 million contract by the U.S. Navy Strategic Systems Programs Command to provide project management planning and systems integration services in support of the Navy's ERP program. The services delivered by SAIC will help the Navy develop and sustain applications across critical command components.
U.S. Navy Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Support.
Under a four-and-one-third year, $20 million task order, SAIC is helping the EPA develop GIS applications and enhance existing databases to accommodate new applications. The advanced GIS technologies SAIC provides will assist EPA in their efforts to utilize and visualize environmental data for making critical decisions.
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Support.
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. Awards during the quarter include:
SAIC received a multiple-award IDIQ contract from DOE to provide environmental clean-up services to the Office of Environmental Management. The environmental restoration, waste management, regulatory support, and facility deactivation, decommissioning, decontamination and demolition services SAIC delivers will help DOE clean up the environmental legacy from nuclear weapons development and nuclear research. The five-year contract has an estimated maximum total value of $907 million for all awardees.
U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Environmental Remediation Support.
Under a multiple award IDIQ contract, SAIC will provide modeling, simulation and analysis services to help the Army combat existing and future space and missile defense challenges. The seven-year contract has a ceiling value of more than $343 million for SAIC.
U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command Modeling and Simulation Support.
SAIC received a multiple-award IDIQ contract from ARL to help the U.S. Special Operations Command leverage emerging R&D technologies. The services SAIC provides will support four mission areas: expeditionary warfare, irregular warfare, special operations and stabilization and reconstruction. The five-year contract has a $400 million ceiling value for all awardees.
U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL) Research and Development (R&D) Support.
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of fiscal year 2011 was $17.3 billion, of which $5.5 billion was funded. As compared to the end of fiscal year 2010, total backlog increased 11 percent while funded backlog increased 6 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $11.8 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
On December 8, 2010, the company announced its initial outlook of the expected revenue range, the expected range of diluted earnings per share from continuing operations, and the expected minimum level of cash flows from continuing operations for fiscal year 2012, which started on February 1, 2011.
After January 31, 2011, the company concluded that it expects to sell the portion of a business unit that is focused on providing specialized IT services to international oil and gas companies. The business being held for sale has annual revenues of approximately $200 million. The net operating results of this business and any resulting gain on sale will be included in discontinued operations commencing with the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. Because of this planned disposition, the company is removing the $200 million from its revenue guidance to reflect the business held for sale. However, the planned disposition does not cause the company to adjust previous guidance for diluted earnings per share from continuing operations.
The company is increasing its outlook for cash flows from continuing operations due to improved visibility of working capital requirements.
The company's revised outlook for fiscal year 2012 is as follows:
 
 
 
The above guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and excludes any future charges from the previously announced expiration of the Scottish Power IT contract.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 43,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $11.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
http://www.saic.com/
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in the U.S. budget process, including any federal government shutdown resulting from failure to pass a budget or extend a continuing resolution; delays in contract awards; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; the outcome of governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or liability claims; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our Web site at http://www.saic.com/.
All information in this release is as of March 23, 2011. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
Contacts:
 
 
 
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three months and year ended January 31, 2011 were calculated as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to return on invested capital (ROIC), which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable financial measure, which is operating income. The company believes that reporting ROIC provides investors with greater visibility into how effectively it uses the capital invested in its operations. The company calculates ROIC by dividing operating income after normalized income taxes by average invested capital. Operating income after normalized income taxes is calculated by multiplying operating income by (1 - the normalized income tax rate). Average invested capital is calculated by adding total stockholders' equity to long-term debt and subtracting cash and cash equivalents.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that financing or cash deployment decisions may cause ROIC to trend differently from operating income which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting ROIC near disclosures of operating income and net income. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate ROIC is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
The return on invested capital for the year ended January 31, 2011 was computed as follows:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20110331153323.txt.gz
TIME:20110331153323
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 25, 2011, the Board of Directors of SAIC, Inc. adopted an amendment to our bylaws to provide for majority voting for the election of directors in uncontested elections. In an uncontested election, nominees must receive more "for" than "against" votes to be elected. Abstentions are not counted as votes cast. As provided in our bylaws, a "contested election" is one in which the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. In a contested election, directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast.
The foregoing summary of the bylaw amendment is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of our amended and restated bylaws, which are included as Exhibit 3.1 to this report and are incorporated by reference in this Item 5.03.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amended and Restated March 25, 2011
 
 
 
Section 1.01 The registered office of SAIC, Inc. (the "Corporation") in the State of Delaware shall be at 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof shall be The Corporation Trust Company.
Registered Office.
Section 1.02 The principal office for the transaction of the business of the Corporation shall be at 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. The Board of Directors (the "Board") is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal office from one location to another.
Principal Office.
Section 1.03 The Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.
Other Offices.
Section 2.01 An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.
Annual Meetings.
Section 2.02 Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board, or by a committee of the Board which has been duly designated by the Board and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board or in the Bylaws, include the power to call such meetings, but such special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law") (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
Special Meetings.
Section 2.03 All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may from time to time be designated by the person or persons calling the respective meeting and specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof.
Time and Place of Meetings.
Section 2.04
Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice.
(a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given to stockholders of the Corporation, as required by applicable law, which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Notice may be given by such delivery means (mail, telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law and shall be delivered to the stockholder's address as it appears on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. Unless otherwise required by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise expressly required by Delaware Law, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
(b) Any waiver of any such notice given by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and such person objects at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.
 
Section 2.05 Except as provided by Delaware Law, the holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment thereof. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat or, in the absence therefrom of all the stockholders, any officer entitled to preside at, or to act as a secretary of, such meeting may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
Quorum.
Section 2.06
Voting.
(a) At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder shall be entitled to vote, in person or by proxy, each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by such stockholder and registered in such stockholder's name on the books of the Corporation:
(i) on the date fixed pursuant to Section 6.05 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, or
(ii) if no such record date shall have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given or (b) if notice of the meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting shall be held.
(b) Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors in such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes.
(c) Any such voting rights may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his or her proxy delivered to the secretary of the meeting; , that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer period. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, Delaware Law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, shall be decided by the vote of a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or unless so directed by the chair of the meeting. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his or her proxy, if there be such proxy, and it shall state the number of shares voted.
provided, however
Section 2.07 Only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board, which must comply with the provisions of Section 3.03(b)) may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders as is either (1) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (2) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (3) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.07 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.07. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Business at Annual Meeting (other than the Election of Directors).
 
A stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth: (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and the text of the business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (b) as to the stockholder giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation, and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such business, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) whether the stockholder giving notice intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such proposal; (v) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the annual meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law).
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.07, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.07; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting.
 
The chair of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.07 and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
Section 2.08 The Secretary of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, as required by applicable law. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
List of Stockholders.
Section 2.09 Prior to each meeting of the stockholders, one or more inspectors shall be appointed by the Board, or, if no such appointment shall have been made, such inspectors shall be appointed by the chair of the meeting, to act thereat. Each inspector so appointed shall first subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of an inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. Such inspector(s) shall take charge of the ballots at such meeting, count the ballots cast on any question and deliver a written report of the results thereof to the secretary of such meeting. The
Inspectors.
inspector(s) need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Any officer of the Corporation may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against his or her election to any position with the Corporation or on any other question in which he or she may be directly interested other than as a stockholder.
Section 2.10 The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations adopted by the Board, the chair of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; and (c) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.
Regulations for Conduct of Stockholders Meeting.
Section 3.01 The property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by Delaware Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders of the Corporation.
General Powers.
Section 3.02 The exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits specified in the Certificate of Incorporation, by resolution of the Board.
Number.
Section 3.03
Election of Directors.
(a) The directors shall be elected annually by the stockholders of the Corporation. A nominee for director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of votes cast with respect to such nominee's election, except that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in a contested election. An election is contested if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. For election of directors, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast "for" a nominee exceeds the votes cast "against" that nominee, without counting abstentions as votes cast. If directors are to be elected by a plurality vote, stockholders may not vote against a nominee.
Voting.
(b) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a meeting of stockholders (1) by or at the direction of the Board, (2) by the Nominating and
Nomination of Directors.
 
Corporate Governance Committee (or any other duly authorized committee of the Board), or (3) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 3.03(b) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.03(b). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Such stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of such person; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (v) a representation whether such stockholder intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection
 
with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation.
A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting of stockholders shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such meeting.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 3.03(b) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.
The chair of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure and, if the chair should so determine, the chair shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 3.03(b) to the contrary, a nomination of persons for election to the Board may be submitted for inclusion in the Corporation's proxy materials pursuant to the final rules adopted by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") providing for such nominations and inclusion ("final proxy access rules"), and, if such nomination is submitted under the final proxy access rules, such submission (xx) in order to be timely, must be delivered to, or be mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation no later than 120 calendar days before the date that the Corporation mailed (or otherwise disseminated) its proxy materials for the prior year's annual meeting (or such other date as may be set forth in the final proxy access rules for companies without advance notice bylaws); (yy) in all other respects, must be made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the final proxy access rules, as in effect at the time of the nomination, or any successor rules or regulations of the SEC then in effect; and (zz) must provide the Corporation with any other information required by this Section 3.03(b) for nominations not made under the final proxy access rules except to the extent that requiring such information to be furnished is prohibited by the final proxy access rules. The provisions of this paragraph of this Section 3.03(b) do not provide stockholders of the Corporation with any rights, nor do they impose upon the Corporation any obligations, other than the rights and obligations set forth in the final proxy access rules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(b), unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 3.03(b), to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
Section 3.04 Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice or notice by electronic transmission to the Board or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
 
Section 3.05 Unless otherwise restricted by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board may be removed with or without cause by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Removal.
Section 3.06 Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy in the Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until such director shall resign or shall have been removed.
Vacancies.
Section 3.07 The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after each annual election of directors and notice of such first meeting shall not be required.
First Meeting.
Section 3.08 Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such times as the Board shall from time to time by resolution determine. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the next succeeding business day not a legal holiday. Except as provided by applicable law, notice of regular meetings need not be given.
Regular Meetings.
Section 3.09 Special meetings of the Board may be called at any time by the Chair of the Board, by the Chief Executive Officer or by the Secretary upon the written request of any two (2) directors. Such meetings shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place or places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting may designate.
Special Meetings.
Section 3.10 The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any of these Bylaws. Any such committee shall keep written minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board at the next regular meeting of the Board. Any Board committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of such committee, and delegate to the subcommittee any or all of the powers of the committee.
Committees.
Section 3.11 Notice of all special meetings of the Board or a committee shall be mailed to each director, addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business, at least five (5) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be personally delivered or otherwise given by such delivery means (telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law, at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held. Such notice may be waived by any director and any meeting shall be a legal meeting without notice having been given if all the directors shall be present thereat or if those not present shall, either before or after the meeting, waive notice of or consent to (in writing or by electronic transmission) such meeting or shall after the meeting sign the approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or be made a part of the minutes of the meeting.
Notice of Meetings.
Section 3.12 The Board (or committee of the Board) may hold any of its meetings at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board (or the committee) may from time to time by resolution designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons calling the meeting or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such meeting. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board or a committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Place of Meeting, Etc.
 
Section 3.13 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by Delaware Law, the presence of a majority of the total number of directors shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board and the presence of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on a committee of the Board shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee, and all matters shall be decided at any such meeting, a quorum being present, by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors present. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority of directors present may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.
Quorum and Manner of Acting.
Section 3.14 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, as the case may be, and such written consent or electronic transmission is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
Action by Consent.
Section 3.15 The directors shall receive such compensation for their services as directors, and such additional compensation for their services as members of any committees of the Board, as may be authorized by the Board.
Compensation.
Section 3.16 The Board may elect or appoint, from among its members, a Chair of the Board and one or more Vice Chairs of the Board, who shall not be considered by virtue of holding such position officers of the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and of the Board. The Chair of the Board shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, all duties incident to the office of Chair of the Board and such other duties as the Board may assign to the Chair of the Board from time to time.
Officers of the Board.
Section 4.01 The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, one or more Presidents of various ranks, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Controller and a Treasurer, all of whom shall serve under the direction and subject to the control of the Board.
Principal Officers.
Section 4.02 Except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with Section 4.03 or 4.06, the officers of the Corporation, shall be elected annually (or at such other intervals as the Board may determine) by the Board. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service.
Election.
Section 4.03 In addition to the principal officers designated in Section 4.01, the Board, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time appoint such other officers and agents as each of them may deem necessary or advisable, including one or more Vice Presidents of various rank, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and an Assistant Controller, each of which officers and agents shall be subject to the control of the Board and have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board, Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service. The Board may also delegate to any other principal officer or committee established by the Board the power to appoint any such additional officers and agents.
Additional Officers and Agents.
Section 4.04 All officers and agents of the Corporation, elected or appointed by the Board, may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by (a) resolution adopted by the Board or (b) if the officer or agent shall have been appointed by a committee of the Board or another officer duly authorized by the Board or these Bylaws, by such appointing committee or officer.
Removal.
Section 4.05 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
 
Section 4.06 A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or other cause, may be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.
Vacancies.
Section 4.07 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board to the Chair of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, if such officer is appointed, shall, subject to the control of the Board, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the Corporation. In the event of the death, disability or other absence of the Chair of the Board, the duties of the Chair of the Board may be performed by the Chief Executive Officer, including presiding at any meeting of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers or agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Vice Presidents of various rank or other officers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officers.
Chief Executive Officer.
Section 4.08 Individuals appointed to the office of President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as the Board or Chief Executive Officer may assign to such President from time to time. The President may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers of agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. Individuals appointed to the office of President Federal Business, President of another organizational unit of the Corporation or Group President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President of the Corporation and shall have such other duties as the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation may assign to such officers from time to time.
President(s).
Section 4.09 Each Vice President of the Corporation shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or President, such duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other office or officers may assign to such Vice President from time to time. Vice Presidents of the Corporation may be further designated as Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents or such other similar title as the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other officer or officers may designate.
Vice Presidents.
Section 4.10 The Secretary of the Corporation or his or her designee shall attend all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board and committees established by the Board and shall record correctly the proceedings of such meetings in a book suitable for such purposes. The Secretary shall attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all stock certificates issued by the Corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept a stock ledger in which all transactions pertaining to shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation shall be correctly recorded. The Secretary shall also attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all deeds, conveyances or other instruments requiring the seal of the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and special meetings of the Board or committees established by the Board. The Secretary is authorized to issue certificates, to which the corporate seal may be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of officers of the Corporation or to actions duly taken by the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board or any committee established by the Board. The Secretary shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Secretary from time to time. The duties of the Secretary may also be performed by any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Secretary.
 
Section 4.11 The Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation in general shall supervise all of the financial affairs of the Corporation, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Chief Financial Officer from time to time.
Chief Financial Officer.
Section 4.12 The Treasurer of the Corporation shall have the care and custody of all the funds, notes, bonds, debentures, stock and other securities of the Corporation that may come into the hands of the Treasurer, acting in such capacity. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the investment and reinvestment of funds of the Corporation in accordance with general investment policies determined from time to time by the Corporation and shall ensure that the Corporation is adequately funded at all times by arranging, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer, for the issuance of debt, equity and other forms of securities that may be necessary or appropriate. The Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) checks, drafts, notes, bonds, debentures and other instruments for the payment of money for deposit or collection when necessary or appropriate and may deposit the same to the credit of the Corporation in such banks or depositories as the Board may designate from time to time, and the Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) all commercial documents requiring endorsements for or on behalf of the Corporation. The Treasurer may deliver instructions to financial institutions by facsimile or otherwise. The Treasurer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) all receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall render an account of the Treasurer's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Treasurer shall enter regularly in the books to be kept by the Treasurer for that purpose, a full and adequate account of all monies received and paid by the Treasurer on account of the Corporation. If requested by the Board, the Treasurer shall give a bond to the Corporation for the faithful performance of the Treasurer's duties, the expenses of which bond shall be borne by the Corporation. The Treasurer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer may assign to the Treasurer from time to time. The duties of the Treasurer may be performed by any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Treasurer.
Section 4.13 The Controller of the Corporation shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation, shall maintain adequate records of all assets, liabilities and transactions of the Corporation and shall be responsible for the design, installation and maintenance of accounting and cost control systems and procedures throughout the Corporation. The Controller also shall keep in books belonging to the Corporation full and accurate accounts of receipts of, and disbursements made by, the Corporation. The Controller shall render an account of the Controller's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Controller shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Controller and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, may assign to the Controller from time to time. The duties of the Controller may also be performed by any Assistant Controller of the Corporation. The Controller shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Controllers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Controller.
Section 5.01 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Board may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and unless so authorized by the Board or by these Bylaws, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or in any amount.
Execution of Contracts.
Section 5.02 All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney shall give such bond, if any, as the Board may require.
Checks, Drafts, Etc.
 
Section 5.03 All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may select, or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of collection for the account of the Corporation, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any President, the Treasurer or any Vice President who has been authorized by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer to do so (or any other officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation who shall from time to time be determined by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the Corporation.
Deposits.
Section 5.04 The Board (or a committee of the Board to which such power is delegated) may from time to time authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts with such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board (or committee) may select or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws, as it may deem expedient.
General Special Bank Accounts.
Section 6.01
Certificates Representing Stock.
(a) Certificates (if any) representing shares of stock or any bond, debenture or other corporate securities of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, and shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Any of or all of the signatures on the certificates may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, any such certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature shall have been placed thereupon, were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
Form and Execution of Certificates.
(b) If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of Delaware Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.
Special Designation on Certificates.
(c) Except as provided in this Section 6.01(c), no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and canceled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed certificate, or the owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate; provided, however, that a new certificate or uncertificated share may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, or the Secretary of the Corporation, it is proper so to do.
Lost Certificates.
 
Section 6.02 Subject to any conditions imposed by Delaware Law, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof any written notice prescribed by Delaware Law.
Uncertificated Shares.
Section 6.03 Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registrations of transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by the attorney of the registered holder thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent, if any, and with respect to shares represented by certificates, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed, and with respect to uncertificated shares, upon the execution by the transferor and transferee of all transfer documents in such form as the Corporation shall reasonably require, and, with respect to all shares, upon the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation. Whenever any shares are pledged for collateral security such fact shall be reflected on the books of the Corporation.
Transfers of Stock.
Section 6.04 The Board may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them.
Regulations.
Section 6.05 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If in any case involving the determination of stockholders for any purpose other than notice of or voting at a meeting of stockholders, the Board shall not fix such a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for such purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board shall adopt the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.
Section 7.01 The Board shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation and words and figures showing that the Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and the year of incorporation.
Seal.
Section 7.02 Whenever notice is required to be given by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or Delaware Law, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice (in writing or by electronic transmission), either before or after the time stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to notice.
Waiver of Notices.
Section 7.03 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of February in each year.
Fiscal Year.
Section 7.04 These Bylaws, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws may be made by the Board, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then in office as directors, acting at any meeting of the Board. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Amendments.
Section 7.05 The Corporation engages in the practice of engineering in various jurisdictions which regulate such practice, including the State of Washington. In order to comply with the laws of such jurisdictions, including the State of Washington, all engineering decisions pertaining to any project or engineering activities in any such jurisdiction shall be made by a designated engineer licensed to practice in such jurisdiction who shall be appointed by the Board from time to time as vacancies occur.
Designation of Engineer.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20110602161441.txt.gz
TIME:20110602161441
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On June 2, 2011, SAIC, Inc. (Company) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first quarter ended April 30, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
Attached as Exhibit 99.2 is a description of the status of the CityTime program that the Company anticipates including in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2011. Exhibit 99.2 is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
- Revenues: Up 2 percent to $2.69 billion; internal growth 1 percent
- Operating Income: Up 12 percent to $230 million; operating margin 8.6 percent
- Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations: Up 13 percent to $0.36
- Cash flows from Operations: Up 18 percent to $154 million
- Net New Business Bookings: $3.6 billion
MCLEAN, Va., June 2, 2011  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, which ended April 30, 2011.
"We are pleased to see the resolution of the 2011 federal budget although market uncertainties persist. We remain focused on our strategy, including business reengineering efforts to devote more resources towards growth, which has enabled us to achieve our business development objectives," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer. "This is paying off with new business awards, strong win rates and increased value of the opportunities awaiting decision, which validates our strategy of being more aggressive in this challenging environment."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.69 billion, up 2 percent from $2.63 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenue growth represented 1 percent of the consolidated revenue growth for the quarter. Internal revenue growth resulted from increased revenues in the Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions and Defense Solutions segments, partially offset by reduced revenues in the Health, Energy and Civil Solutions segment.
Operating income for the quarter was $230 million (8.6 percent of revenue), up 12 percent from $206 million (7.8 percent of revenue) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. The improvement in operating income was the result of strong program performance, effective cost management, and a $6 million gain on the sale of real estate.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $130 million, up 5 percent from $124 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. The increase in income from continuing operations was due to the increase in operating income, partially offset by increased interest expense from the $750 million of debt issued in December 2010 and the return to a more normative tax rate compared to the prior year.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.36, up 13 percent from $0.32 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, driven by the increase in income from continuing operations and a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 348 million, down 8 percent from 378 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to share repurchases over the past year. Diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $0.36 for the quarter, up from $0.32 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011.
Segment Operating Results
Effective in fiscal year 2012, the Company redefined its reportable segments into the reportable segments referenced in the chart below. The segment information for the prior year period has been recast to give effect to the change in reportable segments and for discontinued operations.
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 2 percent from the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. Revenue growth, all of which was attributable to internal growth, was driven by increased activity on existing contract vehicles, including a systems and software maintenance/upgrade program for the U.S. Army, a systems engineering solutions program for the U.S. Navy and a series of related logistics, readiness, and sustainment contracts for the Department of Defense (DoD). These increases were partially offset by reduced activity on the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization contract and a systems development and implementation contract for certain agencies of the City of New York (CityTime), which is nearing completion.
Defense Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.9 percent of revenue, up from 7.6 percent of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. The improvement in operating margin was the result of more effective cost management, partially offset by a higher mix of lower-margin material and subcontract efforts and increased bid and proposal expenses.
The U.S. Attorney's Office and the Department of Investigation of the City of New York have announced that they are conducting investigations relating to the CityTime contract. The CityTime contract and these investigations are more fully described in Exhibit 99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, which was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2, 2011, along with a copy of this press release.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter declined 4 percent from the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenues contracted 8 percent driven by higher prior year deliveries of non-intrusive cargo inspection systems and checked baggage explosive detection systems, as well as reduced activity on certain U.S. federal civilian agency programs, including various programs in support of NASA. These decreases were partially offset by increased activity on new and existing health information technology (IT) programs, particularly with U.S. DoD military health system customers.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 8.4 percent of revenue, down from 9.4 percent of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. The decline in operating margin was the result of reduced deliveries of non-intrusive cargo inspection systems, which have higher relative operating margins, increased internal research and development spending, and increased amortization from a recent acquisition.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 7 percent from the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. Revenue growth, all of which was attributable to internal growth, was driven by increased activity on new and existing contracts in the areas of intelligence analysis, manned and unmanned airborne surveillance programs, and intelligence processing, exploitation and dissemination.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 9.5 percent of revenue, up from 7.5 percent of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. The improvement in operating margin was the result of increased sales of proprietary software products that have higher relative margins, reduced infrastructure costs arising from organizational restructuring and overhead cost efficiency efforts, and lower bid and proposal and internal research and development expenses.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other operating income for the quarter included a $6 million gain from the ongoing monetization of the company's real estate portfolio.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $154 million, compared to $131 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011. Days sales outstanding were 72 days in the quarter compared to 70 days in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011.
During the quarter, the company used $246 million to repurchase approximately 14.4 million shares of company stock, including 13.3 million shares under the company's stock repurchase program. As of April 30, 2011, the company had $1.28 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.85 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $3.6 billion in the first quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.3. Large, competitive definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
SAIC was awarded a contract by NASA to provide managerial and technical expertise including local area network management at all NASA centers.The cost-plus-award fee/incentive-fee contract has a three-year base period, one two-year option; one three-year option; and a final two-year option period, with an additional indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (ID/IQ) feature. The base award of the contract is $340 million. The maximum potential value of the contract if all options are exercised, including the maximum ID/IQ contract value, is $1.3 billion.
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Integrated Communications Services Support.
 
SAIC was awarded a contract by Gradient Resources, a developer of geothermal power plants, to provide engineering, procurement, and construction services for the delivery of a new geothermal power plant in northern Nevada.
Geothermal Power Plant Engineering and Construction Support.
Under a $90 million, five-year task order awarded by DISA, SAIC will help sustain the production, development, and testing of DISA systems in the agency's complex IT environment, which supports 1.25 million users worldwide.
Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) Computing Support.
SAIC received a five-year, $208 million task order to provide mission support IT services to USDA's Risk Management Agency (RMA). The program management, critical infrastructure, enterprise architecture, and information assurance services SAIC provides will help RMA promote, support and regulate sound risk management solutions for agricultural producers.
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) IT Services Support.
Under a four-year, $53 million contract awarded by the Department of Defense, SAIC will provide IT services and EHR systems support to assist MHS in enhancing the agency's health care information management system. The services delivered by SAIC will help modernize the current suite of EHR applications and help sustain clinical systems that support the highest quality of care-giving to U.S. military men and women and their families.
Military Health System (MHS) Electronic Health Record (EHR) Systems Support. 
SAIC was awarded a five-year, $41 million task order by NSWC to develop a scientific research program to help reduce lifecycle costs and increase the sustainability of military equipment and infrastructure. The services SAIC provides will help the DoD research solutions for corrosion and other forms of materials degradation.
Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC) Scientific Research Program Support.
In addition, SAIC also won several ID/IQ contracts that are not included in net bookings. Awards during the quarter include:
Under a multiple award ID/IQ contract, SAIC will provide science, system architecture and engineering services in support of SSC Pacific's cyberspace operations. The five-year contract has a ceiling value of $219 million for all awardees.
U.S. Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific (SSC Pacific) Cyberspace Operations Support.
SAIC received a multiple award ID/IQ contract to provide modeling and simulation and training services and solutions to help prepare FORSCOM units and soldiers for deployment. The five-year contract has a ceiling value of $2.5 billion.
U.S. Army Forces Command (FORSCOM) Modeling and Simulation Support.
SAIC received a multiple award ID/IQ contract to provide a full range of IT support services  including large-scale systems integration and the modification and maintenance of current systems  to DOJ. The six and one-half year contract has a total ceiling value of $1.1 billion for all awardees.
U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) IT Support Services.
SAIC received a multiple award ID/IQ contract to develop and maintain electronic security systems and automated control systems in support of DoD and other government agencies. The five-year contract has a ceiling value of $650 million for all awardees.
U.S. Department of Defense Security and Force Protection Support Services.
Under a single award ID/IQ contract, SAIC will provide comprehensive IT services to the FAA Enterprise Services Center. The five-year contract has a ceiling value of $156 million.
U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) IT Services Support.
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2012 was $18.0 billion, of which $5.0 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2011, total backlog increased 14 percent while funded backlog decreased 8 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $13.0 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under ID/IQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Announced Divestiture
During the quarter, the company announced an agreement to sell to Wipro Limited certain SAIC operations primarily focused on providing specialized IT services to international oil and gas companies. The operations being sold comprise SAIC's U.S. oil and gas IT services business along with subsidiaries located in the United Kingdom, France, India and the Middle East, and have been reclassified to discontinued operations.
Forward Guidance
Based upon its operating and business development performance through the first quarter of the fiscal year, the company expects its fiscal year 2012 results to be consistent with the forward guidance provided on March 23, 2011. These expectations are:
 
 
 
Fiscal year 2012 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 43,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $11.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans", "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of June 2, 2011. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 
 
On February 1, 2011, the Company changed its method of recognizing pension expense. This change in accounting has been reported through retrospective application of the new method to all periods presented, with prior year amounts labeled "as adjusted".
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenue to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth percentages for the three months ended April 30, 2011 were calculated as follows:
 
 
Earnings per share are computed independently for each of the quarters presented and therefore may not sum to the total for the fiscal year.

Exhibit 99.2
Regulation FD Disclosure
Timekeeping Contract with City of New York
Since 2000, the Company has performed under a systems development and implementation contract relating to an automated time and attendance and workforce management system (CityTime) for certain agencies of the City of New York (City). The Company has billed approximately $635 million under the contract through May 31, 2011. During fiscal 2011, the Company and the City entered into a contract amendment that provided for, among other things, modified performance requirements for the Company to complete the contract. The Company believes it has substantially completed its performance obligations under the amended contract and has outstanding receivables of approximately $40 million as of May 31, 2011, reflecting the amount owed by the City to the Company under the terms of the amended contract and prior amendments to the contract.
In the course of conducting an internal investigation of the CityTime program, the Company discovered that it could not validate all the time recorded to the contract by its CityTime program manager. As a consequence, the Company could not determine the extent to which any time may have been incorrectly overbilled to the City for this employee. The Company then informed the City on May 23, 2011 that it had terminated the employment of this employee and offered to voluntarily refund approximately $2.5 million, representing all of this employee's time directly billed to the City. The Company recorded a liability of approximately $2.5 million as of April 30, 2011, associated with its offer to refund this amount.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York is conducting a criminal investigation relating to the CityTime program. In December 2010, the U.S. Attorney's Office filed a criminal complaint against six individuals who were employees of the quality assurance vendor that was under a direct contract with the New York City Office of Payroll Administration, or were principals of staffing firms that provided staff to the CityTime program as second-tier subcontractors to the Company, or were otherwise relatives of those individuals. On February 10, 2011, a federal grand jury indicted four of the individuals and added another individual defendant. On May 27, 2011, a criminal complaint was filed against the former Company employee whose time charges were subject to the refund offer. The complaint alleges that this former employee conspired to defraud the City into extending the duration of and overpaying for the CityTime project and personally received kickbacks totaling $5.6 million. It also alleges that he defrauded the Company by depriving it of his honest services, and charges him with money laundering to conceal proceeds of the fraudulent schemes. The Company is continuing to cooperate with the U.S. Attorney's investigation but cannot predict its outcome.
Statements have been issued from the City's Office of the Mayor and Office of the Comptroller indicating that the City's Department of Investigation would conduct a more extensive investigation regarding the CityTime contract, and that the City would withhold payment of amounts owing to the Company until the investigation was complete. In addition, these statements have also indicated that the City intends to pursue the recovery of costs associated with the CityTime program that the City's investigation reveals were improperly charged to the City. The City has not filed any claim against the Company or otherwise requested reimbursement or return of payments previously made to the Company and the Company has not recorded any liabilities relating to this contract other than the approximately $2.5 million it offered to refund. However, there is a reasonable possibility of additional exposure to loss that is not currently estimable if there is an adverse outcome. An adverse outcome of any of these investigations may result in non-payment of amounts owed to the Company, a demand for reimbursement of other amounts previously received by the Company under the contract, claims for additional damages, and/or fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20110622144422.txt.gz
TIME:20110622144422
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of SAIC, Inc. held on June 17, 2011, our stockholders approved an amendment to our certificate of incorporation to enable stockholders owning at least 10% individually, or 25% collectively, of the voting power of our outstanding shares to require the corporate secretary to call a special meeting of stockholders, subject to the provisions of our bylaws. Following stockholder approval of the amendment to our certificate of incorporation, our Board of Directors adopted, on June 17, 2011, corresponding changes to our bylaws, including requirements for requesting a special meeting and procedures to provide for an orderly process for calling a special meeting.
As amended, Section 2.02 of the bylaws provides that, for purposes of the ownership requirements, multiple special meeting requests will not be considered together if they relate to different items of business. In addition, in order to be valid, all special meeting requests must have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated special meeting request. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice and must be a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law. Stockholders submitting a special meeting request are required to provide: (i) identifying information about each requesting stockholder, (ii) a brief description of each matter of business desired to be brought before the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting, (iii) the text of the proposal or business, (iv) a description of any material interest of each requesting stockholder in the business to be brought before the special meeting, and (v) any other information that is required to be set forth in a stockholders notice to bring business or a nominee for director before an annual meeting. Section 2.02 also describes how a stockholder may revoke a request for a special meeting.
The certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, are attached to this report as Exhibit 3.1 and Exhibit 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated by reference.
 
Our Annual Meeting of Stockholders was held on June 17, 2011. The final results of the stockholders' vote on each of the matters presented for a vote is set forth below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Board of Directors recommended that stockholders vote to hold future advisory votes to approve the compensation of our named executive officers on an annual basis. In light of such recommendation and the strong support for an annual vote as reflected in the above voting results, we will hold future advisory votes to approve the compensation of our named executive officers annually.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
SAIC, Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby certifies as follows:
1. The name of the Corporation is SAIC, Inc.
2. The original Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on August 12, 2005.
3. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation amends and restates the provisions of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation as heretofore amended and supplemented.
4. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the "").
DGCL
5. This Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall become effective at 5:00 p.m., eastern time, on June 22, 2011 (the "").
Effective Time
6. Effective upon the Effective Time, the text of the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation is hereby amended and restated to read in its entirety as follows:
 The name of the Corporation is SAIC, Inc.
FIRST: NAME.
 The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of its registered agent at that address is The Corporation Trust Company.
SECOND: ADDRESS.
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL.
THIRD: PURPOSE.
FOURTH: CAPITALIZATION
 
The Corporation is authorized to issue two classes of capital stock to be designated, respectively, "" and "." The total number of shares of capital stock of all classes which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 2,010,000,000 shares, each with a par value of $0.0001 per share, of which:
Common Stock
Preferred Stock
 
 
The number of authorized shares of any class or classes of stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL or any corresponding provision hereinafter enacted.
The Board of Directors is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any shares of the Preferred Stock, in one or more series, and to fix for each such series the number of shares thereof and such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such distinctive designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors providing for the issuance of such series and as may be permitted by the DGCL, including, without limitation, the authority to provide that any such series may be (a) subject to redemption at such time or times and at such price or prices; (b) entitled to receive dividends (which may be cumulative or non-cumulative) at such rates, on such conditions, and at such times, and payable in preference to, or in such relation to, the dividends payable on any other class or classes or any other series; (c) entitled to such rights upon the dissolution of, or upon any distribution of the assets of, the Corporation; or (d) convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes of stock, or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock, of the Corporation at such price or prices or at such rates of exchange and with such adjustments; all as may be stated in such resolution or resolutions.
 Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the Bylaws of the Corporation shall otherwise provide.
FIFTH: BALLOT.
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind the Bylaws of the Corporation. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
SIXTH: BYLAWS.
SEVENTH: THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
 The number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be not less than ten (10) and not more than eighteen (18), and the exact number shall be fixed by the Board of Directors.
(A) .
Number of Directors
At each annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation commencing at the annual meeting of stockholders next following the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders, all directors shall be elected for a term expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of stockholders, by such stockholders having the right to vote on such election. The term of each director serving as and immediately following the date of the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders shall expire at the next annual meeting of stockholders after such date, notwithstanding that such director may have been elected for a term that extended beyond the date of such annual meeting of stockholders. Each director shall serve until the director's term expires in accordance with the foregoing provisions or until the director's prior resignation, death, disqualification or removal from office, provided that each director shall serve notwithstanding the expiration of the director's term until the director's successor shall be duly elected and qualified.
(B) .
Term
 Unless otherwise restricted by applicable law, any director or the entire Board may be removed with or without cause by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
(C) .
Removal
 
 At any election of directors of the Corporation, a holder of any class or series of stock then entitled to vote in such election shall be entitled to as many votes as shall equal the number of votes which (except for this Section (D) as to cumulative voting) such holder would be entitled to cast for the election of directors with respect to such holder's shares of stock multiplied by the number of directors to be elected in the election in which such holder's class or series of shares is entitled to vote, and such holder may cast all of such votes for a single director or may distribute them among the number to be voted for, or for any two or more of them as such holder may see fit.
(D) .
Cumulative Voting
 Any vacancy in the Board of Directors, whether because of resignation, death, disqualification, removal, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. The term of any director elected in accordance with the preceding sentence shall expire at the next annual meeting of stockholders. Each director shall serve until the director's term expires in accordance with the foregoing provisions or until the director's prior resignation, death, disqualification or removal from office, provided that each director shall serve notwithstanding the expiration of the director's term until the director's successor shall be duly elected and qualified.
(E) .
Vacancies
EIGHTH: MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS.
 No action shall be taken by the stockholders except at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and no action may be effected by any consent in writing in lieu of a meeting of stockholders.
(A) .
No Action by Written Consent
 Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board of Directors, or by a majority of the members of the Board of Directors, or by a committee of the Board of Directors which has been duly designated by the Board of Directors and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board of Directors or in the Bylaws of the Corporation, include the power to call such meetings, and shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation following the Secretary's receipt of written requests to call a meeting from one stockholder of record owning at least ten percent (10%) or one or more stockholders of record of shares representing in the aggregate at least twenty-five percent (25%) in each case of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting, voting as a single class, and who have delivered such requests in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Bylaws (as amended from time to time), including any limitations set forth in the Bylaws on the ability to make such a request for such a special meeting. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that, if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the DGCL (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
(B) .
Special Meetings
 The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions set forth in Articles FIFTH, SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH and this Article NINTH may not be repealed or amended in any respect unless such repeal or amendment is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
NINTH: AMENDMENT.
 
TENTH: BUSINESS COMBINATIONS
(A) For the purposes of this Article TENTH:
(1) The term "" shall mean any individual, firm, limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, corporation or other entity.
person
(2) The term "" shall mean any corporation more than fifty percent (50%) of any class of equity security of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation.
Subsidiary
(3) The term "" shall mean assets having a fair market value or book value, whichever is greater, equal to more than ten percent of the fair market value or book value, whichever is greater, of the total assets of a person as of the end of its most recent fiscal year ending prior to the time the determination is made.
Substantial Part of the Assets
(4) A person shall be a "" of any shares of voting stock of the Corporation (a) which such person or any of its "" or "" (as defined on the date of the adoption hereof in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the )) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, (b) which such person or any of its "" or "" has, directly or indirectly, (i) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise or (ii) the right to vote or direct the voting of pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, that a person shall not be deemed the Beneficial Owner of, or to beneficially own, any security by reason of such agreement, arrangement or understanding if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such security (1) arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given to such person in response to a public proxy or consent solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the applicable rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act and (2) is not also then reportable on Schedule 13D under the Exchange Act (or any comparable or successor report), or (c) which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any other person with which such person or any of its "" or "" has any such agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of such voting stock.
Beneficial Owner
affiliates
associates
"Exchange Act"
affiliates
associates
provided, however,
affiliates
associates
(5) The term "" shall mean any person (except any profit-sharing, employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan of the Corporation or any Subsidiary or any trustee of or fiduciary with respect to any such plan when acting in such capacity) which is the Beneficial Owner (as herein defined) of five percent (5%) or more of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Related Person
(6) For the purposes of determining whether a person is a Related Person, the number of shares of voting stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include all shares deemed owned by such person through application of Section (A)(4), but shall not include any other shares of voting stock which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise.
(7) The term "" shall mean (a) any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or a Subsidiary with or into a Related Person, (b) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or other disposition (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of all or any Substantial Part of the Assets (as herein defined) of a Related Person to the Corporation or to a Subsidiary, (c) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge or other disposition (whether
Business Combination
 
in one transaction or in a series of transactions) of all or any Substantial Part of the Assets of the Corporation (including without limitation any securities of a Subsidiary) to a Related Person, (d) the issuance of any securities of the Corporation or a Subsidiary to a Related Person, (e) the acquisition by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of any securities of a Related Person, (f) any reclassification of the securities (including any reverse stock split) or recapitalization of the Corporation, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any Subsidiary or any other transaction (whether or not with or into or otherwise involving a Related Person) which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate amount of the outstanding shares of any class of equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities of the Corporation or any Subsidiary which is directly or indirectly owned by a Related Person, (g) any loan or other extension of credit by the Corporation or a Subsidiary to a Related Person or any guarantee by the Corporation or a Subsidiary of any loan or other extension of credit by any person to a Related Person, (h) the adoption of any plan or proposal for the dissolution, liquidation or termination of the Corporation or any Subsidiary proposed by or on behalf of a Related Person and (i) any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing for any of the foregoing Business Combination transactions.
(8) The term "" shall mean any member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation who is unaffiliated with the Related Person and was a member of the Board prior to the time that the Related Person became a Related Person, and any successor of a Continuing Director who is unaffiliated with the Related Person and is recommended or elected to succeed a Continuing Director by a majority of Continuing Directors, provided that such recommendation or election shall only be effective if made at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum is present.
Continuing Director
(9) The term "" shall mean a majority of the Continuing Directors capable of exercising the powers conferred upon them under the provisions of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Corporation or by law.
Continuing Director Quorum
(B) The approval or authorization of any Business Combination (as herein defined) of the Corporation with any Related Person (as herein defined) shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) at least 80% of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation and (ii) a majority of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation other than shares of voting stock of which such Related Person is the Beneficial Owner (as herein defined). Such affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact that no vote may be required, or that the affirmative vote of a lesser percentage of stockholders may be specified, by law or otherwise.
(C) The provisions of this Article TENTH shall not be applicable to any particular Business Combination, and such Business Combination shall require only such affirmative vote, if any, as may be required by law or otherwise, if:
(1) The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall by resolution have approved or ratified a memorandum of understanding approving such Business Combination with such Related Person prior to the time such Related Person became the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of five percent (5%) or more of the voting shares of the Corporation; or
(2) The Business Combination shall have been approved by a majority of the Continuing Directors (as herein defined) at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum (as herein defined) is present; or
 
(3) The Business Combination involves solely the Corporation and a Subsidiary (as herein defined) in which a Related Person has no direct or indirect interest (other than an interest arising solely because of control of the Corporation); provided, that if the Corporation is not the surviving corporation, (a) each stockholder of the Corporation receives the same type of consideration in such transaction in proportion to such stockholder's stockholdings, (b) the provisions of Articles SIXTH, SEVENTH, EIGHTH, NINTH, TENTH and ELEVENTH of this Restated Certificate of Incorporation are continued in effect or adopted by such surviving corporation as part of its articles of incorporation or certificate of incorporation, as the case may be, and such articles or certificate have no provisions inconsistent with such provisions, and (c) the provisions of the Corporation's Bylaws are continued in effect or adopted by such surviving corporation.
(D) Nothing contained in this Article TENTH shall be construed to relieve any Related Person of any fiduciary obligation imposed upon it by law.
(E) A majority of the Continuing Directors shall have the power and duty to determine, on the basis of information then known to them, whether (a) any person is a Related Person, (b) any Business Combination relates to a Substantial Part of the Assets of any person and (c) any director is a Continuing Director acting at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum is or was present. Any such determination by a majority of the Continuing Directors shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes of this Article TENTH.
(F) The stockholders of the Corporation shall be entitled to statutory appraisal rights to the maximum extent permissible under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, notwithstanding any exception otherwise provided therein, with respect to any Business Combination with a Related Person requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of outstanding stock of the Corporation having at least 80% of the voting power of the Corporation unless such vote is not required pursuant to Section C.
(G) No Business Combination subject to the provisions of Section B of this Article TENTH shall, unless such Business Combination shall be the subject of one of the exceptions provided for in Sections C(1), (2) or (3), be consummated, and the Corporation shall not enter into any such Business Combination, unless the agreement relating to such Business Combination shall provide that each stockholder of the Corporation who has voted against the Business Combination shall receive, at the time of the consummation of such Business Combination and in exchange for such stockholder's shares of the capital stock of the Corporation, at the option of such stockholder, either (i) the consideration offered by the Related Persons as part of the Business Combination, or (ii) consideration per share of capital stock of the Corporation held by such stockholder (either in cash or in the same form and of the same kind as the consideration paid by the Related Person in acquiring shares of capital stock of the Corporation, at the option of such stockholder) in an amount not less than the greater of the following:
(1) The highest per share price (including brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) paid by such Related Person in acquiring any of the capital stock of the Corporation, or
(2) A price bearing the same percentage relationship to the market price of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the announcement of the Business Combination as the highest price per share (including brokerage commissions, transfer taxes and soliciting dealers' fees) of the capital stock of the Corporation previously paid by such Related Person for shares of capital stock of the Corporation bears to the market price of the capital stock of the Corporation immediately prior to the time such Related Person initially acquired any shares of capital stock of the Corporation notwithstanding that such person was not a Related Person at the time of such initial acquisition.
 
(H) Notice of any proposed alteration, amendment, rescission or repeal of this Article TENTH shall be included in the notice of any annual or special meeting of stockholders at which such proposal is to be considered.
(I) The provisions set forth in this Article TENTH may not be amended, altered, changed or repealed nor may any provision inconsistent with such provisions be added to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation except upon the affirmative vote of the holders of (i) at least eighty percent (80%) of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation and (ii) a majority of the total voting power of all of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation other than shares of voting stock which are Beneficially Owned by a Related Person which has directly or indirectly proposed such amendment, alteration, change or repeal; , that any or all of such provisions may be amended, altered, changed or repealed, and any such new provisions may be added, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the total voting power of all outstanding voting securities of the Corporation, if such amendment, change, alteration or repeal or additional provision shall first have been approved and recommended by a resolution adopted by a majority vote of the Continuing Directors at a meeting at which a Continuing Director Quorum was present.
provided, however
ELEVENTH: INDEMNIFICATION AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(A) .
Indemnification
 The Corporation shall indemnify its directors and elected and appointed officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, and such right to indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer (or his or her heirs, executors or administrators) in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized or consented to by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
(1) 
Indemnification of Directors and Officers.
 The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by past or present directors and officers of the Corporation in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition; , that, to the extent required by law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by such persons to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article ELEVENTH or otherwise.
(2)
 Advancement of Expenses.
provided, however
 The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Corporation who are not directors or officers similar to those conferred in this Section (A) to directors and officers of the Corporation.
(3)
 Indemnification of Employees and Agents.
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section (A) shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under this Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws, any statute, agreement, insurance policy, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
 
 No director shall be personally liable to the Corporation or any of its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (1) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, (2) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL or (4) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.
(B) .
Limitation on Liability
 Any repeal or modification of Section (A) shall not adversely affect any rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses of a director or officer of the Corporation existing pursuant to Section (A) with respect to any acts or omissions occurring prior to such repeal or modification. Any repeal or modification of Sections (A) or (B) shall not have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such repeal or modification.
(C) .
Repeal or Modification of Rights
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, SAIC, Inc. has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be executed in its corporate name by its Secretary as of this 22nd day of June 2011.
 
 

Exhibit 3.2
 
 
 
 
Section 1.01 The registered office of SAIC, Inc. (the "Corporation") in the State of Delaware shall be at 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof shall be The Corporation Trust Company.
Registered Office.
Section 1.02 The principal office for the transaction of the business of the Corporation shall be at 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. The Board of Directors (the "Board") is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal office from one location to another.
Principal Office.
Section 1.03 The Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.
Other Offices.
Section 2.01 An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.
Annual Meetings.
Section 2.02
Special Meetings.
(a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board, or by a committee of the Board which has been duly designated by the Board and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board or in the Bylaws, include the power to call such meetings, and shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation following the Secretary's receipt of written requests to call a meeting of stockholders (a "Special Meeting Request") from one stockholder of record owning at least ten percent (10%), or one or more stockholders of record of shares representing in the aggregate at least twenty-five percent (25%), in each case of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting, voting as a single class, and who have delivered such requests in accordance with and subject to the provisions of these Bylaws (as amended from time to time), including any limitations set forth in these Bylaws on the ability to make such a request for such a special meeting. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law") (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
(b) In determining whether Special Meeting Requests have met the requirements of this Section 2.02, multiple Special Meeting Requests will not be considered together if they relate to different items of business. Additionally, in order to be valid, all Special Meeting Requests must have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. A Special Meeting Request shall be signed by each stockholder, or duly authorized agent, requesting the special meeting and shall set forth: (i) a brief description of each matter of business desired to be brought before the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting, (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), (iii) any material interest of each stockholder and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the special meeting is being requested in the business desired to be brought before the special meeting, (iv) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of each stockholder requesting the special meeting and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the special meeting is being requested, (v) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned by each stockholder requesting the special meeting and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the
 
special meeting is being requested, and (vi) any other information that is required to be set forth in a stockholder's notice required pursuant to Section 2.07 of these Bylaws and, if the purpose of the special meeting includes the appointment or election of one or more directors to the Board, Section 3.03 of these Bylaws.
A stockholder may revoke a Special Meeting Request at any time prior to the special meeting; provided however, that if any such revocations are received by the Secretary and, as a result of such revocation, the number of un-revoked Special Meeting Requests no longer represents at least the requisite number of shares entitling the stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting pursuant to Section 2.02(a), then the Board shall have the discretion to determine whether or not to proceed with the special meeting. If none of the stockholders who submitted the Special Meeting Request appear or send a qualified representative (as defined in these Bylaws) to present the proposal(s) or business submitted by the stockholders for consideration at the special meeting, such proposal(s) or business shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation or such stockholder(s).
A Special Meeting Request shall not be valid (and the Board shall have no obligation to call a special meeting in respect of such Special Meeting Request) if it relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law.
The Board shall determine the place, if any, and fix the date and time, of any stockholder requested special meeting. The Board may submit its own proposal or proposals for consideration at a stockholder requested special meeting.
Section 2.03 All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may from time to time be designated by the person or persons calling the respective meeting and specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof.
Time and Place of Meetings.
Section 2.04
Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice.
(a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given to stockholders of the Corporation, as required by applicable law, which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Notice may be given by such delivery means (mail, telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law and shall be delivered to the stockholder's address as it appears on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. Unless otherwise required by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise expressly required by Delaware Law, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
(b) Any waiver of any such notice given by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and such person objects at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.
Section 2.05 Except as provided by Delaware Law, the holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment thereof. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat or, in the absence therefrom of all the stockholders, any officer entitled to preside at, or to act as a secretary of, such meeting may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
Quorum.
 
Section 2.06
Voting.
(a) At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder shall be entitled to vote, in person or by proxy, each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by such stockholder and registered in such stockholder's name on the books of the Corporation:
(i) on the date fixed pursuant to Section 6.05 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, or
(ii) if no such record date shall have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given or (b) if notice of the meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting shall be held.
(b) Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors in such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes.
(c) Any such voting rights may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his or her proxy delivered to the secretary of the meeting; , that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer period. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, Delaware Law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, shall be decided by the vote of a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or unless so directed by the chair of the meeting. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his or her proxy, if there be such proxy, and it shall state the number of shares voted.
provided, however
Section 2.07 Only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board, which must comply with the provisions of Section 3.03(b)) may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders as is either (1) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (2) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (3) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.07 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.07. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Business at Annual Meeting (other than the Election of Directors).
A stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth: (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and the text of the business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (b) as to the stockholder
 
giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation, and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such business, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) whether the stockholder giving notice intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such proposal; (v) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the annual meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law).
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07, unless otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.07, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.07; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting.
The chair of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.07 and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
Section 2.08 The Secretary of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, as required by applicable law. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
List of Stockholders.
 
Section 2.09 Prior to each meeting of the stockholders, one or more inspectors shall be appointed by the Board, or, if no such appointment shall have been made, such inspectors shall be appointed by the chair of the meeting, to act thereat. Each inspector so appointed shall first subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of an inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. Such inspector(s) shall take charge of the ballots at such meeting, count the ballots cast on any question and deliver a written report of the results thereof to the secretary of such meeting. The inspector(s) need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Any officer of the Corporation may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against his or her election to any position with the Corporation or on any other question in which he or she may be directly interested other than as a stockholder.
Inspectors.
Section 2.10 The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations adopted by the Board, the chair of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; and (c) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.
Regulations for Conduct of Stockholders Meeting.
Section 3.01 The property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by Delaware Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders of the Corporation.
General Powers.
Section 3.02 The exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits specified in the Certificate of Incorporation, by resolution of the Board.
Number.
Section 3.03
Election of Directors.
(a) The directors shall be elected annually by the stockholders of the Corporation. A nominee for director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of votes cast with respect to such nominee's election, except that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in a contested election. An election is contested if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. For election of directors, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast "for" a nominee exceeds the votes cast "against" that nominee, without counting abstentions as votes cast. If directors are to be elected by a plurality vote, stockholders may not vote against a nominee.
Voting.
(b) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a meeting of stockholders (1) by or at the direction of the Board, (2) by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or any other duly authorized committee of the Board), or (3) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 3.03(b) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.03(b). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the
Nomination of Directors.
 
preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Such stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of such person; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (v) a representation whether such stockholder intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation.
 
 
A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting of stockholders shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such meeting.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 3.03(b) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.
The chair of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure and, if the chair should so determine, the chair shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding any provision of this Section 3.03(b) to the contrary, a nomination of persons for election to the Board may be submitted for inclusion in the Corporation's proxy materials pursuant to the final rules adopted by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") providing for such nominations and inclusion ("final proxy access rules"), and, if such nomination is submitted under the final proxy access rules, such submission (xx) in order to be timely, must be delivered to, or be mailed and received by, the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation no later than 120 calendar days before the date that the Corporation mailed (or otherwise disseminated) its proxy materials for the prior year's annual meeting (or such other date as may be set forth in the final proxy access rules for companies without advance notice bylaws); (yy) in all other respects, must be made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the final proxy access rules, as in effect at the time of the nomination, or any successor rules or regulations of the SEC then in effect; and (zz) must provide the Corporation with any other information required by this Section 3.03(b) for nominations not made under the final proxy access rules except to the extent that requiring such information to be furnished is prohibited by the final proxy access rules. The provisions of this paragraph of this Section 3.03(b) do not provide stockholders of the Corporation with any rights, nor do they impose upon the Corporation any obligations, other than the rights and obligations set forth in the final proxy access rules.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(b), unless otherwise required by applicable law, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 3.03(b), to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
Section 3.04 Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice or notice by electronic transmission to the Board or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 3.05 Unless otherwise restricted by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board may be removed with or without cause by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Removal.
Section 3.06 Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy in the Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until such director shall resign or shall have been removed.
Vacancies.
 
Section 3.07 The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after each annual election of directors and notice of such first meeting shall not be required.
First Meeting.
Section 3.08 Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such times as the Board shall from time to time by resolution determine. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the next succeeding business day not a legal holiday. Except as provided by applicable law, notice of regular meetings need not be given.
Regular Meetings.
Section 3.09 Special meetings of the Board may be called at any time by the Chair of the Board, by the Chief Executive Officer or by the Secretary upon the written request of any two (2) directors. Such meetings shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place or places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting may designate.
Special Meetings.
Section 3.10 The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any of these Bylaws. Any such committee shall keep written minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board at the next regular meeting of the Board. Any Board committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of such committee, and delegate to the subcommittee any or all of the powers of the committee.
Committees.
Section 3.11 Notice of all special meetings of the Board or a committee shall be mailed to each director, addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business, at least five (5) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be personally delivered or otherwise given by such delivery means (telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law, at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held. Such notice may be waived by any director and any meeting shall be a legal meeting without notice having been given if all the directors shall be present thereat or if those not present shall, either before or after the meeting, waive notice of or consent to (in writing or by electronic transmission) such meeting or shall after the meeting sign the approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or be made a part of the minutes of the meeting.
Notice of Meetings.
Section 3.12 The Board (or committee of the Board) may hold any of its meetings at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board (or the committee) may from time to time by resolution designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons calling the meeting or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such meeting. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board or a committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Place of Meeting, Etc.
Section 3.13 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by Delaware Law, the presence of a majority of the total number of directors shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board and the presence of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on a committee of the Board shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee, and all matters shall be decided at any such meeting, a quorum being present, by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors present. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority of directors present may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.
Quorum and Manner of Acting.
 
Section 3.14 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, as the case may be, and such written consent or electronic transmission is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
Action by Consent.
Section 3.15 The directors shall receive such compensation for their services as directors, and such additional compensation for their services as members of any committees of the Board, as may be authorized by the Board.
Compensation.
Section 3.16 The Board may elect or appoint, from among its members, a Chair of the Board and one or more Vice Chairs of the Board, who shall not be considered by virtue of holding such position officers of the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and of the Board. The Chair of the Board shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, all duties incident to the office of Chair of the Board and such other duties as the Board may assign to the Chair of the Board from time to time.
Officers of the Board.
Section 4.01 The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, one or more Presidents of various ranks, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Controller and a Treasurer, all of whom shall serve under the direction and subject to the control of the Board.
Principal Officers.
Section 4.02 Except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with Section 4.03 or 4.06, the officers of the Corporation, shall be elected annually (or at such other intervals as the Board may determine) by the Board. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service.
Election.
Section 4.03 In addition to the principal officers designated in Section 4.01, the Board, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time appoint such other officers and agents as each of them may deem necessary or advisable, including one or more Vice Presidents of various rank, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and an Assistant Controller, each of which officers and agents shall be subject to the control of the Board and have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board, Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service. The Board may also delegate to any other principal officer or committee established by the Board the power to appoint any such additional officers and agents.
Additional Officers and Agents.
Section 4.04 All officers and agents of the Corporation, elected or appointed by the Board, may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by (a) resolution adopted by the Board or (b) if the officer or agent shall have been appointed by a committee of the Board or another officer duly authorized by the Board or these Bylaws, by such appointing committee or officer.
Removal.
Section 4.05 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 4.06 A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or other cause, may be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.
Vacancies.
Section 4.07 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board to the Chair of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, if such officer is appointed, shall, subject to the control of the Board, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the Corporation. In the event of the death, disability or other absence of the Chair of the Board, the duties of the Chair of the Board may be performed by the Chief Executive Officer, including presiding at any meeting of the Board or the
Chief Executive Officer.
 
stockholders of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers or agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Vice Presidents of various rank or other officers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officers.
Section 4.08 Individuals appointed to the office of President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as the Board or Chief Executive Officer may assign to such President from time to time. The President may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers of agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. Individuals appointed to the office of President Federal Business, President of another organizational unit of the Corporation or Group President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President of the Corporation and shall have such other duties as the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation may assign to such officers from time to time.
President(s).
Section 4.09 Each Vice President of the Corporation shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or President, such duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other office or officers may assign to such Vice President from time to time. Vice Presidents of the Corporation may be further designated as Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents or such other similar title as the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other officer or officers may designate.
Vice Presidents.
Section 4.10 The Secretary of the Corporation or his or her designee shall attend all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board and committees established by the Board and shall record correctly the proceedings of such meetings in a book suitable for such purposes. The Secretary shall attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all stock certificates issued by the Corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept a stock ledger in which all transactions pertaining to shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation shall be correctly recorded. The Secretary shall also attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all deeds, conveyances or other instruments requiring the seal of the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and special meetings of the Board or committees established by the Board. The Secretary is authorized to issue certificates, to which the corporate seal may be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of officers of the Corporation or to actions duly taken by the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board or any committee established by the Board. The Secretary shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Secretary from time to time. The duties of the Secretary may also be performed by any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Secretary.
Section 4.11 The Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation in general shall supervise all of the financial affairs of the Corporation, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Chief Financial Officer from time to time.
Chief Financial Officer.
Section 4.12 The Treasurer of the Corporation shall have the care and custody of all the funds, notes, bonds, debentures, stock and other securities of the Corporation that may come into the hands of the Treasurer, acting in such capacity. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the investment and reinvestment of funds of the Corporation in accordance with general investment policies determined from time to time by the Corporation
Treasurer.
 
and shall ensure that the Corporation is adequately funded at all times by arranging, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer, for the issuance of debt, equity and other forms of securities that may be necessary or appropriate. The Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) checks, drafts, notes, bonds, debentures and other instruments for the payment of money for deposit or collection when necessary or appropriate and may deposit the same to the credit of the Corporation in such banks or depositories as the Board may designate from time to time, and the Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) all commercial documents requiring endorsements for or on behalf of the Corporation. The Treasurer may deliver instructions to financial institutions by facsimile or otherwise. The Treasurer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) all receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall render an account of the Treasurer's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Treasurer shall enter regularly in the books to be kept by the Treasurer for that purpose, a full and adequate account of all monies received and paid by the Treasurer on account of the Corporation. If requested by the Board, the Treasurer shall give a bond to the Corporation for the faithful performance of the Treasurer's duties, the expenses of which bond shall be borne by the Corporation. The Treasurer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer may assign to the Treasurer from time to time. The duties of the Treasurer may be performed by any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Section 4.13 The Controller of the Corporation shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation, shall maintain adequate records of all assets, liabilities and transactions of the Corporation and shall be responsible for the design, installation and maintenance of accounting and cost control systems and procedures throughout the Corporation. The Controller also shall keep in books belonging to the Corporation full and accurate accounts of receipts of, and disbursements made by, the Corporation. The Controller shall render an account of the Controller's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Controller shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Controller and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, may assign to the Controller from time to time. The duties of the Controller may also be performed by any Assistant Controller of the Corporation. The Controller shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Controllers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Controller.
Section 5.01 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Board may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and unless so authorized by the Board or by these Bylaws, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or in any amount.
Execution of Contracts.
Section 5.02 All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney shall give such bond, if any, as the Board may require.
Checks, Drafts, Etc.
Section 5.03 All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may select, or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of collection for the account of the Corporation, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any President, the Treasurer or any Vice President who has been authorized by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer to do so (or any other officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation who shall from time to time be determined by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the Corporation.
Deposits.
 
Section 5.04 The Board (or a committee of the Board to which such power is delegated) may from time to time authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts with such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board (or committee) may select or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws, as it may deem expedient.
General Special Bank Accounts.
Section 6.01
Certificates Representing Stock.
(a) Certificates (if any) representing shares of stock or any bond, debenture or other corporate securities of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, and shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Any of or all of the signatures on the certificates may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, any such certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature shall have been placed thereupon, were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
Form and Execution of Certificates.
(b) If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of Delaware Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.
Special Designation on Certificates.
(c) Except as provided in this Section 6.01(c), no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and canceled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed certificate, or the owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate; provided, however, that a new certificate or uncertificated share may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, or the Secretary of the Corporation, it is proper so to do.
Lost Certificates.
Section 6.02 Subject to any conditions imposed by Delaware Law, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof any written notice prescribed by Delaware Law.
Uncertificated Shares.
Section 6.03 Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registrations of transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by the attorney of the registered holder thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent, if any, and with respect to shares represented by certificates, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed, and with respect to uncertificated shares, upon the execution by the
Transfers of Stock.
 
transferor and transferee of all transfer documents in such form as the Corporation shall reasonably require, and, with respect to all shares, upon the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation. Whenever any shares are pledged for collateral security such fact shall be reflected on the books of the Corporation.
Section 6.04 The Board may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them.
Regulations.
Section 6.05 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If in any case involving the determination of stockholders for any purpose other than notice of or voting at a meeting of stockholders, the Board shall not fix such a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for such purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board shall adopt the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.
Section 7.01 The Board shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation and words and figures showing that the Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and the year of incorporation.
Seal.
Section 7.02 Whenever notice is required to be given by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or Delaware Law, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice (in writing or by electronic transmission), either before or after the time stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to notice.
Waiver of Notices.
Section 7.03 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of February in each year.
Fiscal Year.
Section 7.04 These Bylaws, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws may be made by the Board, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then in office as directors, acting at any meeting of the Board. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Amendments.
Section 7.05 The Corporation engages in the practice of engineering in various jurisdictions which regulate such practice, including the State of Washington. In order to comply with the laws of such jurisdictions, including the State of Washington, all engineering decisions pertaining to any project or engineering activities in any such jurisdiction shall be made by a designated engineer licensed to practice in such jurisdiction who shall be appointed by the Board from time to time as vacancies occur.
Designation of Engineer.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20110701060129.txt.gz
TIME:20110701060129
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timekeeping Contract with City of New York
The Company previously described in its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2011, a systems development and implementation contract relating to an automated time and attendance and workforce management system (CityTime) for certain agencies of the City of New York. On June 29, 2011, the Company received a letter from Mayor Bloomberg which requested that the Company reimburse the city for the approximately $600 million paid by the city to the Company for CityTime and the cost of investigating and remediating the CityTime program. The Company intends to work with the City of New York towards a mutually acceptable resolution of this matter at the appropriate time. The letter from Mayor Bloomberg is attached as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
June 29, 2011
Mr. Walter P. Havenstein
Chief Executive Officer
Science Applications International Corporation
1710 SAIC Drive
McLean, VA 22102
 
Dear Mr. Havenstein:
Since 2000, Science Applications International Corporation ("SAIC") has served as the primary contractor to build and implement a uniform automated time-keeping system to be used by the City of New York's employees to accurately record their attendance and provide a streamlined process for supervisory approvals. The City relied on the integrity of SAIC as one of the nation's leading technology application companies to execute the CityTime project within a reasonable amount of time and within budget given the system's size and complexity.
The recent indictment of Gerard Denault, SAIC's lead Project Manager supervising the CityTime project, and the recent criminal charges filed against and guilty plea of Carl Bell, SAIC's Chief Systems Engineer who developed the software and oversaw all technical aspects of the project, are extremely troubling and raise questions about SAIC's corporate responsibility and internal controls to prevent and combat fraud. Denault and Bell, along with Technodyne and its principals retained as a "sole source" subcontractor by SAIC and six other defendants, are charged with hiring consultants not needed for the project at inflated rates in order to execute an elaborate kickback scheme to defraud the City of New York of millions of dollars.
The scheme to defraud was so pervasive that the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York in the superseding indictment recently implicating these two SAIC employees stated that "virtually the entirety of the well over $600 million that the City paid to SAIC on the CityTime project was tainted, directly or indirectly, by fraud." Equally troubling is that, according to the superseding indictment, SAIC as early as 2005 apparently received a whistleblower complaint regarding possible mismanagement of the project and alleged kickbacks to defendant Denault, SAIC's lead Project Manager on CityTirne. It is unclear what SAIC did at that time to investigate these serious allegations.
While we have received a working system that will advance our management ability, in light of the foregoing, because the project was apparently tainted by fraud and kickback schemes, the City must be made whole. I am, therefore, requesting that SAIC reimburse the City for all sums paid to it, approximately $600 million, as well as the cost of investigating and remediating this matter. I am forwarding this correspondence to the United States Attorney so that the City's position as a victim can be taken into consideration.
 
 
United States Attorney
Southern District of New York


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20110831163031.txt.gz
TIME:20110831163031
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On August 31, 2011, SAIC, Inc. (Company) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the second quarter ended July 31, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
- Revenues: $2.60 billion; down 6 percent
- Operating Income: $209 million; operating margin 8.1 percent
- Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations: $0.32
- Cash Flows from Operations: $56 million
- Net New Business Bookings: $2.3 billion
MCLEAN, Va., August 31, 2011  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, which ended July 31, 2011.
"Our overall results for the quarter were disappointing," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer. "In this challenging government contracting environment, the lack of funding for ongoing programs and for ramping up new work drove a shortfall in revenues and earnings per share. However, we continue to believe there will be areas of growth as evidenced by the encouraging performance in our health, energy and intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance businesses."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the quarter were $2.60 billion, down 6 percent from $2.75 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenue contracted 7 percent during the quarter.
Operating income for the quarter was $209 million (8.1 percent of revenue), compared to $272 million (9.9 percent of revenue) in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. Revenue and operating income for the prior year quarter included a $56 million royalty payment receipt, which accounted for 2 percentage points of the internal revenue contraction and a 210 basis point reduction in operating margin from the prior year quarter.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $112 million compared to $157 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. The decline in income from continuing operations was due to the reduction in operating income described above and additional interest expense from the $750 million of debt issued in December 2010.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.32 compared to $0.42 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, driven by the reduction in income from continuing operations partially offset by a lower share count compared to the prior year quarter. The diluted share count for the quarter was 339 million, down 7 percent from 365 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to share repurchases over the past year.
Segment Operating Results
Effective in fiscal year 2012, the Company redefined its reportable segments into the segments referenced in the chart below. The segment information for the prior year periods has been recast to give effect to the change in reportable segments and for discontinued operations.
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter decreased 6 percent from the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenues contracted 7 percent primarily due to reduced activity on an infrastructure support services program for the Department of Defense (DoD), reduced activity on the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization contract, and the completion of a systems development and implementation contract for certain agencies of the City of New York.
Defense Solutions operating income for the quarter was 8.1 percent of revenue, up from 8.0 percent of revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to effective cost management.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter decreased 2 percent from the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenues contracted 7 percent reflecting reduced activity on certain U.S federal civilian agency programs, including those in support of NASA, and reduced shipments of checked baggage explosive detection systems. Those declines were partially offset by growth in the energy area and the healthcare information technology (IT) area, which benefited from new design-build projects for geothermal plant construction and new programs and expanded program scope with DoD military health system customers, respectively.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 9.1 percent of revenue, consistent with the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, driven by continued strong program performance and reduced infrastructure costs arising from cost efficiency efforts offsetting increased growth-oriented investment in internal research and development spending and increased amortization from recent acquisitions.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter decreased 1 percent from the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenues contracted by 1 percent primarily due to the conclusion of a forward operating base integrated security equipment contract, partially offset by growth on certain intelligence analysis and airborne surveillance programs with DoD customers.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 8.9 percent of revenue, up from 8.1 percent of revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. The improvement in operating margin was the result of reduced infrastructure costs arising from cost efficiency efforts and strong program performance, partially offset by increased growth-oriented investment in internal research and development spending.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating income for the quarter returned to a more normative level and included both a $22 million charge on the proposed settlement of a legal matter involving work performed at the National Center for Critical Information Processing and Storage and a $21 million gain from the ongoing monetization of the company's real estate portfolio. Corporate segment revenue and operating income for the prior year quarter included a $56 million royalty payment receipt.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $56 million, compared to $110 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2011. Cash flows provided by operations for the prior year quarter benefited from the $56 million royalty receipt. Days sales outstanding were 74 days in the quarter versus 66 days in the prior year quarter.
During the quarter, the company used $171 million to repurchase approximately 10.2 million shares of company stock under the company's stock repurchase program. As of July 31, 2011, the company had $1.34 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.85 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $2.3 billion in the second quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.9. Large definite delivery contract awards received during the quarter include:
SAIC received a five-year, $45 million task order to continue to provide technical, engineering, and logistics services to support NAVAIR's Communications and Airborne Networking team. The services SAIC delivers will help NAVAIR plan and manage capabilities for naval aviation use including communication and distribution of voice and data among aircrew.
U.S. Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) Communications and Airborne Networking Support. 
SAIC was awarded a four-year, $30 million contract to provide systems integration services in support of the USMC Total Force Structure Management System (TFSMS). TFSMS is an enterprise IT solution that provides accessible, timely, and accurate information to help organize forces in response to national defense objectives.
U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) Management System Support. 
SAIC was awarded a 30-month, $20 million contract by Turner PCL Flatiron to provide design-build services for security, network, and building and maintenance management systems for the San Diego Regional Airport Authority. This work will support terminal expansion and implementation of a common use systems model at the San Diego International Airport.
San Diego County Regional Airport Authority Design-Build Support. 
Under a six-year, $19 million task order, SAIC will provide software sustainment and development services, as well as training and functional support, for AMC's Consolidated Air Mobility Planning System. The services SAIC provides will help enhance this command-and-control system to meet worldwide airlift and air refueling planning and scheduling needs.
U.S. Air Force Air Mobility Command (AMC) Planning System Support.
In addition, SAIC also won several indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (ID/IQ) contracts that are not included in net bookings. Awards during the quarter include:
Integrated Justice Systems International, LLC, a joint venture of SAIC and Tetra Tech, Inc., received a multiple award ID/IQ contract to provide worldwide civilian police and criminal justice assistance to the Department of State's Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs. The five-year contract has a ceiling of $10 billion for all awardees.
U.S. Department of State Criminal Justice Program Support.
Under a multiple award ID/IQ contract, SAIC will help the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Atlantic procure and deliver command and control equipment and services. The five-year contract has a ceiling value of $500 million for all awardees.
U.S. Navy Command and Control Support.
SAIC received a multiple award ID/IQ contract to provide a broad range of IT services to the VA under the Transformation Twenty-One Total Technology program. The five-year contract has a ceiling value of $12 billion.
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) IT Services Support.
Under a single-award ID/IQ contract with the Army Medical Research and Materiel Command, SAIC will continue to provide scientific and other support services to the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs (CDMRP). CDMRP is a partnership among the U.S. Congress, the public, and the military to support untapped research opportunities. The five-year contract has a ceiling value of $61 million.
U.S. Army Medical Research Support.
SAIC received a multiple-award ID/IQ contract to provide support for Navy and Joint C4ISR systems located at worldwide shore and ship operational commands, centers and facilities. The seven-year contract has a ceiling value of $99 million for all awardees.
U.S. Navy Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) Support.
The company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2012 was $17.7 billion, of which $5.3 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2011, total backlog increased 12 percent while funded backlog decreased 6 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $12.4 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under ID/IQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Acquisitions and Divestitures
During the quarter, the company acquired the transmission and distribution engineering capabilities of Patrick Energy Services, a provider of performance-based transmission and distribution power system solutions.
After the end of the quarter, the company acquired Vitalize Consulting Solutions, Inc., a leading provider of clinical, business and IT services for healthcare enterprises. The acquisition is expected to expand SAIC's health solutions portfolio to help government and commercial customers better address electronic health record implementation and optimization demand.
During the quarter, the company completed the sale to Wipro Ltd. of its operations focused on providing IT services to oil and gas companies. The operations sold include SAIC's U.S. oil and gas IT services business along with subsidiaries located in the United Kingdom, France, India and the Middle East. The $109 million pre-tax gain on this sale contributed to income from discontinued operations, net of tax, of $66 million, or $.18 per diluted share.
Forward Guidance
Based upon its operating and business development performance through the second quarter and its outlook for the second half, the company is revising its expectation for fiscal year 2012 revenues and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. Guidance for cash flows from continuing operations remains unchanged. The revised fiscal 2012 guidance is:
 
 
 
Fiscal year 2012 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 41,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of $11.1 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: changes in the U.S. Government defense budget or budgetary priorities or delays in contract awards or the U.S. budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of August 31, 2011. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 
 
On February 1, 2011, the Company changed its method of recognizing pension expense. This change in accounting has been reported through retrospective application of the new method to all periods presented, with prior year amounts labeled "as adjusted"
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenue to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under ID/IQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three and six months ended July 31, 2011 were calculated as follows:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20111003162931.txt.gz
TIME:20111003162931
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On October 3, 2011, SAIC, Inc. (Company) issued a press release announcing that Walt Havenstein will retire as chief executive officer effective June 15, 2012. The Company's board of directors plans to conduct a thorough and thoughtful search for a successor, considering internal and external candidates. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
(McLean, Va.) Oct. 3, 2011  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI) announced today that Walt Havenstein will retire as chief executive officer effective June 15, 2012. Havenstein said he was leaving for personal reasons.
"The board of directors will conduct a thorough and thoughtful search for a successor, considering internal and external candidates," Havenstein said. "The transition plan we have adopted will allow me to participate in the selection and we will assure a smooth transition."
Havenstein said in a message to employees that "it is an honor to work with you and be associated with the great work you do for our customers and the nation. I am proud of our senior management, our line organization leaders and all of our colleagues. We have accomplished a great deal together and we will continue that record of accomplishment. In the years I have been with SAIC, we have put a strategy in place for the future, and we have structured a more agile, line-driven company to execute that strategy. You have given me every confidence that we will succeed."
Chairman of the Board A. Thomas Young, said, "We are pleased that Walt will continue as CEO as we implement an orderly and constructive transition."
Havenstein came to SAIC after more than 25 years of industry leadership, including serving as president and CEO of BAE Systems, Inc.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The company's approximately 41,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $11 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2011, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20111024171115.txt.gz
TIME:20111024171115
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.
On October 24, 2011, Deborah Alderson, President of the Defense Solutions Group of SAIC, Inc. and Science Applications International Corporation (Company), along with a deputy group president and business unit general manager were removed from their positions and are no longer with the Company. The circumstances of their removal from the Company are described in a memorandum from Walt Havenstein, the Company's chief executive officer, to the Company's employees, a copy of which memorandum is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
Exhibit 99.1     Memorandum dated October 24, 2011, from Walt Havenstein, the Company's chief executive officer, to the Company's employees.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Date:          Oct. 24, 2011
From:         Walt Havenstein
To:             SAIC Employees
Re:             CityTime Update
Colleagues,
First, I want you to know how proud the leadership team is of the work you are doing for our customers. I want to take this opportunity to update you on the CityTime matter and decisions we have made following our review.
The kind of behavior we have seen in CityTime is criminal and is an affront to everything SAIC stands for as a company. SAIC has a long and proud history, with an outstanding reputation for integrity and strong ethical business practices. That's why the actions of those involved are so appalling to me and to all of us at the company.
After a comprehensive review of the CityTime program, including a review of management performance, the Board of Directors and I have decided that certain management changes are essential going forward. The Board and I have concluded that there were failures of management with respect to the CityTime program. Consequently, Deborah Alderson, Defense Solutions Group President, John Lord, Deputy Group President and Peter Dube, General Manager of the Enterprise and Mission Solutions Business Unit, have been removed from their positions and are no longer with the company. While we are aware of no evidence that these individuals had any personal involvement in the fraud uncovered in the CityTime program, and while each has made valuable contributions to SAIC, we must maintain the highest standards for all of our employees and for our industry, beginning with our management team. Management must ensure that ethics and compliance come before profit on every project in this company, and employees must be confident that any concerns they express to their supervisors about ethics or compliance will receive immediate and serious attention. Managers and employees alike should understand that those who are privileged to lead in our company will be held accountable.
On an interim basis, Thomas Baybrook, general manager of the Defense and Maritime Solutions Business Unit, will act as group president; Rick Reynolds, currently deputy general manager of the Enterprise and Mission Solutions Business Unit, will serve as general manager of that business unit.
Next, I want to report on additional steps we have taken. The conduct of some SAIC personnel in regard to CityTime violated our deepest held standards and principles. As you know, two former employees are among those against whom criminal charges have been brought. Our response must be aimed at building vigorous safeguards against such behavior in the future.
To that end, we have engaged an international law firm of impeccable reputation, Gibson Dunn, to undertake a thorough review of key policies and practices in our company, and to recommend changes that will strengthen our culture of ethics, accountability, and compliance. We will report to you on the changes we will be making.
In addition, the Special Committee of the Board of Directors that is overseeing the company's response to CityTime has engaged a recognized independent company, Guidepost Solutions, to undertake its own review and monitor the efforts we are making in response to this matter. Their team is led by the firm's Chairman, Bart Schwartz. He was the Chief of the Criminal Division of the U.S. Attorney's office in New York City and has had numerous court and other appointments as an independent monitor. He has received similar assignments from or with the approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission, The Department of Justice in Washington, D.C., and the U.S Attorney's Office in New York.
Mr. Schwartz and the Guidepost team will have complete access to SAIC and complete independence to report on the work we are doing to ensure that the problems that occurred in Citytime will not happen again.
These are extraordinary actions, but they are necessary to make SAIC the strongest company it can be and are essential to uphold the values and performance standards that guide us all. Although it has been overshadowed, we should also remember that SAIC developed and delivered the customized, one-of-a-kind workforce management system that is CityTime covering 163,000 city employees. It is fully implemented, delivering results, and saving time and money for New York City today.
We will continue to cooperate with the investigation being conducted by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York, and I will continue to update you on the CityTime matter.
When I spoke to you on the subject of CityTime on June 9, I asked each of you to rededicate yourselves to ethical conduct. That still remains the key to our future. If you see or suspect unethical behavior, report it immediately to our hotline, 800-760-4332 where you have my complete assurance of anonymity. I want to thank those SAIC employees who raised concerns about CityTime at various points. We are putting in place vigorous new measures to ensure that similar concerns are fully addressed in the future. But even these actions will not be enough unless each of us works every day to behave ethically and responsibly, and help our colleagues do the same without fear of intimidation or retaliation. You have my personal commitment and that of the Board of Directors and our entire senior management team that this will be the case.
Thank you again for everything you do every day to make SAIC the great company that it is and will continue to be going forward.
Walt Havenstein
Chief Executive Officer


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20111206161055.txt.gz
TIME:20111206161055
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 6, 2011, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the third quarter ended October 31, 2011. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
In accordance with General Instruction B.2 of Form 8-K, the information in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
Exhibit 99.1     Press Release dated December 6, 2011 issued by SAIC, Inc.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
 
 
 
 
MCLEAN, Va., December 6, 2011  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, which ended October 31, 2011.
Results for the quarter were significantly impacted by a $232 million loss provision taken by the Company relating to the investigations concerning the CityTime workforce management contract with the City of New York. Excluding this provision, results from operations in the third quarter were consistent with the Company's expectations.
"Our actions taken in the third quarter in connection with the CityTime situation, including taking the loss provision, were significant and appropriate. During this time, our employees have consistently remained focused on continuing to deliver operational excellence and new capabilities for our customers. Strong new business bookings, generation of cash flow, and other positive milestones this quarter reflect this focus and teamwork," said Walt Havenstein, SAIC chief executive officer.
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2012 were $2.81 billion.
Operating loss for the quarter was $17 million (-0.6 percent of revenue). Operating income excluding the CityTime loss provision was $215 million (7.5 percent of revenue), compared to $252 million (8.9 percent of revenue) in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. The decline in operating income, as adjusted, was primarily due to a $19 million impairment of certain intangible assets associated with the acquisition of CloudShield Technologies, Inc. completed in 2010, and increased expenditures on internal research and development.
Loss from continuing operations for the quarter was $90 million. Income from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision was $119 million compared to $151 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. This decline in income from continuing operations, as adjusted, was attributable to the reduction in operating income described above and additional interest expense from the $750 million of debt issued in December 2010.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $(0.27). Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision were $0.35 compared to $0.41 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. The diluted share count for the quarter was 329 million, down 9 percent from 360 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to share repurchases over the past year.
Segment Operating Results
Effective in fiscal year 2012, the Company redefined its reportable segments into the segments referenced in the chart below. The segment information for the prior year periods has been recast to give effect to the change in reportable segments and for discontinued operations.
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter were $1.117 billion. The entire CityTime loss provision was recorded within the Defense Solutions segment. Defense Solutions revenues excluding the revenue portion of the loss provision were $1.169 billion, and decreased 4 percent from the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. The decline in revenues, as adjusted, was due to the termination of the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization contract, the June 2011 completion and delivery of the CityTime system, and reduced activity on an infrastructure support services program for the Department of Defense (DoD). These declines were partially offset by increased activity on a systems and software maintenance/upgrade program for the U.S. Army and ramp up of a new program to operate and maintain the enterprise network information technology (IT) infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State.
Defense Solutions operating loss for the quarter was $133 million (-11.9 percent of revenue). Defense Solutions operating income excluding the expense portion of the CityTime loss provision was $99 million, or 8.5 percent of revenue, down from 9.3 percent of revenue in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to the conclusion of certain contracts having relatively higher profit levels.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 6 percent from the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenues increased 1 percent due to increased deliveries of non-intrusive cargo inspection systems, increased healthcare IT consulting
services, design-build projects for geothermal plant construction, and an increase in disaster recovery support services. These increases were partially offset by reduced activity on certain U.S. federal civilian agency programs, including those in support of NASA.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 10.6 percent of revenue, up from 8.6 percent of revenue in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, driven by the increased volume of non-intrusive cargo inspection system deliveries, healthcare IT consulting services, and disaster recovery support services, all of which have relatively higher operating margins; strong program performance; and reduced infrastructure costs arising from cost efficiency efforts; partially offset by increased investment in internal research and development spending.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 5 percent from the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, substantially all of which was attributable to internal growth, primarily resulting from increases in airborne surveillance, intelligence analysis, and cybersecurity programs as well as increased material deliveries on an intelligence processing, exploitation and dissemination contract.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 5.6 percent of revenue, down from 8.8 percent of revenue in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. The decline in operating margin was the result of a $19 million impairment of certain intangible assets associated with the CloudShield Technologies acquisition completed in 2010, and an increase in internal research and development spending.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating income returned to a more normative level during the quarter.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $423 million, compared to $321 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2011. The increase in cash flows from operations was due to an improvement in days sales outstanding to 71 days from 74 days at the end of the second quarter, compared to a 3 day increase in days sales outstanding during the prior year quarter.
During the quarter, the Company used $190 million of cash to acquire Vitalize Consulting Solutions, Inc., a leading provider of clinical, business and IT services for healthcare enterprises. Also during the quarter, the Company used $53 million to repurchase approximately 3 million shares of stock, including shares under the Company's stock repurchase program. As of October 31, 2011, the Company had $1.46 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.85 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $3.8 billion in the third quarter, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.3. Notable awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
The Company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2012 was $18.7 billion, of which $6.3 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2011, total backlog increased 16 percent while funded backlog increased 2 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $12.4 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under ID/IQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Due to the CityTime loss provision, the Company has revised its GAAP guidance for fiscal 2012. The company is also presenting guidance on a non-GAAP basis, which excludes the CityTime loss provision. The Company's updated guidance for fiscal 2012 is as follows:
 
Fiscal year 2012 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 41,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $11 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: the outcome of or future developments related to the CityTime investigation; developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, implementation of spending caps or changes in budgetary priorities, or delays in funding or contract awards; delays in the U.S. Government budget process; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; government reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to win contracts with the U.S. Government and others; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to obtain required security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; resolution of legal and other disputes with our
customers and others or legal compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to compete with others in the markets in which we operate; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-176896), as amended, filed on October 4, 2011, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of December 6, 2011. SAIC expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. SAIC also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Paul Levi
703-676-2283
Media Relations:
Vernon Guidry
703-676-6255
guidryjrv@saic.com
 
On February 1, 2011, the Company changed its method of recognizing pension expense. This change in accounting has been reported through retrospective application of the new method to all periods presented, with prior year amounts labeled "as adjusted".
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenue to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The Company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the Company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2011 were calculated as follows:
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to operating income, operating margin, income from continuing operations and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from operating income, operating margin, income from continuing operations and diluted EPS from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to revenue, operating income and operating margin of the Defense Solutions segment excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from Defense Solutions revenue, operating income and operating margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to expectations of diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision, which is a non-GAAP financial measure. The Company calculates this measure by excluding the CityTime loss provision recognized through October 31, 2011 from expected diluted EPS from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
The Company uses this non-GAAP financial measure to provide investors with visibility to how it expects its business to perform excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in this non-GAAP financial measure. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. This financial measures is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Reconciliation of Expected Diluted Earning per Share from Continuing Operations for the Year Ended January 31, 2012:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120131150955.txt.gz
TIME:20120131150955
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective January 31, 2012, the Board of Directors of SAIC, Inc. adopted amendments to the corporation's bylaws to:
 
 
 
The bylaws of SAIC, Inc., as amended, are attached to this report as Exhibit 3.1 and are incorporated by reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
 
 
Section 1.01 The registered office of SAIC, Inc. (the "Corporation") in the State of Delaware shall be at 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof shall be The Corporation Trust Company.
Registered Office.
Section 1.02 The principal office for the transaction of the business of the Corporation shall be at 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. The Board of Directors (the "Board") is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal office from one location to another.
Principal Office.
Section 1.03 The Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.
Other Offices.
Section 2.01 An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.
Annual Meetings.
Section 2.02
Special Meetings.
(a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board, or by a committee of the Board which has been duly designated by the Board and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board or in the Bylaws, include the power to call such meetings, and shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation following the Secretary's receipt of written requests to call a meeting of stockholders (a "Special Meeting Request") from one stockholder of record owning at least ten percent (10%), or one or more stockholders of record of shares representing in the aggregate at least twenty-five percent (25%), in each case of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting, voting as a single class, and who have delivered such requests in accordance with and subject to the provisions of these Bylaws (as amended from time to time), including any limitations set forth in these Bylaws on the ability to make such a request for such a special meeting. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law") (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
(b) In determining whether Special Meeting Requests have met the requirements of this Section 2.02, multiple Special Meeting Requests will not be considered together if they relate to different items of business. Additionally, in order to be valid, all Special Meeting Requests must have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. A Special Meeting Request shall be signed by each stockholder, or duly authorized agent, requesting the special meeting and shall set forth: (i) a brief description of each matter of business desired to be brought before the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting, (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), (iii) any material interest of each stockholder and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the special meeting is being requested in the business desired to be brought before the special meeting, (iv) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of each stockholder requesting the special meeting and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the special meeting is being requested, (v) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned by each stockholder requesting the special meeting and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the
 
special meeting is being requested, and (vi) any other information that is required to be set forth in a stockholder's notice required pursuant to Section 2.07 of these Bylaws and, if the purpose of the special meeting includes the appointment or election of one or more directors to the Board, Section 3.03 of these Bylaws.
A stockholder may revoke a Special Meeting Request at any time prior to the special meeting; provided however, that if any such revocations are received by the Secretary and, as a result of such revocation, the number of un-revoked Special Meeting Requests no longer represents at least the requisite number of shares entitling the stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting pursuant to Section 2.02(a), then the Board shall have the discretion to determine whether or not to proceed with the special meeting. If none of the stockholders who submitted the Special Meeting Request appear or send a qualified representative (as defined in these Bylaws) to present the proposal(s) or business submitted by the stockholders for consideration at the special meeting, such proposal(s) or business shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation or such stockholder(s).
A Special Meeting Request shall not be valid (and the Board shall have no obligation to call a special meeting in respect of such Special Meeting Request) if it relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law.
The Board shall determine the place, if any, and fix the date and time, of any stockholder requested special meeting. The Board may submit its own proposal or proposals for consideration at a stockholder requested special meeting.
Section 2.03 All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may from time to time be designated by the person or persons calling the respective meeting and specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof.
Time and Place of Meetings.
Section 2.04
Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice.
(a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given to stockholders of the Corporation, as required by applicable law, which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Notice may be given by such delivery means (mail, telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law and shall be delivered to the stockholder's address as it appears on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. Unless otherwise required by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise expressly required by Delaware Law, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
(b) Any waiver of any such notice given by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and such person objects at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.
Section 2.05 Except as provided by Delaware Law, the holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment thereof. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat or, in the absence therefrom of all the stockholders, any officer entitled to preside at, or to act as a secretary of, such meeting may adjourn such
Quorum.
 
meeting from time to time. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
Section 2.06
Voting.
(a) At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder shall be entitled to vote, in person or by proxy, each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by such stockholder and registered in such stockholder's name on the books of the Corporation:
(i) on the date fixed pursuant to Section 6.05 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, or
(ii) if no such record date shall have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given or (b) if notice of the meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting shall be held.
(b) Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors in such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes.
(c) Any such voting rights may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his or her proxy delivered to the secretary of the meeting; , that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer period. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, Delaware Law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, shall be decided by the vote of a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or unless so directed by the chair of the meeting. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his or her proxy, if there be such proxy, and it shall state the number of shares voted.
provided, however
Section 2.07 Only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board, which must comply with the provisions of Section 3.03(b)) may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders as is either (1) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (2) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (3) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.07 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.07. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Business at Annual Meeting (other than the Election of Directors).
A stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth: (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and the text of the business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (b) as to the stockholder
 
giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation, and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such business, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) whether the stockholder giving notice intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such proposal; (v) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the annual meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law).
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07, unless otherwise required by law or the Board or the chair of the annual meeting determines otherwise, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.07, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.07; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting.
The chair of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.07 and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
Section 2.08 The Secretary of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in
List of Stockholders.
 
the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, as required by applicable law. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
Section 2.09 Prior to each meeting of the stockholders, one or more inspectors shall be appointed by the Board, or, if no such appointment shall have been made, such inspectors shall be appointed by the chair of the meeting, to act thereat. Each inspector so appointed shall first subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of an inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. Such inspector(s) shall take charge of the ballots at such meeting, count the ballots cast on any question and deliver a written report of the results thereof to the secretary of such meeting. The inspector(s) need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Any officer of the Corporation may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against his or her election to any position with the Corporation or on any other question in which he or she may be directly interested other than as a stockholder.
Inspectors.
Section 2.10 The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations adopted by the Board, the chair of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; and (c) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.
Regulations for Conduct of Stockholders Meeting.
Section 3.01 The property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by Delaware Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders of the Corporation.
General Powers.
Section 3.02 The exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits specified in the Certificate of Incorporation, by resolution of the Board.
Number.
Section 3.03
Election of Directors.
(a) The directors shall be elected annually by the stockholders of the Corporation. A nominee for director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of votes cast with respect to such nominee's election, except that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in a contested election. An election is contested if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. For election of directors, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast "for" a nominee exceeds the votes cast "against" that nominee, without counting abstentions as votes cast. If directors are to be elected by a plurality vote, stockholders may not vote against a nominee.
Voting.
(b) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a meeting of stockholders (1) by or at the direction of the Board, (2) by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or any other duly authorized committee of the Board), or (3) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 3.03(b) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.03(b). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of
Nomination of Directors.
 
business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Such stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of such person; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (v) a representation whether such stockholder intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation.
 
A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting of stockholders shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such meeting.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 3.03(b) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.
The chair of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure and, if the chair should so determine, the chair shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(b), unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Board or the chair of the annual meeting determines otherwise, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 3.03(b), to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
Section 3.04 Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice or notice by electronic transmission to the Board or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 3.05 Unless otherwise restricted by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board may be removed with or without cause by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Removal.
Section 3.06 Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy in the Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until such director shall resign or shall have been removed.
Vacancies.
Section 3.07 The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after each annual election of directors and notice of such first meeting shall not be required.
First Meeting.
Section 3.08 Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such times as the Board shall from time to time by resolution determine. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the next succeeding business day not a legal holiday. Except as provided by applicable law, notice of regular meetings need not be given.
Regular Meetings.
Section 3.09 Special meetings of the Board may be called at any time by the Chair of the Board, by the Chief Executive Officer or by the Secretary upon the written request of at least one-third of the directors then in office. Such meetings shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place or places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting may designate.
Special Meetings.
 
Section 3.10 The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any of these Bylaws. Any such committee shall keep written minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board at the next regular meeting of the Board. Any Board committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of such committee, and delegate to the subcommittee any or all of the powers of the committee.
Committees.
Section 3.11 Notice of all special meetings of the Board or a committee shall be mailed to each director, addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business, at least five (5) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be personally delivered or otherwise given by such delivery means (telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law, at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held. Such notice may be waived by any director and any meeting shall be a legal meeting without notice having been given if all the directors shall be present thereat or if those not present shall, either before or after the meeting, waive notice of or consent to (in writing or by electronic transmission) such meeting or shall after the meeting sign the approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or be made a part of the minutes of the meeting.
Notice of Meetings.
Section 3.12 The Board (or committee of the Board) may hold any of its meetings at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board (or the committee) may from time to time by resolution designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons calling the meeting or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such meeting. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board or a committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Place of Meeting, Etc.
Section 3.13 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by Delaware Law, the presence of a majority of the total number of directors shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board and the presence of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on a committee of the Board shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee, and all matters shall be decided at any such meeting, a quorum being present, by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors present. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority of directors present may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given. The directors shall act only as a Board or as a committee thereof, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.
Quorum and Manner of Acting.
Section 3.14 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, as the case may be, and such written consent or electronic transmission is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
Action by Consent.
Section 3.15 The directors shall receive such compensation for their services as directors, and such additional compensation for their services as members of any committees of the Board, as may be authorized by the Board.
Compensation.
Section 3.16 The Board may elect or appoint, from among its members, a Chair of the Board and one or more Vice Chairs of the Board, who shall not be considered by virtue of holding such position officers of the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and of the Board. The Chair of the Board shall perform, under the direction and subject to the
Officers of the Board.
 
control of the Board, all duties incident to the office of Chair of the Board and such other duties as the Board may assign to the Chair of the Board from time to time.
Section 4.01 The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, one or more Presidents of various ranks, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Controller and a Treasurer, all of whom shall serve under the direction and subject to the control of the Board.
Principal Officers.
Section 4.02 Except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with Section 4.03 or 4.06, the officers of the Corporation, shall be elected annually (or at such other intervals as the Board may determine) by the Board. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service.
Election.
Section 4.03 In addition to the principal officers designated in Section 4.01, the Board, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time appoint such other officers and agents as each of them may deem necessary or advisable, including one or more Vice Presidents of various rank, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and an Assistant Controller, each of which officers and agents shall be subject to the control of the Board and have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board, Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service. The Board may also delegate to any other principal officer or committee established by the Board the power to appoint any such additional officers and agents.
Additional Officers and Agents.
Section 4.04 All officers and agents of the Corporation, elected or appointed by the Board, may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by (a) resolution adopted by the Board or (b) if the officer or agent shall have been appointed by a committee of the Board or another officer duly authorized by the Board or these Bylaws, by such appointing committee or officer.
Removal.
Section 4.05 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 4.06 A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or other cause, may be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.
Vacancies.
Section 4.07 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board to the Chair of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, if such officer is appointed, shall, subject to the control of the Board, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the Corporation. In the event of the death, disability or other absence of the Chair of the Board, the duties of the Chair of the Board may be performed by the Chief Executive Officer, including presiding at any meeting of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers or agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Vice Presidents of various rank or other officers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officers.
Chief Executive Officer.
Section 4.08 Individuals appointed to the office of President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as the Board or Chief Executive Officer may assign to such President from time to time. The President may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has authorized to be
President(s).
 
executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers of agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. Individuals appointed to the office of President Federal Business, President of another organizational unit of the Corporation or Group President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President of the Corporation and shall have such other duties as the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation may assign to such officers from time to time.
Section 4.09 Each Vice President of the Corporation shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or President, such duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other office or officers may assign to such Vice President from time to time. Vice Presidents of the Corporation may be further designated as Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents or such other similar title as the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other officer or officers may designate.
Vice Presidents.
Section 4.10 The Secretary of the Corporation or his or her designee shall attend all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board and committees established by the Board and shall record correctly the proceedings of such meetings in a book suitable for such purposes. The Secretary shall attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all stock certificates issued by the Corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept a stock ledger in which all transactions pertaining to shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation shall be correctly recorded. The Secretary shall also attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all deeds, conveyances or other instruments requiring the seal of the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and special meetings of the Board or committees established by the Board. The Secretary is authorized to issue certificates, to which the corporate seal may be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of officers of the Corporation or to actions duly taken by the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board or any committee established by the Board. The Secretary shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Secretary from time to time. The duties of the Secretary may also be performed by any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Secretary.
Section 4.11 The Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation in general shall supervise all of the financial affairs of the Corporation, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Chief Financial Officer from time to time.
Chief Financial Officer.
Section 4.12 The Treasurer of the Corporation shall have the care and custody of all the funds, notes, bonds, debentures, stock and other securities of the Corporation that may come into the hands of the Treasurer, acting in such capacity. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the investment and reinvestment of funds of the Corporation in accordance with general investment policies determined from time to time by the Corporation and shall ensure that the Corporation is adequately funded at all times by arranging, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer, for the issuance of debt, equity and other forms of securities that may be necessary or appropriate. The Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) checks, drafts, notes, bonds, debentures and other instruments for the payment of money for deposit or collection when necessary or appropriate and may deposit the same to the credit of the Corporation in such banks or depositories as the Board may designate from time to time, and the Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) all commercial documents requiring endorsements for or on behalf of the Corporation. The Treasurer may deliver instructions to financial institutions by facsimile or otherwise. The Treasurer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) all receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall render an account of the Treasurer's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Treasurer shall enter regularly in the books to be kept by the Treasurer for that purpose, a full and adequate account of all monies received and paid by the Treasurer on account of the Corporation. If requested by the Board, the Treasurer shall give a bond to the Corporation for the faithful performance of the
Treasurer.
 
Treasurer's duties, the expenses of which bond shall be borne by the Corporation. The Treasurer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer may assign to the Treasurer from time to time. The duties of the Treasurer may be performed by any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Section 4.13 The Controller of the Corporation shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation, shall maintain adequate records of all assets, liabilities and transactions of the Corporation and shall be responsible for the design, installation and maintenance of accounting and cost control systems and procedures throughout the Corporation. The Controller also shall keep in books belonging to the Corporation full and accurate accounts of receipts of, and disbursements made by, the Corporation. The Controller shall render an account of the Controller's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Controller shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Controller and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, may assign to the Controller from time to time. The duties of the Controller may also be performed by any Assistant Controller of the Corporation. The Controller shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Controllers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Controller.
Section 5.01 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Board may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and unless so authorized by the Board or by these Bylaws, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or in any amount.
Execution of Contracts.
Section 5.02 All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney shall give such bond, if any, as the Board may require.
Checks, Drafts, Etc.
Section 5.03 All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may select, or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of collection for the account of the Corporation, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any President, the Treasurer or any Vice President who has been authorized by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer to do so (or any other officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation who shall from time to time be determined by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the Corporation.
Deposits.
Section 5.04 The Board (or a committee of the Board to which such power is delegated) may from time to time authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts with such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board (or committee) may select or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws, as it may deem expedient.
General and Special Bank Accounts.
 
Section 6.01
Certificates Representing Stock.
(a) Certificates (if any) representing shares of stock or any bond, debenture or other corporate securities of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, and shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Any of or all of the signatures on the certificates may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, any such certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature shall have been placed thereupon, were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
Form and Execution of Certificates.
(b) If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of Delaware Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.
Special Designation on Certificates.
(c) Except as provided in this Section 6.01(c), no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and canceled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed certificate, or the owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate; provided, however, that a new certificate or uncertificated share may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, or the Secretary of the Corporation, it is proper so to do.
Lost Certificates.
Section 6.02 Subject to any conditions imposed by Delaware Law, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof any written notice prescribed by Delaware Law.
Uncertificated Shares.
Section 6.03 Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registrations of transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by the attorney of the registered holder thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent, if any, and with respect to shares represented by certificates, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed, and with respect to uncertificated shares, upon the execution by the transferor and transferee of all transfer documents in such form as the Corporation shall reasonably require, and, with respect to all shares, upon the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation. Whenever any shares are pledged for collateral security such fact shall be reflected on the books of the Corporation.
Transfers of Stock.
Section 6.04 The Board may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them.
Regulations.
 
Section 6.05 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If in any case involving the determination of stockholders for any purpose other than notice of or voting at a meeting of stockholders, the Board shall not fix such a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for such purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board shall adopt the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.
Section 7.01 The Board shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation and words and figures showing that the Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and the year of incorporation.
Seal.
Section 7.02 Whenever notice is required to be given by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or Delaware Law, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice (in writing or by electronic transmission), either before or after the time stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to notice.
Waiver of Notices.
Section 7.03 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of February in each year.
Fiscal Year.
Section 7.04 These Bylaws, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws may be made by the Board, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then in office as directors, acting at any meeting of the Board. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Amendments.
Section 7.05 The Corporation engages in the practice of engineering in various jurisdictions which regulate such practice, including the State of Washington. In order to comply with the laws of such jurisdictions, including the State of Washington, all engineering decisions pertaining to any project or engineering activities in any such jurisdiction shall be made by a designated engineer licensed to practice in such jurisdiction who shall be appointed by the Board from time to time as vacancies occur.
Designation of Engineer.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120221155759.txt.gz
TIME:20120221155759
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 21, 2012, we announced that General John P. Jumper (USAF Retired) will succeed Walter P. Havenstein as chief executive officer of SAIC, Inc. on March 1, 2012. A copy of the press release announcing the election of General Jumper as CEO is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
After a distinguished military career, General Jumper retired from the United States Air Force in 2005. As Chief of Staff, he served as the senior military officer in the Air Force and was a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, providing military advice to the Secretary of Defense, National Security Council and the President. He was also responsible for leading more than 700,000 military, civilian, Air National Guard, and Air Force Reserve men and women and administering annual budgets in excess of $100 billion. During his career, he served as Commander, Air Combat Command; commanded U.S. Air Forces in Europe; and served as Senior Military Assistant to the Secretary of Defense. General Jumper holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from Virginia Military Institute and a Master of Business Administration degree from Golden Gate University.
Since 2007, General Jumper has served on SAIC's Board of Directors and on the Board's Audit Committee and Classified Business Oversight Committee. As CEO, General Jumper will continue to serve as a member of the Board of Directors and the Classified Business Oversight Committee, but will no longer serve on the Audit Committee.
General Jumper currently serves as a director of Goodrich Corporation, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., WESCO Aircraft Holdings, Inc. and NACCO Industries, Inc. He has also served on the board of directors of TechTeam Global, Inc. and Somanetics Corporation during the past five years. In addition, he serves on several non-profit and charitable boards.
The compensation and terms on which General Jumper will serve as CEO have not yet been determined. General Jumper, age 67, was exempted by the Board of Directors from the mandatory retirement age of 65 for executive officers and employee directors under company policy and our Corporate Governance Guidelines.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
(MCLEAN, Va.), February 21, 2012  SAIC, Inc.'s (NYSE: SAI) Board of Directors announced today that John P. Jumper will succeed Walter P. Havenstein as chief executive officer on March 1, 2012. Jumper joined SAIC's board as Director in June, 2007. From September 2001 to November 2005, Jumper was the Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force, serving as the most senior uniformed Air Force officer responsible for the organization, training and equipping of active-duty, guard, reserve and civilian forces serving in the United States and overseas.
In announcing the board's actions, A. Thomas Young, non-executive chair of the board, said, "Given SAIC's focus on providing the most advanced technical solutions to war fighters and government and commercial customers, after an exhaustive search of candidates the Board viewed Jumper as uniquely qualified to lead SAIC at this time. His leadership and experience particularly in national security have been invaluable to the Board of Directors these past 5 years. He knows our business and the industry extremely well and we are confident he will continue our 43-year tradition of success, outstanding customer satisfaction and superior performance."
"I am honored to have been selected to lead SAIC and am keen to face the challenges ahead in our industry," Jumper said. "Also, I am grateful to be given the opportunity to build upon the successes we've achieved under Walt Havenstein's leadership. He's positioned the company to take unique advantage of our strengths. I look forward to leading SAIC as we continue to provide solutions vital to our nation."
Havenstein, who has led the company since September of 2009, announced his retirement in October, 2011.
"I am proud to have led such a talented and successful team," said Havenstein. "It has been a great honor to have supported our men and women serving on the front lines around the world in defense of freedom. And it is humbling to be succeeded by such a capable, talented and dedicated leader as John Jumper."
"Walt has taken SAIC to new levels during his tenure," said Young. "Thanks to his leadership, today we're an $11 billion company, with strong positions in our markets and I am optimistic about our future. The Board and I are very grateful to Walt for his acumen, vision and stellar management."
Jumper, who will remain a member of SAIC's Board of Directors, retired from the United States Air Force in 2005 after nearly 40 years of service. As a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he functioned as a military advisor to the Secretary of Defense, National Security Council and the President.
Jumper earned his commission in the Air Force as a distinguished graduate of Virginia Military Institute's ROTC program in 1966. He has commanded at all levels, from squadron to numbered Air Force to coalition and Allied Air Forces commands. A command pilot, Jumper has more than 5000 flying hours, including 1,400 combat flight hours.
He has also served at the Pentagon as Deputy Chief of Staff for Air and Space Operations, as the Senior Military Assistant to two secretaries of defense, and as Special Assistant to the Chief of Staff for Roles and Missions.
Jumper's tenure on SAIC's Board of Directors has been marked by the company's sustained growth, strong position in key markets, innovation and strong customer affinity. Jumper holds a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from the Virginia Military Institute and a Master of Business Administration degree from Golden Gate University. He is a graduate of both the Air Command and Staff College and the National War College.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy & environment, health, and cybersecurity. The company's approximately 41,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $11 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit .
www.saic.com
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2011, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120224161808.txt.gz
TIME:20120224161808
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 23, 2012, we entered into a letter agreement with Walter P. Havenstein relating to his retirement as the Company's Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Havenstein's retirement as CEO and his resignation as a director will be effective February 29, 2012.
The agreement provides that Mr. Havenstein will receive his normal base salary and benefits through his retirement date and a lump sum payment on his retirement date equal to his base salary prorated from the retirement date through January 31, 2013. In addition, Mr. Havenstein will be entitled to receive a cash incentive award for the fiscal year recently ended on January 31, 2012 and for the current fiscal year ending January 31, 2013 (prorated based on the length of his service during this fiscal year). The cash incentive awards will be determined based on the achievement of the pre-established performance criteria for the applicable year.
The agreement further provides that the remaining unvested portion of the restricted stock awards and stock option awards granted to Mr. Havenstein on September 21, 2009 as an inducement to join our company will become vested on his retirement date. All other equity or equity-based awards subsequently granted to him that are scheduled to vest after the retirement date will be forfeited. The vested portion of Mr. Havenstein's options will remain exercisable for 90 days following his retirement date in accordance with the provisions of his option agreements.
In consideration, Mr. Havenstein agreed that, through March 31, 2013, he will not (i) engage in or accept employment by any business in competition with us in the United States, or (ii) render services or act on behalf of any entity which provides the same or competitive products or services as we provide in the United States, or (iii) solicit any customer or teammate of ours for purposes of providing products or services in competition with us.
Finally, the agreement reaffirms Mr. Havenstein's existing confidentiality, compensation disgorgement and non-solicitation obligations and includes customary mutual non-disparagement and release of claims provisions.
A copy of the agreement is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated by reference.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
February 23, 2012
Walter P. Havenstein
1710 SAIC Dr.
McLean, VA 22102
Dear Walt:
This letter memorializes the terms of your retirement from SAIC, Inc. and Science Applications International Corporation (collectively, the "Company").
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Thank you for your contributions to the Company and best wishes for your retirement. If you have any questions or would like to discuss any item outlined above please feel free to contact me directly.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120302170559.txt.gz
TIME:20120302170559
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On February 21, 2012, we filed a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing that John P. Jumper was elected as chief executive officer of SAIC, Inc. effective as of March 1, 2012. On March 1, 2012, the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors approved Mr. Jumper's compensation and other terms of employment.
Mr. Jumper will receive a one-time sign-on cash award of $150,000 and will earn an annual base salary of $1.2 million for our fiscal year ending January 31, 2013 (fiscal year 2013). He will also be eligible to participate in SAIC's incentive compensation program, which includes cash incentive awards and equity awards. Mr. Jumper's target cash incentive award for fiscal year 2013 will be $1.4 million, with the potential to earn up to $2.205 million for extraordinary performance. The actual amount of the cash incentive award will be based upon both corporate performance and the achievement of individual performance objectives for fiscal year 2013. He will also be eligible to receive equity awards valued at up to $4.5 million, of which approximately 50% are expected to be in the form of performance share awards, 25% in the form of options to purchase SAIC common stock and 25% in the form of restricted stock units. These awards are expected to be granted on March 30, 2012, our next pre-established equity award grant date. Mr. Jumper will be eligible to elect to defer all or a portion of any cash or equity awards granted to him under our cash incentive and equity incentive plans. Mr. Jumper will also be eligible to participate in SAIC's standard employee benefit programs, including medical, dental, life and disability insurance and participation in the SAIC retirement plan.
If Mr. Jumper's employment is involuntarily terminated by SAIC during the first two years of employment for reasons other than cause, his base salary, target short-term cash incentives and benefits will continue for the balance of that period, subject to his agreement to release SAIC of any claims and to abide by certain restrictive covenants. In the event of a change in control, Mr. Jumper will be eligible for the severance benefits made available to other executive officers under our standard form of severance protection agreement if his employment is involuntarily terminated without cause or he resigns for good reason within 24 months following the change in control.
As previously reported, Mr. Jumper will remain as a member of the company's Board of Directors and the Board's Classified Business Oversight Committee. However, effective with the commencement of employment on March 1, 2012, Mr. Jumper has resigned from the Audit Committee.
The employment letter agreement and stock offer letter provided to Mr. Jumper are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 

Exhibit 10.1
February 29, 2012
Mr. John P. Jumper
18019 Pinnacle Drive
Spotsylvania, VA 22551
Dear John,
On behalf of Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), I am pleased to present the terms of your compensation and other matters related to your position as Chief Executive Officer for Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC).
1
As CEO, you will report directly to the SAIC Board of Directors. You will also retain your membership on the Board of Directors of SAIC, but will resign your position on the audit committee effective March 1, 2012. Your primary office location will be in McLean, VA. Your weekly base salary will be $23,076.93, which is equivalent to a rate of $1,200,000 per year. In addition, you will receive a one-time sign-on incentive consisting of cash in the amount of $150,000, less payroll tax withholding, to be paid within a reasonable time after you start date.
2
We would like you to start work no later than Thursday, March 1, 2012.
As a senior member of the SAIC management team, you will participate in our incentive compensation plan, which has both a short-term and a long-term component. Your target short-term performance bonus for the SAIC fiscal year 2013 (FY13), which ends on February 1, 2013, will be $1,400,000, with the potential for up to $2,205,000 for extraordinary performance. Short-term bonuses are payable in cash. You will also be eligible for a long-term (LTI) bonus expected to be distributed approximately 50% in performance shares, 25% in restricted stock units and 25% in options; the details of which will be explained in a separate letter. Awards for FY13 are granted in March or April of 2013 and based on both corporate performance and achievement of your FY13 performance objectives.
If your employment is involuntarily terminated by SAIC during the first two years of employment for reasons other than cause, SAIC will continue base salary, target short-term incentive and benefits for the balance of that period;
3
provided, however, that if you become entitled to greater severance benefits pursuant to a separate Severance Protection Agreement or other arrangement authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, then such other severance benefits will apply in lieu of this letter. Except as otherwise specifically set forth in writing the severance benefits described in this letter will be SAIC's sole and exclusive obligation to you in the event you are terminated for reasons other than cause. In return for those separation benefits, you will be required to sign a release and a non-compete/non-solicitation agreement.
4
This offer is contingent upon the following:
 
 
 
 
For over 40 years, SAIC's commitment to technical innovation, quality service and strong ethical standards has formed a strong foundation for employee leadership and career advancement contributing to our business success. It is SAIC's goal to foster an environment of rewarding professional challenges and opportunities. We look forward to having you as part of our team where you will have the opportunity to play a vital role in our continued success while continuing to nurture your career.
Please confirm your acceptance of these terms by signing below and completing the required pre-employment forms. Your acceptance is only valid upon receipt of your signed documents by SAIC. To accept these terms please sign and date below and return the pre-employment documents provided to you on February 27 to me in person or by email to george.b.reiter@saic.com by March 1, 2012. You should also return one copy of this letter with your signature, to me in the enclosed envelope.
We at SAIC are enthusiastic about your new role and are looking forward to working with you. Should you have any questions regarding this offer please feel free to contact me at (703) 676-4310 or (703) 608-5607.
Sincerely,
/s/ Brian F. Keenan
Brian F. Keenan
Executive Vice President
Human Resources
I hereby accept the foregoing terms of employment and acknowledge that no representations, offers or commitments, other than those contained herein, have been issued, given or made whatsoever. I understand that this agreement does not constitute a guarantee of employment for a fixed period and that my employment relationship with SAIC is at will.
I accept the terms and conditions set forth above.
 
 
SAIC is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. All employment with SAIC is "At Will".

Exhibit 10.2
February 29, 2012
Mr. John P. Jumper
18019 Pinnacle Drive
Spotsylvania, VA 22551
Dear Mr. Jumper:
Should you accept the terms of employment with SAIC separately presented to you, a recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted equity awards having an aggregate value of $4,500,000. This is the long term incentive award referred to in our separate letter. The equity awards will be comprised of non-qualified options to purchase SAIC common stock, restricted stock units representing shares of SAIC common stock and a performance share award, each as described below, and granted pursuant to SAIC's 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan").
A recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted a non-qualified option to purchase shares of SAIC common stock. Such option grant will (i) be made effective as of March 30, 2012, (ii) have a per share exercise price equal to the closing sales price of SAIC's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day before the grant date in accordance with the terms of the Plan, (iii) be exercisable for a number of shares of common stock resulting in such option grant having a value of $1,125,000 as of the Grant Date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and rounded up to the nearest whole share, and (iv) vest and become exercisable (on a cumulative basis) as to 20%, 20%, 20% and 40% of the shares on the first, second, third and fourth year anniversaries of the grant date, respectively.
In addition, a recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted a performance share award. Such performance share award will (i) be made effective as of March 30, 2012, (ii) have a target number of shares determined by dividing $2,250,000 by the closing sales price of SAIC's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day before the grant date and rounded up to the nearest whole share, (iii) be on the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, the form of Performance Share Award Agreement approved by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee and the performance share award program for the three-year performance period covering fiscal year 2013 through fiscal year 2015 as approved by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee (the "FY13-FY15 PSA Program").
In addition, a recommendation will be submitted to the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors requesting that you be granted restricted stock units pursuant to the Plan. Such grants shall (i) be made effective as of March 30, 2012, (ii) be for a number of underlying shares determined by dividing $1,125,000 by the closing sales price of SAIC's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the trading day before the grant date and rounding up to the nearest whole share, and (iii) vest (on a cumulative basis) as to 20%, 20%, 20% and 40% of the shares on the first, second, third and fourth year anniversaries of the grant date, respectively.
If these recommendations are approved by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, any offer of securities will be based upon the 2006 Equity Incentive Plan Summary and Prospectus, a copy of which will be provided to you. If you have any questions regarding the acquisition of securities of SAIC, Inc., please contact me at (858) 826-7320.
Very truly yours,
SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
/s/ Nancy A. Walker
Nancy A. Walker
Senior Paralegal


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120305153100.txt.gz
TIME:20120305153100
EVENTS:	Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers: Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 2, 2012, our Board of Directors elected K. Stuart Shea as our Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Shea, age 55, has served as our Group President for the Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance Group since October 2007. He previously served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Space and Geospatial Intelligence business unit from October 2005 to October 2007. Prior to joining us, Mr. Shea served as Vice President of Northrop Grumman Corporation's TASC Space and Intelligence operating unit from 1999 until 2005. Mr. Shea's business experience is more fully described in the press release furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
Our Board of Directors also elected John P. Jumper, age 67, as of President of the company on March 2, 2012, in addition to his recent election as our Chief Executive Officer. General Jumper served in the United States Air Force until 2005. As Chief of Staff, he served as the senior military officer in the Air Force and was a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, providing military advice to the Secretary of Defense, National Security Council and the President. He has served on our board of directors since 2007. General Jumper's election as our Chief Executive Officer was previously reported in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 21, 2012.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
MCLEAN, Va., Mar. 5, 2012 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ SAIC, Inc.'s (NYSE: SAI) announced today that Stu Shea, president of SAIC's Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) Group, is the chief operating officer effective immediately. Shea currently leads nearly 13,000 scientists and engineers providing support for customers across the full spectrum of national security programs.
"Stu has dedicated his life to serving our nation by aligning his passion for leadership, mentoring, community service, and business performance all to build capabilities to serve our warfighters," said CEO John Jumper. "In doing so, Stu has distinguished himself through a successful combination of business and professional accomplishments that have served SAIC and the nation well."
"I am honored to have been selected as the COO of SAIC and am excited about working with John Jumper to face the challenges ahead in our industry," Shea said. "Also, I am grateful to be given the opportunity to work with an extraordinary leadership team in refining and executing our strategy for growth. I look forward to maximizing our operational performance for our shareholders as we continue to provide solutions vital to our customers' most important missions."
Prior to joining SAIC in October 2005, Shea served as vice president, Space and Intelligence, in the TASC Business Unit of Northrop Grumman Corporation. Under his leadership, the unit provided mission support to the 16 agencies under the purview of Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Department of Defense's space superiority programs. Earlier in his career, he held several leadership positions with PAR Technology Corporation.
In 2003, Shea was named to the 12-member National Commission for the Review of the Research and Development Programs of the U.S. Intelligence Community, which was established by Congress to review the full range of current research and development programs in the intelligence community.
Shea currently serves as Chairman of the Board for two SAIC subsidiaries: CloudShield Technologies, Inc. and Science, Engineering and Technology Associates Corporation (SET), and previously served as Chairman of three others. He is the Chairman and CEO of the United States Geospatial Intelligence Foundation, a member of the University of Kansas College of Liberal Arts & Sciences Advisory Board, the Intelligence and National Security Alliance (INSA) Advisory Board, and has previously served as a Member of the Advisory Board of the University of Virginia's Department of Systems and Information Engineering. Shea is an internationally recognized author and has served on several major international refereed journal editorial boards. He served as a , National Academy of Sciences, National Research Council, Commission on Engineering and Technical Systems, Marine Board. He is a former National Director, Cartography and Geographic Information Society, member of the Sustaining Member Council for the American Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing, and is a , American Congress on Surveying and Mapping. Shea is a 2009 recipient of the Federal Computer Week Fed100 award for the top executives in the IT industry.
Committee Member
Fellow
Shea received a Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York at Albany and a Master of Arts degree from the University of Kansas. In addition, he is a graduate of numerous executive education programs, including the Darden School of the University of Virginia, Harvard Business School, the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, and The George Washington University's School of Business and Public Management.
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy & environment, health, and cybersecurity. The company's approximately 41,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $11 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit .
About SAIC
http://www.saic.com/
SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2011, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120314114102.txt.gz
TIME:20120314114102
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 14, 2012, the Company announced that it reached a settlement with the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and the City of New York (City) relating to investigations surrounding an automated time and attendance and workforce management system (CityTime) the Company developed and implemented for certain City agencies. In connection with this settlement, the Company entered into a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with the U.S. Attorney's Office effective March 14, 2012. Under the DPA, the Company agreed to pay to the United States approximately $500.4 million, comprised of $370.4 million in restitution that will be paid to the City by the U.S. Government, and a $130 million penalty. The City and the Company exchanged mutual releases upon execution of the DPA, releasing each other from all claims arising out of the CityTime contract. The Company's release of the City will terminate the Company's right to collect approximately $40 million in a receivable the City owed to the Company under the terms of the CityTime contract.
Under the terms of the DPA, the U.S. Attorney's Office will defer prosecution of a single criminal count against the Company, which alleged that the Company, through the conduct of certain managerial employees and others, caused the City to significantly overpay for the CityTime system. If the Company complies with the terms of the DPA, the U.S Attorney will dismiss the criminal count at the end of a three-year period. Under the DPA, the Company has agreed, among other things, to retain an independent monitor, selected by the U.S. Attorney's Office after consultation with the Company, who will report periodically to the U.S. Attorney's Office and who will have broad authority to monitor and make recommendations on a number of the Company's policies and practices. The DPA provides that the monitor will serve for a period of three years, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances.
With a substantial portion of the Company's business derived from U.S. Government contracts, the Company has been in discussions with its U.S. Government customers regarding the CityTime matter, including the DPA and resolution of the matter with the U.S. Attorney's Office and the City. While the Company does not expect to be terminated on existing government contracts or precluded from bidding on new government contracts, it is working to resolve these matters with these government customers as quickly as possible, but no assurances can be given as to the timing or outcome of these discussions.
The foregoing description of the DPA and its exhibits is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement and exhibits, which are filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and incorporated herein by this reference.
 
In connection with the CityTime settlement, the Company will record a loss provision of $308.4 million for its fourth quarter ended January 31, 2012 in addition to the $232 million loss provision previously recorded for its third quarter ended October 31, 2011, for an aggregate loss provision of $540.4 million. Approximately $410.4 million of the aggregate loss provision, consisting of the payment of $370.4 million to be remitted to the City and the cancelation of a $40 million account receivable from the City, will be reflected as a reduction of revenues. The remaining $130.0 million of the aggregate loss provision will be reflected as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses.
 
The impact on the Company's (i) revenues, (ii) selling, general and administrative expenses, (iii) operating income, (iv) provision for income taxes and (v) income from continuing operations for the periods indicated below will be as follows:
 
The estimated tax benefit above assumes that $163 million of the loss provision is tax deductible for financial reporting purposes for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. The actual amount deductible for tax purposes may be greater or less than assumed above, and the Company expects to reach agreement with the Internal Revenue Service as to tax deductibility of the settlement over the next 12 to 18 months.
The Company will make the $500.4 million payment to the United States under the DPA during the first quarter ending April 30, 2012.
Information Furnished
The information contained in Item 2.02 of this report and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be "filed" for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Exchange Act. Furthermore, the information contained in Item 2.02 of this report and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any registration statement of the Company or other document filed by the Company pursuant to the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this report contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this report include statements regarding the Company's continued ability to perform and bid on government contracts, the financial impact of the CityTime loss provision and the estimated tax deductible portion of the CityTime loss provision. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual performance and results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including the Company's compliance with the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement, the effect of the CityTime settlement and compliance with the deferred prosecution agreement on the Company's reputation and business, the outcome of discussions with government officials, Internal Revenue Service review of the estimated deductible portion of the CityTime loss provision and other risks set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2011, and other filings that the Company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the forward-looking statement provided in this report to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
William J. Schwartz, Esq.
Douglas P. Lobel, Esq.
Cooley LLP
1114 Avenue of the Americas
New York, New York 10036-7798
 
Dear Messrs. Schwartz and Lobel:
Pursuant to our discussions and written exchanges, the Office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York (the "Office") and the defendant Science Applications International Corporation ("SAIC"), under authority granted by its Board of Directors in the form of a Board Resolution (a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A), hereby enter into this Deferred Prosecution Agreement (the "Agreement").
1. SAIC consents to the filing of a one-count Information (the "Information") in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Court"), charging SAIC with participating in a conspiracy to commit wire fraud, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1349, based on SAIC's defrauding of the City of New York (the "City") in relation to the CityTime information technology project ("CityTime"). A copy of the Information is attached hereto as Exhibit B. This Agreement shall take effect upon the filing of the Information.
2. As set forth in detail in SAIC's Statement of Responsibility, attached hereto as Exhibit C and incorporated herein, SAIC admits that it, through the conduct of certain managerial employees and others, defrauded the City into significantly overpaying for CityTime.
3. SAIC agrees to disgorge the proceeds of the offense described in the Information and Statement of Responsibility and accordingly will pay to the United States a total of $500,392,977. This payment is attributable to the following: (1) restitution to the City as the victim of the fraud described in the Information and Statement of Responsibility in the amount of $370,392,977; and (2) the remaining proceeds of $130,000,000 as a penalty for the offense.
 
SAIC must transfer the total amount of $500,392,977 to the United States within one business day after executing this Agreement, Such payment shall be made by wire transfer to the United States Marshals Service. These funds shall thereafter be forfeited to the United States pursuant to a civil forfeiture complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Forfeited Funds"). SAIC agrees that it will not file a claim with the Court or otherwise contest this civil forfeiture action and will not assist a third party in asserting any claim to the Forfeited Funds. It is the intent of the parties that at least $370,392,977 of these funds (the "Restitution Amount") be remitted to the City as the victim of the fraud pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  981(e)(6), under the Petition for Remission and/or Mitigation procedures of the United States Department of Justice or any other manner within the United States Attorney General's discretion. It is understood that SAIC and the City will execute mutual releases simultaneous to the execution of this Agreement (attached hereto as Exhibit D), pursuant to which, among other things, SAIC will waive any and all claims it may have to any monies currently being withheld by the City under the CityTime contract, and the City will waive any potential civil claims against SAIC based on its work on CityTime, effective upon SAIC's payment of the Restitution Amount.
4. SAIC acknowledges and understands that the cooperation it has provided to date with the criminal investigation by the Office, and its pledge of continuing cooperation, are important and material factors underlying the Office's decision to enter into this Agreement. Therefore, SAIC agrees to cooperate fully and actively with the Office, the New York City Department of Investigation ("DOI"), and any other agency of the government designated by the Office regarding any matter relating to the Office's investigation about which SAIC has knowledge or information.
5. It is understood that SAIC shall (a) truthfully and completely disclose all information with respect to the activities of itself and its officers, agents, and employees concerning all matters about which the Office inquires of it, which information can be used for any purpose; (b) cooperate fully with the Office, DOI, and any other law enforcement agency designated by the Office; (c) attend all meetings at which the Office requests its presence and use its best efforts to secure the attendance and truthful statements or testimony of any past or current officers, agents, or employees at any meeting or interview or before the grand jury or at trial or at any other court proceeding; (d) provide to the Office upon request any document, record, or other tangible evidence relating to matters about which the Office or any designated law enforcement agency inquires of it; (e) assemble, organize, and provide in a responsive and prompt fashion, and upon request, on an expedited schedule, all documents, records, information and other evidence in SAIC's possession, custody or control as may be requested by the Office, DOI, or designated law enforcement agency; (f) volunteer and provide to the Office any information and documents that come to SAIC's attention that may be relevant to the Office's investigations and proceedings; (g) provide testimony or information necessary to identify or establish the original location, authenticity, or other basis for admission into evidence of documents or physical evidence in any criminal or other proceeding as requested by the Office,
 
DOI, or designated law enforcement agency, including but not limited to information and testimony concerning the conduct set forth in the Information and Statement of Responsibility; (h) bring to the Office's attention all criminal conduct by or criminal investigations of SAIC or any of its managerial employees; (i) bring to the Office's attention any administrative or regulatory proceeding or civil action or investigation by any governmental authority that alleges fraud by SAIC; and (j) commit no crimes whatsoever.
6. SAIC agrees that its obligations to cooperate will continue until the later of (1) a period of three years from the date of the signing of this Agreement, or (2) the date upon which all prosecutions and appeals arising out of, or relating in any way to, the conduct described in the Information or Statement of Responsibility are finally concluded. SAIC's obligation to cooperate is not intended to apply in the event that a prosecution against SAIC by this Office is pursued and not deferred.
7. In consideration of SAIC's entry into this Agreement and its commitment to: (a) accept and acknowledge responsibility for its conduct; (b) cooperate with the Office and DOI; (c) make the payments specified in this Agreement; (d) comply with Federal criminal laws; and (e) otherwise comply with all of the terms of this Agreement, the Office shall recommend to the Court that prosecution of SAIC on the Information be deferred for three years from the date of the signing of this Agreement. SAIC shall expressly waive indictment and all rights to a speedy trial pursuant to the Sixth Amendment of the United States Constitution, Title 18, United States Code, Section 3161, Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 48(b), and any applicable Local Rules of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York for the period during which this Agreement is in effect.
8. It is understood that this Office cannot, and does not, agree not to prosecute SAIC for criminal tax violations. However, if SAIC fully complies with the understandings specified in this Agreement, no testimony given or other information provided by SAIC (or any other information directly or indirectly derived therefrom) will be used against SAIC in any criminal tax prosecution. In addition, the Office agrees that, if SAIC is in compliance with all of its obligations under this Agreement, the Office will, at the expiration of the period of deferral (including any extensions thereof), seek dismissal without prejudice as to SAIC of the Information filed against SAIC pursuant to this Agreement. Except in the event of a violation by SAIC of any term of this Agreement, the Office will bring no additional charges against SAIC, except for criminal tax violations, relating to its conduct on CityTime, as described in the admitted Statement of Responsibility. This Agreement does not provide any protection against prosecution for any crimes except as set forth above and does not apply to any individual or entity other than SAIC. SAIC and the Office understand that the Agreement to defer prosecution of SAIC must be approved by the Court, in accordance with 18 U.S.C.  3161(h)(2). Should the Court decline to approve the Agreement to defer prosecution for any reason, both the Office and SAIC are released from any obligation imposed upon them by this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be null and void.
 
9. It is further understood that should the Office in its sole discretion determine that SAIC has during the term of this Agreement: (a) given false, incomplete or misleading information, (b) committed any crime, or (c) otherwise violated any provision of this Agreement, SAIC shall, in the Office's sole discretion, thereafter be subject to prosecution for any federal criminal violation of which the Office has knowledge, including but not limited to a prosecution based on the Information, the Statement of Responsibility, or the conduct described therein. Any such prosecution may be premised on any information provided by or on behalf of SAIC to the Office or DOI at any time. In any such prosecution, no charge would be time-barred provided that such prosecution is brought within the applicable statute of limitations period, excluding the period from the commencement of this Agreement until its termination. SAIC agrees to toll, and exclude from any calculation of time, the running of the criminal statute of limitations for the length of this Agreement starting from the date of the execution of this Agreement and including any extension of the period of deferral of prosecution pursuant to paragraph 11 below. By this Agreement, SAIC expressly intends to and hereby does waive its rights in the foregoing respects, including any right to make a claim premised on the statute of limitations, as well as any constitutional, statutory, or other claim concerning pre-indictment delay. Such waivers are knowing, voluntary, and in express reliance on the advice of SAIC's counsel.
10. It is further agreed that in the event that the Office, in its sole discretion, determines that SAIC has violated any provision of this Agreement, including SAIC's failure to meet its obligations under this Agreement: (a) all statements made by or on behalf of SAIC to the Office and DOI, including but not limited to the Statement of Responsibility, or any testimony given by SAIC or by any agent of SAIC before a grand jury, or elsewhere, whether before or after the date of this Agreement, or any leads from such statements or testimony, shall be admissible in evidence in any and all criminal proceedings hereinafter brought by the Office against SAIC; and (b) SAIC shall not assert any claim under the United States Constitution, Rule 1l(f) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, Rule 410 of the Federal Rules of Evidence, or any other federal rule, that statements made by or on behalf of SAIC before or after the date of this Agreement, or any leads derived therefrom, should be suppressed or otherwise excluded from evidence. It is the intent of this Agreement to waive any and all rights in the foregoing respects.
11. SAIC agrees that, in the event that the Office determines during the period of deferral of prosecution described in paragraph 7 above (or any extensions thereof) that SAIC has violated any provision of this Agreement, a one-year extension of the period of deferral of prosecution may be imposed in the sole discretion of the Office, and, in the event of additional violations, such additional one-year extensions as determined may be appropriate by this Office, but in no event shall the total term of the deferral-of-prosecution period of this Agreement exceed five (5) years.
12. SAIC, having truthfully admitted to the facts in the Statement of Responsibility, agrees that it shall not, through its attorneys, agents, or employees, make any statement, in litigation or otherwise, contradicting the Statement of Responsibility or its
 
representations in this Agreement. Consistent with this provision, SAIC may raise defenses and/or assert affirmative claims in any civil proceedings brought by private parties as long as doing so does not contradict the Statement of Responsibility or such representations. Any such contradictory statement by SAIC, its present or future attorneys, agents, or employees shall constitute a violation of this Agreement and SAIC thereafter shall be subject to prosecution as specified in paragraphs 7 through 10, above, or the deferral-of-prosecution period shall be extended pursuant to paragraph 11, above. The decision as to whether any such contradictory statement will be imputed to SAIC for the purpose of determining whether SAIC has violated this Agreement shall be within the sole discretion of the Office. Upon the Office's notifying SAIC of any such contradictory statement, SAIC may avoid a finding of violation of this Agreement by repudiating such statement both to the recipient of such statement and to the Office within forty-eight (48) hours after receipt of notice by the Office. SAIC consents to the public release by the Office, in its sole discretion, of any such repudiation. Nothing in this Agreement is meant to affect the obligation of SAIC or its officers, directors or employees to testify truthfully in any judicial proceeding.
13. SAIC agrees that it is within the Office's sole discretion to choose, in the event of a violation, the remedies contained in paragraphs 9 and 10 above, or instead to choose to extend the period of deferral of prosecution pursuant to paragraph 11. SAIC understands and agrees that the exercise of the Office's discretion under this Agreement is unreviewable by any court. Should the Office determine that SAIC has violated this Agreement, the Office shall provide notice to SAIC of that determination and provide SAIC with an opportunity to make a presentation to the Office to demonstrate that no violation occurred, or, to the extent applicable, that the violation should not result in the exercise of those remedies or in an extension of the period of deferral of prosecution.
14. SAIC shall implement and maintain an effective compliance and ethics program that fully comports with the criteria set forth in Section 8B2.1 of the United States Sentencing Guidelines Manual (the "Compliance & Ethics Program"). As part of the Compliance & Ethics Program, SAIC shall maintain a permanent compliance office and a permanent education and training program relating to the laws, regulations and ethics governing the work of SAIC, paying particular attention to SAIC's procurement and subcontracting practices. As part of the Compliance & Ethics Program, SAIC shall (a) ensure that an effective program be maintained to detect and punish violators of laws, policies, and standards, and encourage those who report such violators; (b) ensure that no employee or agent of SAIC is penalized in any way for providing information relating to SAIC's compliance or noncompliance with laws, policies, and standards to any SAIC official, government agency, compliance officer, or the Monitor appointed pursuant to paragraph 15 below; and (c) ensure that all SAIC employees have access to a hot-line or other means to provide information to SAIC's compliance office relating to SAIC's compliance or noncompliance with laws, policies, and standards. SAIC shall take steps to audit the Compliance & Ethics Program to ensure it is carrying out the duties and responsibilities set out in this Agreement. The Office acknowledges that SAIC has
 
implemented significant changes to its ethics and compliance program, including its processes and procedures governing procurement, subcontract administration, and ethics investigations.
15. SAIC agrees to retain an independent monitor (the "Monitor"), upon selection by the Office and approval by the Office of the Deputy Attorney General, whose powers, rights and responsibilities shall be as set forth below.
(a) . The Monitor shall:
Jurisdiction, Powers, and Oversight Authority
(1) Review and monitor SAlC's compliance with this Agreement and make such recommendations as the Monitor believes are necessary to comply with this Agreement;
(2) Review and monitor SAIC's maintenance and execution of the Compliance Ethics Program and recommend such changes as are necessary to ensure conformity with the Sentencing Guidelines and this Agreement, and that are necessary to ensure that the Program is effective;
&
(3) Review and monitor SAIC's policies and practices regarding procurement and subcontracting;
(4) Review and monitor SAIC's policies and practices regarding treatment of whistleblowers and whistleblower complaints; and
(5) Review and monitor SAIC's policies and practices regarding contracts with non-federal governmental entities.
It is the intent of this Agreement that the provisions regarding the Monitor's jurisdiction, powers and oversight authority and duties be broadly construed. SAIC shall adopt all recommendations submitted by the Monitor unless SAIC objects to any recommendation and the Office agrees that adoption of such recommendation should not be required.
(b) . The Monitor shall have the authority to take such reasonable steps, in the Monitor's view, as necessary to be fully informed about those operations of SAIC within or relating to his or her jurisdiction that are not at a level of classification beyond which the Monitor has security clearance. To that end, the Monitor shall have:
Access to Information
(1) Access to, and the right to make copies of, any and all non-privileged books, records, accounts, correspondence, files, and any and all other documents or electronic records, including e-mails, of SAIC and its partners, agents and employees, within or relating to his or her jurisdiction; and
 
(2) The right to interview any officer, employee, agent, or consultant of SAIC and to participate in any meeting concerning any matter within or relating to his or her jurisdiction.
To the extent that the Monitor seeks access to information contained within privileged documents or materials, SAIC shall use its best efforts to provide the Monitor with the information without compromising the asserted privilege. The Monitor shall take appropriate steps to maintain the confidentiality of any non-public information entrusted to him or her and shall share such information only with the Office, DOI, or any designated agency.
(c) . The Monitor shall have the authority to employ legal counsel, consultants, investigators, experts, and any other personnel necessary to assist in the proper discharge of the Monitor's duties.
Hiring Authority
(d). . The Monitor shall have the authority to take any other actions that are necessary to effectuate his or her oversight and monitoring responsibilities.
Implementing Authority
(e). .
Miscellaneous Provisions
(1). . The Monitor's authority set forth herein shall extend for a period of three years from the Monitor's entry on duty, except that (a) in the event the Office determines during the period of the Monitorship (or any extensions thereof), that SAIC has violated any provision of this Agreement, a one-year extension of the period of the Monitorship may be imposed in the sole discretion of the Office, and, in the event of additional violations, an additional one-year extension, but in no event shall the total term of the Monitorship exceed five years; and (b) in the event the Office, in its sole discretion, determines during the period of the Monitorship that the employment of a Monitor is no longer necessary to carry out the purposes of this Agreement, the Office may shorten the period of the Monitorship.
Term
(2). . The Office shall consult with SAIC using its best efforts to select and appoint a mutually acceptable Monitor (and any replacement Monitors, if required) as promptly as possible. In the event that the Office is unable to select a Monitor acceptable to SAIC, the Office shall have the sole right to select a Monitor (and any replacement Monitors, if required). The selection of the Monitor must be approved by the Deputy Attorney General.
Selection of the Monitor
(3). . SAIC shall establish an independent, toll-free answering service to facilitate communication anonymously or otherwise with the Monitor. Within 10 days of the commencement of the Monitor's duties, SAIC shall advise each of its employees in writing of the appointment of the Monitor, the Monitor's powers and duties as set forth in this Agreement, the toll-free number established for contacting the Monitor, and email and mail addresses designated by the Monitor. Such notice shall inform employees that they may communicate with the Monitor anonymously or otherwise, and that no
Notice regarding the Monitor; Monitor's Authority to Act on Information received from Employees; No Penalty for Reporting
 
agent, consultant, or employee of SAIC shall be penalized in any way for providing information to the Monitor. In addition, such notice shall direct that, if an employee is aware of any violation of any law or any unethical conduct that has not been reported to an appropriate federal, state or municipal agency, the employee is obligated to report such violation or conduct to SAlC's compliance office or the Monitor. The notice obligations herein shall apply to all SAIC subcontractors, and SAIC shall require all subcontractors to provide such notice to all of their employees and agents. SAIC already has in existence an employee hotline that may provide for effective anonymous communication with the Monitor. The Monitor has the sole discretion to determine whether the existing employee hotline is sufficient to permit anonymous communications or whether the establishment of an additional hotline is required.
(4). . The Monitor shall keep records of his or her activities, including copies of all correspondence and telephone logs, as well as records relating to actions taken in response to correspondence or telephone calls. If potentially illegal or unethical conduct is reported to the Monitor, the Monitor may, at his or her option, conduct an investigation, and/or refer the matter to SAlC's compliance office or to the Office. The Monitor may report to the Office whenever the Monitor deems fit but, in any event, shall file a written report not less often than every four months regarding: the Monitor's activities; whether SAIC is complying with the terms of this Agreement; and any changes that are necessary to foster SAIC's compliance with any applicable laws, regulations and standards. Such periodic written reports are to be provided to SAIC and the Office. The Office may, in its sole discretion, provide all or part of any such periodic written report, or other information provided to the Office by the Monitor, to DOI or any designated agency. SAIC may provide all or part of such periodic written reports to other federal agencies or governmental entities. Should the Monitor determine that it appears that SAIC has violated any law, has violated any provision of this Agreement, or has engaged in any conduct that could warrant the modification of his or her jurisdiction, the Monitor shall promptly notify the Office, and when appropriate, SAIC.
Reports to the Office
(5). . SAIC and all of its officers, directors, employees, agents, and consultants shall have an affirmative duty to cooperate with and assist the Monitor in the execution of his or her duties and shall inform the Monitor of any information that may relate to the Monitor's duties or lead to information that relates to his or her duties. Failure of any SAIC officer, director, employee, or agent to cooperate with the Monitor may, in the sole discretion of the Monitor, serve as a basis for the Monitor to recommend dismissal or other disciplinary action.
Cooperation with the Monitor
(6). . The compensation and expenses of the Monitor, and of the persons hired under his or her authority, shall be paid by SAIC. The Monitor, and any persons hired by the Monitor, shall be compensated in accordance with their respective typical hourly rates. SAIC shall pay bills for compensation and expenses promptly, and in any event within 30 days. In addition, within one week after the selection of the Monitor, SAIC shall make available office space, telephone service and clerical assistance sufficient for the Monitor to carry out his or her duties.
Compensation and Expenses
 
(7). . SAIC shall provide an appropriate indemnification agreement to the Monitor with respect to any claims arising out of the performance of the Monitor's duties.
Indemnification
(8). . The Monitor is not, and shall not be treated for any purpose, as an officer, employee, agent, or affiliate of SAIC.
No Affiliation
16. It is understood that this Agreement is binding on the Office but does not bind any other Federal agencies, any state or local law enforcement agencies, any licensing authorities, or any regulatory authorities. However, if requested by SAIC or its attorneys, the Office will bring to the attention of any such agencies, including but not limited to any regulators, as applicable, this Agreement, the cooperation of SAIC, and SAIC's compliance with its obligations under this Agreement.
17. SAIC and the Office agree that, upon filing of the Information, this Agreement (including the Statement of Responsibility and the other attachments hereto) shall be filed publicly in the proceedings in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
18. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be considered effective as an original signature.
 
19. This Agreement sets forth all the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement between SAIC and the Office. No modifications or additions to this Agreement shall be valid unless they are in writing and signed by the Office, SAIC's attorneys, and a duly authorized representative of SAIC.
 
 
 
19. This Agreement sets forth all the terms of the Deferred Prosecution Agreement between SAIC and the Office. No modifications or additions to this Agreement shall be valid unless they are in writing and signed by the Office, SAIC's attorneys, and a duly authorized representative of SAIC.
 
 
WHEREAS:
1. The Company, through counsel, has been engaged in discussions with the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York ("USAO") and the City of New York to resolve a federal criminal investigation and the City's potential civil claims relating to the City Time project (the "CityTime Matters");
2. In order to resolve the CityTime Matters, it is proposed that the Company enter into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the USAO (the "DPA");
3. The Board of Directors has thoroughly reviewed the DPA and the Statement of Responsibility, the Information (the "Information"), and the releases, which are exhibits to the DPA;
4. The Board of Directors has thoroughly discussed with counsel the Company's rights, possible defenses to the CityTime Matters, the consequences of entering into the DPA, and the alternatives to entering into the DPA, and has received counsel's advice with respect to those matters; and
5. The Board of Directors has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company to enter into the DPA;
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED:
1. The DPA is approved to be entered into by the Company in substantially the form reviewed by the Board of Directors;
2. The CEO, or any other executive officer he designates, is authorized to execute the DPA and the Company's release of the City on behalf of the Company and the Company's CEO and executive officers are each authorized and directed to take any and all steps, and any other actions as may be necessary or appropriate, to carry out and give effect to the DPA;
3. Cooley LLP, the Company's counsel, is authorized, on the Company's behalf, to:
 
 
 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK
 
The United States Attorney charges:
1. From at least in or about 2003, up to and including in or about 2010, in the Southern District of New York and elsewhere, SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION ("SAIC"), the defendant, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly did combine, conspire, confederate, and agree together and with each other to commit wire fraud in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1343.
2. It was apart and an object of the conspiracy that SAIC, the defendant, and others known and unknown, willfully and knowingly, having devised and intending to devise a scheme and artifice to defraud, and for obtaining money and property from the City of New York (the "City") by means of false and fraudulent pretenses, representations and
promises, would and did transmit and cause to be transmitted by means of wire communication in interstate and foreign commerce, writings, signs, signals, pictures, and sounds, including interstate and foreign wire transfers, for the purpose of executing such scheme and artifice, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1343, to wit, SAIC, together with others known and unknown, defrauded the City into significantly overpaying for the CityTime information technology project ("CityTime").
3. In furtherance of said conspiracy and to effect the illegal object thereof, the following overt act, among others, was committed in the Southern District of New York and elsewhere:
a. In or about 2005 and 2006, SAIC negotiated with the City a contract amendment that, among other things, had the effect of transferring the risk of future cost overruns and any expansion of the CityTime project from SAIC to the City.
4. As a result of committing the offense alleged in Count One of the Information, SAIC, the defendant, shall forfeit to the United States, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 
 981(a) (1) (C) and 28 U.S.C.  2461, all property, real and personal, that constitutes or is derived, directly or indirectly, from gross proceeds traceable to the commission of the said offense.
5. If any of the above-described forfeitable property, as a result of any act or omission of the defendant:
(1) cannot be located upon the exercise of due diligence;
(2) has been transferred or sold to, or deposited with, a third person;
(3) has been placed beyond the jurisdiction of the Court;
(4) has been substantially diminished in value; or
(5) has been commingled with other property which cannot be subdivided without difficulty;
it is the intent of the United States, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.  982(b), to seek forfeiture of any other property of said defendant up to the value of the above forfeitable property.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Science Applications International Corporation ("SAIC," or the "Company") states and admits as follows:
The "CityTime" Project ("CityTime," or the "Project") was an initiative by the City of New York (the "City") to modernize its timekeeping and payroll systems across all City agencies. In 2000, SAIC became the lead contractor on CityTime, which at the time had a contract value of approximately $73 million. In 2003, SAIC appointed Gerard Denault, who had been hired by SAIC in 2002, to serve as Program Manager of the Project, and Carl Bell to serve as Chief Systems Engineer. Shortly thereafter, SAIC, at the behest of Denault, hired Technodyne LLC ("Technodyne") as a "single source" subcontractor to provide staffing for the Project. In v. S2 11 Cr. 121 (S.D.N.Y.), it is alleged that Denault and Bell conspired with others to defraud the City and personally received millions of dollars in kickbacks from Technodyne in exchange for steering business on the CityTime project to Technodyne, and Technodyne in turn served as a vehicle for the payment of tens of millions of dollars of additional kickbacks to other individuals.
United States
Mark Mazer et al.,
In 2005, a whistleblower within SAIC filed an anonymous ethics complaint with the Company alleging that Technodyne was receiving preferential treatment on the CityTime project, and that the only explanation for the conduct was that Denault had to be receiving kickbacks from Technodyne. SAIC failed to properly investigate the complaint and did not notify the City that a complaint had been made. The complaint also was not brought to the attention of SAIC's Board of Directors. At the time of the whistleblower complaint, SAIC had paid Technodyne approximately $17 million in connection with CityTime; by 2011, SAIC had paid Technodyne approximately $325 million.
In 2006, the City and SAIC entered into a contract amendment ("Amendment 6") that, among other things, had the effect of transferring the risk of future cost overruns and any expansion of the Project from SAIC to the City. Following the execution of Amendment 6, which was being negotiated at the time the ethics complaint was made, SAIC, under the direction of Denault, staffed the Project with hundreds of consultants hired by Technodyne, and the cost of the Project expanded dramatically, from approximately $115 million in 2005 to approximately $620 million in 2011. In addition, while SAIC was losing millions of dollars on the Project as of the end of 2005, by 2010, when it was close to delivering a working system to the City, SAIC estimated that it would make a profit of $60 million on the Project.
SAIC accepts responsibility for the illegal conduct alleged against Denault and admitted by Bell during the course of the CityTime project. The Company acknowledges that the conduct and
 
managerial failures described herein contributed to the ability of Denault and Bell to commit their alleged crimes against the City, and that the City was defrauded by SAIC as a result.
In addition to the Company's failure to properly investigate the 2005 ethics complaint, management employees responsible for directly overseeing Denault and the Company's performance of the CityTime contract failed to adequately supervise his activities and to control the costs of the Project. Among other things, they either failed to perceive or ignored that Denault, through intimidation and threats of retaliation or termination, created a hostile atmosphere in SAIC's New York office in which employees were afraid to confront him or bring their ethical or legal concerns to his supervisors. In those instances in which SAIC employees on the Project expressed concerns to Denault's supervisors about the possibility that he had a corrupt relationship with Technodyne, those managers reacted with inappropriate skepticism, shifted the burden to the employees to prove their assertions, and failed to pass on the concerns to the proper Company personnel for investigation.
Some SAIC managers failed to perceive or ignored significant and pervasive irregularities within the SAIC-Technodyne relationship, including, among other things, the relative size of the "single source" subcontract, Denault's refusal to staff positions with SAIC employees rather than Technodyne employees, and his refusal to put the subcontract out for competitive bid. Finally, those responsible for directly managing the Project failed to enforce the Company's procurement policies in ways that allowed the irregular Technodyne relationship to continue and undermined the Company's own procurement personnel in the performance of their duties, thereby enabling Denault to continue his alleged illegal activities.
SAIC's failures resulted, in part, from an overemphasis on the financial and operational success of the CityTime project by those assigned to manage the Project, at the expense of the Company's own ethics, human resources and procurement policies. In order to assure the success of the Project, some managers supervising Denault and the Project disregarded warning signs of possible corruption, and tolerated Denault's improper handling and supervision of the CityTime contract and SAIC's New York office. As a result, SAIC failed to take actions that might have detected, disrupted or curtailed the charged conspiracies, allowing the City to be victimized repeatedly and systematically for more than seven years.
SAIC has responded to the Government's investigation as a responsible and concerned corporate citizen. In addition to fully cooperating with the Government, SAIC undertook a thorough review of its policies and procedures, and voluntarily implemented measures designed to strengthen its compliance systems and enhance its culture of ethics and compliance. SAIC also terminated the employment of the managers who directly supervised Denault and the Project for their failures in connection with CityTime.
 
a municipal corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York, as RELEASOR, in consideration of the sum of paid by Science Applications International Corporation ("SAIC") to the United States, and in consideration of the agreement by the United States to remit this sum in full to the City of New York, releases and discharges SAIC ("RELEASEE"), and its heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns, agents, departments, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries of parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, fiduciaries, beneficiaries, trustees, and representatives from all actions, causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages, judgments, extents, executions, claims, and demands whatsoever, in law, admiralty or equity, which against the RELEASEE, the RELEASOR and its successors and assigns ever had, now have or hereafter can, shall or may have, for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from the beginning of the world to the date of this RELEASE, arising out of or related to the CityTime Contract, as amended, for a citywide, automated timekeeping system, including but not limited to any amounts relating to fraud and/or overcharges in connection with the CityTime Contract.
Three Hundred Seventy Million Three Hundred Ninety Two Thousand Nine Hundred Seventy Seven Dollars ($370,392,977.00),
The words "RELEASOR" and "RELEASEE" include all releasors and all releasees under this RELEASE.
This RELEASE may not be changed orally.
the RELEASOR has caused this RELEASE to be executed by a duly authorized officer on the 8
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
th
day of March, 2012.
 
STATE OF NEW YORK
COUNTY OF NEW YORK, ss.:
On this 8
th
day of March 2012, before me personally appeared Gail Rubin, to me known, who, being by me duly sworn did depose and say that she is an authorized agent of THE CITY OF NEW YORK, the municipal corporation described in and which executed the foregoing instrument; and that it was so executed by order of said municipal corporation.
 
a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, as RELEASOR, in consideration of the Release of same date received from the City of New York, receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, releases and discharges The City of New York ("RELEASEE"), and its heirs, executors, administrators, successors, assigns, agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries of parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, fiduciaries, beneficiaries, trustees, and representatives from all actions, causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages, judgments, extents, executions, claims, and demands whatsoever, in law, admiralty or equity, which against the RELEASEE, the RELEASOR and its successors and assigns ever had, now have or hereafter can, shall or may have, for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever from the beginning of the world to the date of this RELEASE, arising out of or related to the CityTime Agreement and Project, for a citywide, automated timekeeping system, including but not limited to any amounts allegedly due SAIC for work on and development of the CityTime Project.
The words "RELEASOR" and "RELEASEE" include all releasors and all releasees under this RELEASE.
This RELEASE may not be changed orally.
the RELEASOR has caused this RELEASE to be executed by a duly authorized officer on the 9
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
th
day of March, 2012.
 
COMMONWEALTH OF VIRGINIA
COUNTY OF FAIRFAX, ss.:
On this 9
th
day of March2012, before me personally appeared JOHN P. JUMPER, to me known, who, being by me duly sworn did depose and say that s/he is the individual whose name is subscribed to herein, and acknowledged that s/he is an authorized agent of SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, and in his or her capacity as CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER of SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, executed the foregoing instrument; and that it was so executed by order of said SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION.
 

Exhibit 99.1
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(McLean, Va.) March 14, 2012  Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) [NYSE: SAI] announced today it has reached a settlement with the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York and the City of New York concerning the CityTime automated workforce management system.
Under the terms of the settlement, SAIC will pay $500.4 million in restitution and penalties, and an independent monitor will be appointed by the United States Attorney's Office for three years to review certain Company policies and practices. The United States Attorney's Office has charged the Company with a single criminal count related to CityTime, but will defer prosecution based upon, among other things, the Company's cooperation with the investigation, remediation efforts and acceptance of responsibility. The Government has agreed to dismiss the charge without prosecution in three years if SAIC complies with the terms of the deferred prosecution agreement.
"We welcome this settlement as an important step in our efforts to move forward as a better, stronger company dedicated to the highest standards of ethics and performance for our customers," said John Jumper, Chief Executive Officer. "We have implemented strong improvements to our compliance program and have new leadership in place. Our financial position is solid, with a strong balance sheet and strong, predictable cash flow."
Jumper continued, "Today's SAIC remains dedicated to the highest level of business ethics, and is better able to compete for business, attract great talent, and generate shareholder value for our investors."
CityTime is an automated workforce management system that covers some 163,000 New York City employees in 65 agencies and that saves the City time and money every day.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy & environment, health, and cybersecurity. The company's approximately 41,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government
civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $11 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2011. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2011, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120315163659.txt.gz
TIME:20120315163659
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective March 11, 2012, the Company extended the term of its $750 million credit facility for one additional year to March 11, 2016. The extension was previously contemplated and made in accordance with the existing terms of the Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement (Credit Agreement) among SAIC, Inc., as borrower, Science Applications International Corporation, as guarantor, and a syndicate of lending institutions. As of the date of this report, the Company has no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Agreement.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120320160901.txt.gz
TIME:20120320160901
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On March 20, 2012, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Fourth Quarter Results
 
 
 
 
MCLEAN, Va., March 20, 2012  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2012, which ended January 31, 2012.
In addition, the Company announced the initiation of a quarterly dividend at $0.12 per share, the first payment of which will be on April 30, 2012 for stockholders of record on April 15, 2012.
"Our decision to initiate a quarterly dividend reflects our confidence in SAIC's financial strength and our commitment to deploying capital to maximize shareholder value for the long-term. The dividend will augment our capital deployment strategy, which will continue to include strategic acquisitions and share repurchases while retaining an attractive credit rating profile," said John P. Jumper, president and chief executive officer.
Summary Results
As a result of the previously announced CityTime settlement, the Company recorded an additional $308 million loss provision during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Estimates made in the third quarter ended October 31, 2011 were adjusted during the fourth quarter to reflect the final settlement. Fourth quarter revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses were reduced by $358 million and $50 million, respectively, to reflect the final settlement for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. For the full fiscal year, the CityTime loss provision totaled $540 million, which was reflected as a $410 million reduction in revenue and a $130 million charge to selling, general and administrative expenses.
Revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 were $2.49 billion. Full fiscal year revenues were $10.59 billion. Revenues excluding the CityTime loss provision were $2.85 billion for the fourth quarter, reflecting 3 percent internal revenue growth, and $11.00 billion for the fiscal year.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $(0.49). Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter excluding the CityTime loss provision were $0.31 compared to $0.34 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. The diluted share count for the quarter was 329 million, down 9 percent from 360 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to share repurchases over the past year.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the fiscal year were $(0.02). Full fiscal year diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision were $1.34 compared to $1.48 in fiscal year 2011.
"With the CityTime settlement behind us, our full attention is now focused on growing the business. SAIC's strategic advantage is our ability to rapidly develop and deploy technical solutions, and we are focused on leveraging those innovative solutions across and beyond our customer base," said John P. Jumper. "We plan to directly contribute to our strategic growth through leveraging these differentiating capabilities into adjacent markets by ensuring we have sufficient credibility, mass, and momentum in these areas, including health IT and energy."
"With our management team in place, a strong balance sheet, and capabilities well established and aligned with the more attractive areas of the markets we serve, SAIC is well-positioned to be a leader in the marketplace," Jumper said.
Supplemental Operating Results
Operating loss for the quarter was $111 million (-4.5 percent of revenue). Operating income for the quarter excluding the CityTime loss provision was $197 million (6.9 percent of revenue) compared to $217 million (8.0 percent of revenue) in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. The results for the current year quarter were impacted by a $10 million loss provision recorded in connection with a data privacy litigation matter and higher investments in research and development spending.
Full fiscal year operating income was $311 million (2.9 percent of revenue). Full fiscal year operating income excluding the CityTime loss provision was $851 million (7.7 percent of revenue), compared to $947 million (8.7 percent of revenue) in fiscal year 2011.
Loss from continuing operations for the quarter was $160 million. Income from continuing operations for the quarter excluding the CityTime loss provision was $107 million compared to $126 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. Full fiscal year loss from continuing operations was $8 million. Full fiscal year income from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision was $468 million compared to $558 million in fiscal year 2011.
Segment Operating Results
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter were $852 million. The CityTime loss provision was recorded within the Defense Solutions segment. Defense Solutions revenues excluding the revenue portion of the loss provision were $1.21 billion, and increased 3 percent, substantially all of which was attributable to internal growth, from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. This growth was attributable to increased activity on systems integration and logistics programs for tactical and mine resistant ambush protected vehicles; the ramp up of a program to operate the network IT infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State; and increased activity on a systems and software maintenance upgrade program for the U.S. Army. These increases were partially offset by the termination of the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization contract, the June 2011 completion and delivery of the CityTime system, and reductions in various analytic studies and policy analysis operations.
Defense Solutions revenues for the fiscal year were $4.19 billion. Defense Solutions revenues excluding the revenue portion of the CityTime loss provision were $4.60 billion, and decreased 1 percent from fiscal year 2011. This decline was attributable to the termination of the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization contract, reductions in various analytic studies and policy analysis operations, and the June 2011 completion and delivery of the CityTime system. These declines were partially offset by increased activity on a systems and software maintenance/upgrade program for the U.S. Army, the ramp up of a program to operate and maintain the enterprise network IT infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State, and increased activity on systems integration and logistics programs for tactical and mine resistant ambush protected vehicles.
Defense Solutions operating loss for the quarter was $216 million (-25.4 percent of revenue). Defense Solutions operating income excluding the CityTime loss provision was 7.6 percent of revenue, down from 7.7 percent of revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 due to the conclusion of certain contracts having relatively higher profit levels.
Defense Solutions operating loss for the fiscal year was $171 million (-4.1 percent of revenue). Defense Solutions operating income excluding the CityTime loss provision was 8.0 percent of revenue, down from 8.2 percent of revenue in fiscal 2011 due to the conclusion of certain contracts having relatively higher profit levels.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 10 percent from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011. Internal revenues increased 4 percent due to new design-build programs for renewable energy plant construction, increased deliveries of non-intrusive cargo inspection systems, and increased healthcare IT consulting services. These increases were partially offset by reduced deliveries of checked baggage explosive detection systems.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the fiscal year increased 2 percent from fiscal year 2011. Internal revenue contracted 2 percent due to reduced deliveries of checked baggage explosive detection systems and reduced activity on certain U.S. federal civilian agency programs, including various programs in support of NASA.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 8.0 percent of revenue, down from 9.9 percent of revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, driven by a loss provision related to a data privacy litigation matter and increased investment in research and development spending.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the fiscal year was 9.0 percent of revenue, down from 9.2 percent of revenue in fiscal year 2011.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 2 percent, substantially all of which was attributable to internal growth, from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to increased activity on airborne surveillance programs and an increase in cybersecurity program activity. These increases were partially offset by declines in certain intelligence processing, exploitation and dissemination contracts.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the fiscal year increased 3 percent, substantially all of which was internal revenue growth, from fiscal year 2011, due to increased activity on airborne surveillance and intelligence analysis contracts; increased material deliveries and services under intelligence processing, exploitation and dissemination contracts; and an increase in cybersecurity program activity. These increases were partially mitigated by the conclusion of a forward operating base integrated security equipment supply contract.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.3 percent of revenue, down from 9.2 percent of revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011, due to particularly strong program performance in the prior year quarter and an increase in internal research and development spending.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the fiscal year was 7.8 percent of revenue, down from 8.4 percent of revenue in fiscal year 2011 due to the impairment of certain intangible assets, increased research and development spending, and increased bid and proposal costs, partially offset by increased sales of higher margin proprietary products.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating income during the quarter was consistent with the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2011.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for fiscal year 2012 was $772 million, compared to $725 million in fiscal year 2011. As of January 31, 2012, the Company had $1.59 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.85 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $2.1 billion in the fourth quarter and $11.8 billion for the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.7 and 1.1 for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, respectively. Notable awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
 
The Company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the fiscal year 2012 was $18.0 billion, of which $5.5 billion was funded. As compared to the end of fiscal year 2011, total backlog increased 5 percent while funded backlog increased 3 percent. The negotiated unfunded backlog of $12.5 billion is the estimated amount of revenue to be earned in the future from negotiated contracts for which funding has not been authorized and unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under ID/IQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
The Company's outlook for fiscal year 2013, which began on February 1, 2012, is as follows:
 
 
 
Fiscal year 2013 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
Quarterly Cash Dividend and New Share Repurchase Program
SAIC's Board of Directors has approved the initiation of a quarterly dividend and declared a dividend of $0.12 per share payable on April 30, 2012 to stockholders of record on April 15, 2012. The Board also approved a share repurchase authorization of up to 40 million shares.
The Company expects to fund the quarterly dividend and any share repurchases using cash on hand and cash generated from the business. On an annualized basis, the cash dividend is expected to be $0.48 per share. The Company intends to continue paying dividends on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future dividends will be determined by the Company's Board of Directors each quarter and will depend on earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 41,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $10.6 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows, as well as statements about future dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: our ability to declare future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable law and agreements of the company; uncertainties related to the CityTime settlement; developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, implementation of spending caps or changes in budgetary priorities, or delays in the U.S. Government budget process; delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as a result of competitor protests; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; cyber or other security threats, systems failures or other disruptions of our business; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our Registration Statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-176896), as amended, filed on October 4, 2011, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of March 20, 2012. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. The Company also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Paul Levi
703-676-2283
Paul.E.Levi@saic.com
Media Relations:
Melissa Koskovich
(703)676-6762
koskovichm@saic.com
 
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenue to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The Company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the Company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the Company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three months and year ended January 31, 2012 were calculated as follows:
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to revenues, internal revenue growth (contraction), operating income (loss), operating margin, income (loss) from continuing operations and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from revenues, internal revenue growth (contraction), operating income (loss), operating margin, income (loss) from continuing operations and diluted EPS from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to revenues, internal revenue growth (contraction), operating income (loss) and operating margin of the Defense Solutions segment excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from Defense Solutions revenues, internal revenue growth (contraction), and operating income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120531161112.txt.gz
TIME:20120531161112
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 31, 2012, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first quarter ended April 30, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
- Revenues: $2.78 billion
- Operating Income: $208 million
- Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations: $0.35
- Cash Flows from Operations: $(361) million
- Net New Business Bookings: $2.1 billion
MCLEAN, Va., May 31, 2012  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, which ended April 30, 2012.
"Our performance for the quarter reflects a combination of pressures we are seeing in the market and internal investments being made to prepare for the future," said John P. Jumper, SAIC president and chief executive officer. "Despite these two factors, I am pleased we delivered positive revenue growth for the quarter, growth that can be attributed to a strategy that leverages our diverse portfolio of government and commercial offerings and the dedicated work of our employees who deliver the highest level of performance to our customers every day."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2013 were $2.78 billion, up 3 percent from $2.69 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. Internal revenue growth represented 2 percent of the consolidated revenue growth.
Operating income for the quarter was $208 million (7.5 percent of revenues), down from $230 million (8.6 percent of revenues) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. The reduction in operating income was attributable to increased indirect spending, including bid and proposal costs; an $8 million reduction in net positive changes in contract estimates; and a $6 million gain on the sale of real estate in the prior year quarter.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $117 million compared to $130 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. This decline in income from continuing operations was attributable to the reduction in operating income described above, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.35, down 3 percent from $0.36 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. The diluted share count for the quarter was 330 million, down 5 percent from 348 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Segment Operating Results
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 3 percent from the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, all of which was internal growth. This growth was attributable to the continued ramp up of a program to operate and maintain the enterprise network IT infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State, increased activity on systems integration and logistics programs for tactical and mine resistant ambush protected vehicles, and the ramp up of a new program with the Defense Logistics Agency to provide supply chain management of military land and aircraft tires. These increases were partially offset by reduced revenue from the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization program, which was terminated during the third quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Defense Solutions operating income for the quarter was 8.6 percent of revenue, up from 7.9 percent of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2012 due to reductions in indirect spending.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 3 percent from the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to the August 2011 acquisition of Vitalize Consulting Solutions, Inc. Internal revenues decreased 3 percent due to declines in various U.S. federal civilian agency programs and program completions with federal health information technology customers, particularly U.S. Department of Defense military health system customers. These declines were partially offset by increased deliveries of non-intrusive cargo inspection systems, increased design-build volume related to geothermal and biomass power plant construction, and strong growth in commercial health technology consulting services.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 6.9 percent of revenue, down from 8.2 percent of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal year 2012. This decline was attributable to higher levels of indirect spending, an increase in amortization expense associated with a prior year acquisition, and unfavorable impacts of changes in contract estimates.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 4 percent from the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, all of which was internal growth, due to increased activity on airborne surveillance programs and cybersecurity programs. These increases were partially offset by a decline in revenues on intelligence analysis programs, primarily due to the drawdown of overseas U.S. military forces and a contract completed in the prior year.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.1 percent of revenue, down from 9.6 percent of revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 2012 due to increased indirect spending, including increased bid and proposal costs and research and development spending; a reduction in net positive changes in contract estimates; and lower sales of propriety software products that have higher relative margins.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating income for the quarter declined from the first quarter of fiscal year 2012 due to a $6 million gain on the sale of real estate in the prior year quarter.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow used by operations for the quarter was $361 million, due to the payment of the $500 million CityTime settlement. Days sales outstanding were 70 days, improved from 72 days in the prior year quarter.
On April 30, 2012, the Company paid its initial quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share. The Company intends to continue paying dividends on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future dividends will be determined by the Company's Board of Directors each quarter and will depend on earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
As of April 30, 2012, the Company had $1.17 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.85 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $2.1 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.8. Notable awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
The Company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2013 was $17.4 billion, of which $5.7 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2012, total backlog decreased 4 percent while funded backlog increased 14 percent. Negotiated backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Based upon its operating and business development performance through the first quarter of the fiscal year, the Company expects its fiscal year 2013 results to be consistent with the forward guidance provided on March 20, 2012. These expectations are:
 
 
 
Fiscal year 2013 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 40,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $10.6 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects, " "intends, " "plans," "anticipates, " "believes, " "estimates, " "guidance, " and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows, as well as statements about future dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: our ability to declare future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable law and agreements of the Company; uncertainties related to the CityTime settlement; developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, implementation of spending caps or changes in budgetary priorities, or delays in the U.S. Government budget process; delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as a result of competitor protests; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, systems failures or other disruptions of our business; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts, including complex engineering or design build projects; the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of May 31, 2012. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. The Company also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
:
Investor Relations
Paul Levi
(703)676-2283
Paul.E.Levi@saic.com
:
Media Relations
Melissa Koskovich
(703)676-6762
koskovichm@saic.com
 
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenue to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three months ended April 30, 2012 were calculated as follows:
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120620171708.txt.gz
TIME:20120620171708
EVENTS:	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective as of June 15, 2012, the Board of Directors of SAIC, Inc. adopted amendments to the corporation's bylaws to provide that at any time the Chair of the Board is not an independent director, then the independent directors may designate an independent Lead Director. The bylaws of SAIC, Inc., as amended, are attached to this report as Exhibit 3.1 and are incorporated by reference.
 
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of SAIC, Inc. was held on June 15, 2012. The final results of the stockholders' vote on each of the matters presented for a vote is set forth below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Effective as of June 15, 2012, the Board of Directors elected John P. Jumper, the corporation's President and Chief Executive Officer, to serve as the Chair of the Board. In addition, the Board appointed Lawrence C. Nussdorf, an independent director, to serve as Lead Director.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 3.1
 
 
 
 
Section 1.01 The registered office of SAIC, Inc. (the "Corporation") in the State of Delaware shall be at 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof shall be The Corporation Trust Company.
Registered Office.
Section 1.02 The principal office for the transaction of the business of the Corporation shall be at 1710 SAIC Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. The Board of Directors (the "Board") is hereby granted full power and authority to change said principal office from one location to another.
Principal Office.
Section 1.03 The Corporation may also have an office or offices at such other place or places, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board may from time to time determine or as the business of the Corporation may require.
Other Offices.
Section 2.01 An annual meeting of stockholders shall be held for the election of directors and to transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.
Annual Meetings.
Section 2.02
Special Meetings.
(a) Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Board, or by a committee of the Board which has been duly designated by the Board and whose powers and authority, as provided in a resolution of the Board or in the Bylaws, include the power to call such meetings, and shall be called by the Secretary of the Corporation following the Secretary's receipt of written requests to call a meeting of stockholders (a "Special Meeting Request") from one stockholder of record owning at least ten percent (10%), or one or more stockholders of record of shares representing in the aggregate at least twenty-five percent (25%), in each case of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on the matter or matters to be brought before the proposed special meeting, voting as a single class, and who have delivered such requests in accordance with and subject to the provisions of these Bylaws (as amended from time to time), including any limitations set forth in these Bylaws on the ability to make such a request for such a special meeting. Special meetings may not be called by any other person or persons; provided, however, that if and to the extent that any special meeting of stockholders may be called by any other person or persons specified in any provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or any amendment thereto or any certificate filed under Section 151(g) of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware ("Delaware Law") (or its successor statute as in effect from time to time hereafter), then such special meeting may also be called by the person or persons, in the manner, at the times and for the purposes so specified.
(b) In determining whether Special Meeting Requests have met the requirements of this Section 2.02, multiple Special Meeting Requests will not be considered together if they relate to different items of business. Additionally, in order to be valid, all Special Meeting Requests must have been dated and delivered to the Secretary within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. A Special Meeting Request shall be signed by each stockholder, or duly authorized agent, requesting the special meeting and shall set forth: (i) a brief description of each matter of business desired to be brought before the special meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting, (ii) the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), (iii) any material interest of each stockholder and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the special meeting is being requested in the business desired to be brought before the special meeting, (iv) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of each stockholder requesting the special meeting and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the special meeting is being requested, (v) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned by each stockholder requesting the special meeting and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the
 
special meeting is being requested, and (vi) any other information that is required to be set forth in a stockholder's notice required pursuant to Section 2.07 of these Bylaws and, if the purpose of the special meeting includes the appointment or election of one or more directors to the Board, Section 3.03 of these Bylaws.
A stockholder may revoke a Special Meeting Request at any time prior to the special meeting; provided however, that if any such revocations are received by the Secretary and, as a result of such revocation, the number of un-revoked Special Meeting Requests no longer represents at least the requisite number of shares entitling the stockholders to request the calling of a special meeting pursuant to Section 2.02(a), then the Board shall have the discretion to determine whether or not to proceed with the special meeting. If none of the stockholders who submitted the Special Meeting Request appear or send a qualified representative (as defined in these Bylaws) to present the proposal(s) or business submitted by the stockholders for consideration at the special meeting, such proposal(s) or business shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation or such stockholder(s).
A Special Meeting Request shall not be valid (and the Board shall have no obligation to call a special meeting in respect of such Special Meeting Request) if it relates to an item of business that is not a proper subject for stockholder action under applicable law.
The Board shall determine the place, if any, and fix the date and time, of any stockholder requested special meeting. The Board may submit its own proposal or proposals for consideration at a stockholder requested special meeting.
Section 2.03 All meetings of the stockholders shall be held at such places, within or without the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may from time to time be designated by the person or persons calling the respective meeting and specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice thereof.
Time and Place of Meetings.
Section 2.04
Notice of Meetings and Adjourned Meetings; Waivers of Notice.
(a) Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take any action at a meeting, a notice of the meeting shall be given to stockholders of the Corporation, as required by applicable law, which shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Notice may be given by such delivery means (mail, telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law and shall be delivered to the stockholder's address as it appears on the stock transfer records of the Corporation. Unless otherwise required by Delaware Law, such notice shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Unless otherwise expressly required by Delaware Law, when a meeting is adjourned to another time or place (whether or not a quorum is present), notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.
(b) Any waiver of any such notice given by the person entitled thereto, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, and such person objects at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.
Section 2.05 Except as provided by Delaware Law, the holders of record of a majority in voting interest of the shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to be voted thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation or any adjournment thereof. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereat or, in the absence therefrom of all the stockholders, any officer entitled to preside at, or to act as a secretary of, such meeting may adjourn such
Quorum.
 
meeting from time to time. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called.
Section 2.06
Voting.
(a) At each meeting of the stockholders, each stockholder shall be entitled to vote, in person or by proxy, each share or fractional share of the stock of the Corporation having voting rights on the matter in question and which shall have been held by such stockholder and registered in such stockholder's name on the books of the Corporation:
(i) on the date fixed pursuant to Section 6.05 of these Bylaws as the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting, or
(ii) if no such record date shall have been so fixed, then (a) at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice of the meeting shall be given or (b) if notice of the meeting shall be waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting shall be held.
(b) Shares of its own stock belonging to the Corporation or to another corporation, if a majority of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors in such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, shall neither be entitled to vote nor be counted for quorum purposes.
(c) Any such voting rights may be exercised by the stockholder entitled thereto in person or by his or her proxy delivered to the secretary of the meeting; , that no proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three (3) years from its date unless said proxy shall provide for a longer period. At any meeting of the stockholders all matters, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, Delaware Law, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, shall be decided by the vote of a majority in voting interest of the stockholders present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, a quorum being present. The vote at any meeting of the stockholders on any question need not be by ballot, except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation or unless so directed by the chair of the meeting. On a vote by ballot, each ballot shall be signed by the stockholder voting, or by his or her proxy, if there be such proxy, and it shall state the number of shares voted.
provided, however
Section 2.07 Only such business (other than nominations for election to the Board, which must comply with the provisions of Section 3.03(b)) may be transacted at an annual meeting of stockholders as is either (1) specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), (2) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof), or (3) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.07 and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.07. In addition to any other applicable requirements, for business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Business at Annual Meeting (other than the Election of Directors).
A stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation shall set forth: (a) as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting and the text of the business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these Bylaws, the language of the proposed amendment), and (b) as to the stockholder
 
giving notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is being made, (i) the name and address of such person, (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation, and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between or among such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business and any material interest of such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such business, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) whether the stockholder giving notice intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such proposal; (v) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filing required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies by such person with respect to the proposed business to be brought by such person before the annual meeting pursuant to Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
A stockholder providing notice of business proposed to be brought before an annual meeting shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the annual meeting. Nothing contained in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act (or any successor provision of law).
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.07, unless otherwise required by law or the Board or the chair of the annual meeting determines otherwise, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present the proposed business, such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 2.07, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
No business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.07; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.07 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any stockholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting.
The chair of the annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance with this Section 2.07 and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted.
Section 2.08 The Secretary of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in
List of Stockholders.
 
the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, as required by applicable law. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.
Section 2.09 Prior to each meeting of the stockholders, one or more inspectors shall be appointed by the Board, or, if no such appointment shall have been made, such inspectors shall be appointed by the chair of the meeting, to act thereat. Each inspector so appointed shall first subscribe an oath or affirmation faithfully to execute the duties of an inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. Such inspector(s) shall take charge of the ballots at such meeting, count the ballots cast on any question and deliver a written report of the results thereof to the secretary of such meeting. The inspector(s) need not be stockholders of the Corporation. Any officer of the Corporation may be an inspector on any question other than a vote for or against his or her election to any position with the Corporation or on any other question in which he or she may be directly interested other than as a stockholder.
Inspectors.
Section 2.10 The Board may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations adopted by the Board, the chair of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chair, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chair of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; and (c) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chair of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure.
Regulations for Conduct of Stockholders Meeting.
Section 3.01 The property, business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board, who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by Delaware Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders of the Corporation.
General Powers.
Section 3.02 The exact number of directors shall be fixed from time to time, within the limits specified in the Certificate of Incorporation, by resolution of the Board.
Number.
Section 3.03
Election of Directors.
(a) The directors shall be elected annually by the stockholders of the Corporation. A nominee for director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of votes cast with respect to such nominee's election, except that directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in a contested election. An election is contested if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected. For election of directors, a majority of the votes cast means that the number of votes cast "for" a nominee exceeds the votes cast "against" that nominee, without counting abstentions as votes cast. If directors are to be elected by a plurality vote, stockholders may not vote against a nominee.
Voting.
(b) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the following procedures shall be eligible for election as directors of the Corporation. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a meeting of stockholders (1) by or at the direction of the Board, (2) by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (or any other duly authorized committee of the Board), or (3) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of the giving of notice provided for in this Section 3.03(b) and on the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at such meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 3.03(b). In addition to any other applicable requirements, for a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder must have given timely notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be timely, a stockholder's notice to the Secretary of the Corporation must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal office of the Corporation not later than the close of
Nomination of Directors.
 
business on the 90th day, nor earlier than the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting (provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by the Corporation). In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above.
Such stockholder's notice to the Secretary shall set forth: (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of such person, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of such person, (iii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of all stock of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of such shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; and (iv) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder; and (b) as to the stockholder giving the notice, and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination is being made, (i) the name and record address of such person; (ii) (A) the class or series and number of all shares of stock of the Corporation which are owned beneficially or of record by such person and any affiliates or associates of such person, (B) the name of each nominee holder of shares of the Corporation owned beneficially but not of record by such person or any affiliates or associates of such person, and the number of shares of stock of the Corporation held by each such nominee holder, (C) whether and the extent to which any derivative instrument, swap, option, warrant, short interest, hedge or profit interest or other transaction has been entered into by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation and (D) whether and the extent to which any other transaction, agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any short position or any borrowing or lending of shares of stock of the Corporation) has been made by or on behalf of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, the effect or intent of any of the foregoing being to mitigate loss to, or to manage risk or benefit of stock price changes for, such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, or to increase or decrease the voting power or pecuniary or economic interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, with respect to stock of the Corporation; (iii) a description of all agreements, arrangements, or understandings (whether written or oral) between such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, and any proposed nominee or any other person or persons (including their names) pursuant to which the nomination(s) are being made by such person, and any material interest of such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person, in such nomination, including any anticipated benefit therefrom to such person, or any affiliates or associates of such person; (iv) a representation that the stockholder giving notice intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to nominate the persons named in its notice; (v) a representation whether such stockholder intends, or is part of a group that intends, to solicit proxies from other stockholders in support of such nomination; and (vi) any other information relating to such person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitation of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. Such notice must be accompanied by a written consent of each proposed nominee to being named as a nominee and to serve as a director if elected. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be required by the Corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation.
 
A stockholder providing notice of any nomination proposed to be made at a meeting of stockholders shall further update and supplement such notice, if necessary, so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting. Such update and supplement shall be delivered to or be mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal office of the Corporation not later than five business days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to receive notice of such meeting.
No person shall be eligible for election as a director of the Corporation unless nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein. Notwithstanding anything above to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation naming the nominees for the additional directorships at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 3.03(b) shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for the additional directorships, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation.
The chair of the meeting shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in accordance with the foregoing procedure and, if the chair should so determine, the chair shall so declare to the meeting, and the defective nomination shall be disregarded.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.03(b), unless otherwise required by applicable law or the Board or the chair of the annual meeting determines otherwise, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 3.03(b), to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must produce such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, at the meeting of stockholders.
Section 3.04 Any director of the Corporation may resign at any time by giving written notice or notice by electronic transmission to the Board or to the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein, or, if the time be not specified, it shall take effect immediately upon its receipt; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 3.05 Unless otherwise restricted by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board may be removed with or without cause by the holders of two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.
Removal.
Section 3.06 Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, any vacancy in the Board, whether because of death, resignation, disqualification, an increase in the number of directors, or any other cause, may only be filled by vote of the majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum. Each director so chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been elected and shall qualify or until such director shall resign or shall have been removed.
Vacancies.
Section 3.07 The Board shall meet as soon as practicable after each annual election of directors and notice of such first meeting shall not be required.
First Meeting.
Section 3.08 Regular meetings of the Board may be held at such times as the Board shall from time to time by resolution determine. If any day fixed for a regular meeting shall be a legal holiday at the place where the meeting is to be held, then the meeting shall be held at the same hour and place on the next succeeding business day not a legal holiday. Except as provided by applicable law, notice of regular meetings need not be given.
Regular Meetings.
Section 3.09 Special meetings of the Board may be called at any time by the Chair of the Board, by the Chief Executive Officer or by the Secretary upon the written request of at least one-third of the directors then in office. Such meetings shall be held at the principal office of the Corporation, or at such other place or places, within or without the State of Delaware, as the person or persons calling the meeting may designate.
Special Meetings.
 
Section 3.10 The Board may designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to act at the meeting in the place of any absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to (a) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter (other than the election or removal of directors) expressly required by Delaware Law to be submitted to stockholders for approval or (b) adopting, amending or repealing any of these Bylaws. Any such committee shall keep written minutes of its meetings and report the same to the Board at the next regular meeting of the Board. Any Board committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of such committee, and delegate to the subcommittee any or all of the powers of the committee.
Committees.
Section 3.11 Notice of all special meetings of the Board or a committee shall be mailed to each director, addressed to his or her residence or usual place of business, at least five (5) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held, or shall be personally delivered or otherwise given by such delivery means (telecopy, electronic or other) as the Secretary deems appropriate and in compliance with applicable law, at least two (2) days before the day on which the meeting is to be held. Such notice may be waived by any director and any meeting shall be a legal meeting without notice having been given if all the directors shall be present thereat or if those not present shall, either before or after the meeting, waive notice of or consent to (in writing or by electronic transmission) such meeting or shall after the meeting sign the approval of the minutes thereof. All such waivers, consents or approvals shall be filed with the corporate records or be made a part of the minutes of the meeting.
Notice of Meetings.
Section 3.12 The Board (or committee of the Board) may hold any of its meetings at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as the Board (or the committee) may from time to time by resolution designate or as shall be designated by the person or persons calling the meeting or in the notice or a waiver of notice of any such meeting. Directors may participate in any regular or special meeting of the Board or a committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment pursuant to which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
Place of Meeting, Etc.
Section 3.13 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws or by Delaware Law, the presence of a majority of the total number of directors shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of the Board and the presence of a majority of the total number of directors then serving on a committee of the Board shall be required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of such committee, and all matters shall be decided at any such meeting, a quorum being present, by the affirmative votes of a majority of the directors present. In the absence of a quorum at any meeting or any adjournment thereof, a majority of directors present may adjourn such meeting from time to time. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally called. Notice of any adjourned meeting need not be given. The directors shall act only as a Board or as a committee thereof, and the individual directors shall have no power as such.
Quorum and Manner of Acting.
Section 3.14 Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or such committee consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, as the case may be, and such written consent or electronic transmission is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.
Action by Consent.
Section 3.15 The directors shall receive such compensation for their services as directors, and such additional compensation for their services as members of any committees of the Board, as may be authorized by the Board.
Compensation.
Section 3.16
Board Leadership.
(a) . The Board may elect or appoint, from among its members, a Chair of the Board and one or more Vice Chairs of the Board, who shall not be considered by virtue of holding such position officers of
Chair of the Board
 
the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, when present, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and of the Board. The Chair of the Board shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, all duties incident to the office of Chair of the Board and such other duties as the Board may assign to the Chair of the Board from time to time.
(b) At any time the Chair of the Board is not independent as that term is defined in the Corporation's Corporate Governance Guidelines and any additional independence criteria established by the Board of Directors, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange, the independent directors may designate from among them a Lead Director having the duties and responsibilities required by any applicable rules of the New York Stock Exchange and as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors from time to time.
Lead Director.
Section 4.01 The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, one or more Presidents of various ranks, one or more Executive Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Controller and a Treasurer, all of whom shall serve under the direction and subject to the control of the Board.
Principal Officers.
Section 4.02 Except such officers as may be appointed in accordance with Section 4.03 or 4.06, the officers of the Corporation, shall be elected annually (or at such other intervals as the Board may determine) by the Board. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service.
Election.
Section 4.03 In addition to the principal officers designated in Section 4.01, the Board, the Chair of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time appoint such other officers and agents as each of them may deem necessary or advisable, including one or more Vice Presidents of various rank, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries, one or more Assistant Treasurers, and an Assistant Controller, each of which officers and agents shall be subject to the control of the Board and have such authority and perform such duties as are provided in these Bylaws or as the Board, Chair of the Board or Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation, removal or other disqualification for service. The Board may also delegate to any other principal officer or committee established by the Board the power to appoint any such additional officers and agents.
Additional Officers and Agents.
Section 4.04 All officers and agents of the Corporation, elected or appointed by the Board, may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by (a) resolution adopted by the Board or (b) if the officer or agent shall have been appointed by a committee of the Board or another officer duly authorized by the Board or these Bylaws, by such appointing committee or officer.
Removal.
Section 4.05 Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary of the Corporation. Any such resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein; and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.
Resignations.
Section 4.06 A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or other cause, may be filled in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for regular appointments to such office.
Vacancies.
Section 4.07 Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board to the Chair of the Board, if any, the Chief Executive Officer, if such officer is appointed, shall, subject to the control of the Board, have general supervision, direction and control of the business and officers of the Corporation. In the event of the death, disability or other absence of the Chair of the Board, the duties of the Chair of the Board may be performed by the Chief Executive Officer, including presiding at any meeting of the Board or the stockholders of the Corporation. The Chief Executive Officer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers or agents of the Corporation by the Board or these
Chief Executive Officer.
 
Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. The Chief Executive Officer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Vice Presidents of various rank or other officers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officers.
Section 4.08 Individuals appointed to the office of President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as the Board or Chief Executive Officer may assign to such President from time to time. The President may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) and deliver certificates for shares of the Corporation, any deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments that the Board or the Chief Executive Officer has authorized to be executed and delivered, except in cases where the execution and delivery thereof shall be expressly and exclusively delegated to one or more other officers of agents of the Corporation by the Board or these Bylaws, or where the execution and delivery thereof shall be required by applicable law to be executed and delivered by another person. Individuals appointed to the office of President Federal Business, President of another organizational unit of the Corporation or Group President shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the President of the Corporation and shall have such other duties as the Board, Chief Executive Officer or President of the Corporation may assign to such officers from time to time.
President(s).
Section 4.09 Each Vice President of the Corporation shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or President, such duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other office or officers may assign to such Vice President from time to time. Vice Presidents of the Corporation may be further designated as Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents or such other similar title as the Board, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, any President or such other officer or officers may designate.
Vice Presidents.
Section 4.10 The Secretary of the Corporation or his or her designee shall attend all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board and committees established by the Board and shall record correctly the proceedings of such meetings in a book suitable for such purposes. The Secretary shall attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all stock certificates issued by the Corporation and shall keep or cause to be kept a stock ledger in which all transactions pertaining to shares of all classes and series of capital stock of the Corporation shall be correctly recorded. The Secretary shall also attest with a signature and the seal of the Corporation (in facsimile or otherwise) all deeds, conveyances or other instruments requiring the seal of the Corporation. The Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and special meetings of the Board or committees established by the Board. The Secretary is authorized to issue certificates, to which the corporate seal may be affixed, attesting to the incumbency of officers of the Corporation or to actions duly taken by the stockholders of the Corporation, the Board or any committee established by the Board. The Secretary shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Secretary from time to time. The duties of the Secretary may also be performed by any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Secretaries of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Secretary.
Section 4.11 The Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation in general shall supervise all of the financial affairs of the Corporation, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer, all duties incident to the office of Chief Financial Officer and such other duties as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may assign to the Chief Financial Officer from time to time.
Chief Financial Officer.
Section 4.12 The Treasurer of the Corporation shall have the care and custody of all the funds, notes, bonds, debentures, stock and other securities of the Corporation that may come into the hands of the Treasurer, acting in such capacity. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the investment and reinvestment of funds of the Corporation in accordance with general investment policies determined from time to time by the Corporation and shall ensure that the Corporation is adequately funded at all times by arranging, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, and the Chief Financial Officer, for the issuance of debt, equity and other forms of securities that may be necessary or appropriate. The Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) checks, drafts, notes, bonds, debentures and other instruments for the payment of money for deposit or
Treasurer.
 
collection when necessary or appropriate and may deposit the same to the credit of the Corporation in such banks or depositories as the Board may designate from time to time, and the Treasurer may endorse (in facsimile or otherwise) all commercial documents requiring endorsements for or on behalf of the Corporation. The Treasurer may deliver instructions to financial institutions by facsimile or otherwise. The Treasurer may execute (in facsimile or otherwise) all receipts and vouchers for payments made to the Corporation. The Treasurer shall render an account of the Treasurer's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Treasurer shall enter regularly in the books to be kept by the Treasurer for that purpose, a full and adequate account of all monies received and paid by the Treasurer on account of the Corporation. If requested by the Board, the Treasurer shall give a bond to the Corporation for the faithful performance of the Treasurer's duties, the expenses of which bond shall be borne by the Corporation. The Treasurer shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer may assign to the Treasurer from time to time. The duties of the Treasurer may be performed by any Assistant Treasurer of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Treasurers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Section 4.13 The Controller of the Corporation shall be the chief accounting officer of the Corporation, shall maintain adequate records of all assets, liabilities and transactions of the Corporation and shall be responsible for the design, installation and maintenance of accounting and cost control systems and procedures throughout the Corporation. The Controller also shall keep in books belonging to the Corporation full and accurate accounts of receipts of, and disbursements made by, the Corporation. The Controller shall render an account of the Controller's transactions to the Board or its Audit Committee as often as the Board or its Audit Committee shall require from time to time. The Controller shall perform, under the direction and subject to the control of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, all duties incident to the office of Controller and such other duties as the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, may assign to the Controller from time to time. The duties of the Controller may also be performed by any Assistant Controller of the Corporation. The Controller shall have the power and authority to appoint one or more Assistant Controllers of the Corporation, which power shall not be exclusive of any right of the Board to elect or appoint such officer.
Controller.
Section 5.01 Except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, the Board may authorize any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances; and unless so authorized by the Board or by these Bylaws, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power or authority to bind the Corporation by any contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose or in any amount.
Execution of Contracts.
Section 5.02 All checks, drafts or other orders for payment of money, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, issued in the name of or payable to the Corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall be determined by resolution of the Board. Each such officer, assistant, agent or attorney shall give such bond, if any, as the Board may require.
Checks, Drafts, Etc.
Section 5.03 All funds of the Corporation not otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board may select, or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. For the purpose of deposit and for the purpose of collection for the account of the Corporation, the Chair of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, any President, the Treasurer or any Vice President who has been authorized by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Treasurer to do so (or any other officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation who shall from time to time be determined by the Board) may endorse, assign and deliver checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of money which are payable to the order of the Corporation.
Deposits.
Section 5.04 The Board (or a committee of the Board to which such power is delegated) may from time to time authorize the opening and keeping of general and special bank accounts
General and Special Bank Accounts.
 
with such banks, trust companies or other depositories as the Board (or committee) may select or as may be selected by any officer or officers, assistant or assistants, agent or agents, or attorney or attorneys of the Corporation to whom such power shall have been delegated by the Board. The Board may make such special rules and regulations with respect to such bank accounts, not inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws, as it may deem expedient.
Section 6.01
Certificates Representing Stock.
(a) Certificates (if any) representing shares of stock or any bond, debenture or other corporate securities of the Corporation shall be in such form as is consistent with the Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law, and shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and shall be signed in the name of the Corporation by the President or a Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary or by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer. Any of or all of the signatures on the certificates may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed, or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon, any such certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, such certificate may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as though the person who signed such certificate, or whose facsimile signature shall have been placed thereupon, were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue.
Form and Execution of Certificates.
(b) If the Corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock; provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of Delaware Law, in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the Corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a statement that the Corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.
Special Designation on Certificates.
(c) Except as provided in this Section 6.01(c), no new certificates for shares shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the Corporation and canceled at the same time. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, and the Corporation may require the owner of the lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed certificate, or the owner's legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft, mutilation or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of such new certificate; provided, however, that a new certificate or uncertificated share may be issued without requiring any bond when, in the judgment of the Board, or the Secretary of the Corporation, it is proper so to do.
Lost Certificates.
Section 6.02 Subject to any conditions imposed by Delaware Law, the Board may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of any uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof any written notice prescribed by Delaware Law.
Uncertificated Shares.
Section 6.03 Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, transfers or registrations of transfers of shares of stock of the Corporation shall be made only on the books of the Corporation by the registered holder thereof, or by the attorney of the registered holder thereunto authorized by power of attorney duly executed and filed with the Secretary, or with a transfer clerk or a transfer agent, if any, and with respect to shares represented by certificates, upon surrender of the certificate or certificates for such shares properly endorsed, and with respect to uncertificated shares, upon the execution by the transferor and transferee of all transfer documents in such form as the Corporation shall reasonably require, and, with respect to all shares, upon the payment of all taxes thereon. The person in whose name shares of stock stand on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the owner thereof for all purposes as regards the Corporation. Whenever any shares are pledged for collateral security such fact shall be reflected on the books of the Corporation.
Transfers of Stock.
 
Section 6.04 The Board may make such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient, not inconsistent with these Bylaws, concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates for shares of the stock of the Corporation. It may appoint, or authorize any officer or officers to appoint, one or more transfer clerks or one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates for stock to bear the signature or signatures of any of them.
Regulations.
Section 6.05 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any other change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action. If in any case involving the determination of stockholders for any purpose other than notice of or voting at a meeting of stockholders, the Board shall not fix such a record date, the record date for determining stockholders for such purpose shall be the close of business on the day on which the Board shall adopt the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of such meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record.
Section 7.01 The Board shall provide a corporate seal, which shall be in the form of a circle and shall bear the name of the Corporation and words and figures showing that the Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and the year of incorporation.
Seal.
Section 7.02 Whenever notice is required to be given by these Bylaws, the Certificate of Incorporation or Delaware Law, the person entitled to said notice may waive such notice (in writing or by electronic transmission), either before or after the time stated therein, and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to notice.
Waiver of Notices.
Section 7.03 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of February in each year.
Fiscal Year.
Section 7.04 These Bylaws, or any of them, may be altered, amended or repealed, and new Bylaws may be made by the Board, by vote of a majority of the number of directors then in office as directors, acting at any meeting of the Board. No section of the Bylaws shall be adopted, repealed, altered, amended or rescinded by the stockholders of the Corporation except by the vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation.
Amendments.
Section 7.05 The Corporation engages in the practice of engineering in various jurisdictions which regulate such practice, including the State of Washington. In order to comply with the laws of such jurisdictions, including the State of Washington, all engineering decisions pertaining to any project or engineering activities in any such jurisdiction shall be made by a designated engineer licensed to practice in such jurisdiction who shall be appointed by the Board from time to time as vacancies occur.
Designation of Engineer.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120717211953.txt.gz
TIME:20120717211953
EVENTS:	Other Events	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Other Events
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On July 17, 2012, we issued a press release announcing that Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire maxIT Healthcare Holdings, Inc., a leading healthcare information technology consulting firm based in Westfield, Indiana. The acquisition is expected to close in August 2012, subject to customary closing conditions, including expiration or early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. At closing, SAIC will pay approximately $473 million, subject to adjustment, from cash on hand to acquire maxIT Healthcare. In addition, SAIC expects to pay up to $20 million to maxIT Healthcare shareholders after receipt of certain tax refunds following closing. The press release announcing the signing of the definitive agreement to acquire maxIT Healthcare is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
(McLean, Va.) July 17, 2012Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) [NYSE: SAI] today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire maxIT Healthcare Holdings, Inc., a leading healthcare IT (Information Technology) consulting firm based in Westfield, Ind.
maxIT Healthcare, the largest private independent healthcare IT consulting company in North America, provides a comprehensive range of healthcare IT services and solutions primarily to commercial hospital groups and other medical delivery organizations. These include IT strategy and planning, electronic health record (EHR) implementation and optimization, and management consulting across a broad range of activities such as accountable care transformation, revenue cycle improvement, and support in meeting the U.S. Government's meaningful use requirements necessary to obtain incentive payments from the government in connection with implementing EHR capability.
maxIT Healthcare has an extensive commercial customer base and has served more than 600 hospitals, hospital groups, physician practices and accountable care organizations (ACOs) in the U.S. and Canada. The company's established expertise and knowledge within commercial hospitals and ambulatory clinics, as well as its exceptional reputation, will be combined with SAIC's Vitalize Consulting Solutions (VCS) team, which SAIC acquired in 2011, bringing together some of the best consultants in the commercial healthcare industry. This combination creates the nation's largest commercial consulting practice in EHR implementation and optimization services and enables the combined operations to better serve healthcare providers by helping them achieve their universal objectives  reduced healthcare costs, effective use of data to make more informed decisions, and improved patient care.
The combination of maxIT Healthcare with VCS also strengthens SAIC's capabilities to provide EHR implementation and integration services to its strong base of Federal healthcare customers as they increasingly migrate toward the incorporation of commercial off the shelf (COTS) EHR applications. As both commercial and Federal healthcare providers begin to fully extract value from their EHR solutions, SAIC is well positioned to leverage its service offerings in systems integration and interoperability, health sciences and advanced data analytics to assist providers in realizing the promise of personalization in delivering value based healthcare.
As a result of the acquisition, approximately 1,300 employees from maxIT Healthcare will join SAIC's Health Solutions Business Unit (HSBU), led by Steve Comber. HSBU is a part of the Health, Energy and Civil Solutions Group, led by SAIC Group President Joe Craver.
"The maxIT Healthcare team brings significant capabilities and talent to SAIC, as well as an outstanding reputation with its customers for providing the highest level of service," said Craver. "Combined with our acquisition of VCS, this deal enhances SAIC's capabilities to address the nation's challenge of rising healthcare costs, access to quality care, and the need to improve patient outcomes."
"The combined strengths of maxIT, SAIC and VCS will be a significant differentiator in the healthcare IT market. We look forward to continued growth as part of the SAIC team, while maintaining flexibility to meet the ever-changing needs of the healthcare market," said Mike Sweeney, president and CEO of maxIT Healthcare.
Parker Hinshaw, maxIT Healthcare founder, added, "We share so much already with the SAIC team  high ethical values and culture, financially sound business practices, and most importantly, our passion for making a significant difference in one of the most important industries in the world, healthcare."
The acquisition is expected to close in August 2012, subject to customary closing conditions, including expiration or early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. At closing, SAIC will pay approximately $473 million, subject to adjustment, from cash on hand to acquire maxIT Healthcare. In addition, SAIC expects to pay up to $20 million to maxIT Healthcare shareholders after receipt of certain tax refunds following closing.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 40,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $10.6 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
http://www.saic.com/
Statements in this announcement, other than historical data and information, constitute forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. A number of factors could cause our actual results, performance, achievements, or industry results to be very different from the results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of these factors include, but are not limited to, the risk factors set forth in SAIC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2012, and other such filings that SAIC makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
Contact:           Melissa Koskovich
(703) 676-6762
koskovichm@saic.com


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120821172000.txt.gz
TIME:20120821172000
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) entered into an administrative agreement dated August 21, 2012, with the U.S. Army on behalf of all agencies of the U.S. Government, that confirms SAIC's continuing eligibility to enter into and perform contracts with all agencies of the U.S. Government following SAIC's previously announced settlement, with the U.S. Attorney's Office, of investigations relating to SAIC's contract to develop and implement an automated time and attendance and workforce management system (CityTime) for certain New York City agencies. The Army has determined that the U.S. Government will have adequate assurances under the terms of the administrative agreement and that initiation of suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the U.S. Government's interests following SAIC's settlement of the CityTime matter. Under the terms of the administrative agreement, SAIC has agreed, among other things, to maintain a contractor responsibility program having the specific elements described in the administrative agreement, including retaining a monitor and providing certain reports to the Army. The administrative agreement will continue in effect for five years, provided that SAIC may request earlier termination following completion of three years. Contractor Integrity Solutions, LLC, who has been appointed by the U.S. Attorney's Office to serve as the monitor as part of SAIC's settlement of the CityTime matter, will also serve as the monitor under the administrative agreement.
The foregoing description of the administrative agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and incorporated herein by this reference.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
 
This Administrative Agreement ("Agreement") is made between the United States Army ("Army"), acting through its Suspension & Debarment Official ("SDO"), on behalf of the U.S. Government as the lead agency for determining the present responsibility of the Contractor Science Applications International Corporation ("SAIC" or the "Contractor").
A. PREAMBLE
.Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) is a Fortune 500 scientific, engineering and technology applications company with approximately 41,000 employees worldwide. SAIC is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange and approximately 93 percent of its business is generated by government contracts.
1
The New York City (NYC) Office of Payroll Administration (OPA) entered into a contract with SAIC to develop and implement CityTime, an initiative to modernize the payroll system for NYC employees. The project was originally budgeted to cost $63 million, but has cost more than $600 million. The cost of CityTime was significantly increased by the fraud of SAIC's former employees and others. The cost of the project was also legitimately increased as a result of the changing needs of the City. Mr. Gerard Denault served as SAIC's Program Manager for CityTime between 2003 to 2010, while Mr. Carl Bell worked as a Chief Systems Engineer in the New York office of SAIC from 2003 to 2011. Mr. Denault was responsible for selecting and overseeing subcontractors hired by SAIC to assist with CityTime. Mr. Denault was also responsible for submitting bills to NYC seeking payment for work performed by SAIC employees and subcontractors on CityTime, developing proposed CityTime work orders, and developing contract amendments seeking approval for SAIC to perform additional work on the project. On June 17, 2011, a grand jury in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York indicted SAIC employee, Mr. Denault, among others, for conspiracy, bribery, wire fraud, obstruction of justice, and money laundering in violation 18 U.S.C.  371, 666, 1343, 1346, 1349, 1512, 1952, and 1956. Mr. Carl Bell has pleaded guilty to multiple charges based on his participation in the scheme.
2.
On March 8, 2012, SAIC entered a deferred prosecution agreement (DPA) with the Department of Justice (DoJ) and the New York City Department of Investigation (DoI). Under the DPA, SAIC agreed to pay a total of $500,392,977.00 to the United States. These funds were forfeited to the United States pursuant to a civil forfeiture complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. SAIC agreed that it would not file a claim with the Court or otherwise contest this civil forfeiture action and would not assist a third party in asserting any claim to the Forfeited Funds. As part of the agreement, SAIC also acknowledged that it failed to properly investigate a 2005 ethics complaint filed by a whistleblower alleging, among other things, that Mr. Denault was receiving kickbacks on the project from the single source subcontractor he had hired to perform the work. SAIC also accepted responsibility for the illegal conduct alleged against Mr. Denault and admitted to by Mr. Bell.
3.
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
SAIC accepted responsibility for the illegal conduct of its former employees, and has cooperated fully with the Government's investigation. SAIC voluntarily implemented institutional reforms and terminated the employment of managers who directly supervised Mr. Denault and the CityTime project. As part of the DPA, SAIC agreed to continue cooperation with the Government and consented to the appointment of an independent monitor (Monitor) to ensure its compliance with both the agreement and with appropriate ethics and procurement policies. SAIC also consented to the filing of a one-count felony Information, charging it with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C.  1349, and agreed that it would be subject to prosecution under the Information if it fails to satisfy the terms of the DPA at any time within the next three years. The Government agreed under the terms of the DPA to seek dismissal of the Information at the conclusion of the period set forth in the DPA if SAIC complies with its terms.
4.
In order to assure its present responsibility, SAIC agrees to execute and take the remedial actions specified in this Agreement, including Section C, Contractor Responsibility Program, subject to the terms and conditions described in Section D, General Conditions, and Section E, Administration of this Agreement.
5.
The Army has determined that the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if complied with, provide adequate assurance that the interests of the Government will be sufficiently protected to preclude the debarment or suspension of Science Applications International Corporation, pursuant to the current disposition of facts and circumstances.
6.
This Agreement is effective for a period of five years (60 months) from the Effective Date. Upon the completion of the third year of this Agreement, SAIC may request a review of its performance under the Agreement and ask that the SDO determine if Contractor has fulfilled its obligations under this Agreement. The decision concerning the fulfillment of these obligations shall be at the sole discretion of the SDO. In addition, at any time after the completion of the third year of the agreement, SAIC may present information for consideration by the SDO regarding its performance under the Agreement and request a reconsideration of the SDO's decision to maintain the Agreement in force.
7.
, in consideration of the promises set forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the parties mutually agree as follows.
NOW THEREFORE
B. DEFINITIONS
"Army" refers to the United States Army. Specific points of contact for this Agreement are the SDO and the United States Army Legal Services Agency, Contract and Fiscal Law Division, Procurement Fraud Branch and their designees.
1.
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
"Attachment" refers to documents which are incorporated by reference into this Agreement. Attachments contain material relevant to the basis for entering into this Agreement or discuss specific aspects of its implementation. Attachments may be modified after the entry of this Agreement into force without altering the basic Agreement itself at the express agreement of the parties. As executed, there are three "Attachments" to this Agreement: Attachment 1  Deferred Prosecution Agreement (and Exhibits A-D), dated March 8, 2012; Attachment 2  New York City Release, dated March 8, 2012; Attachment 3  SAIC Release, dated March 9, 2012.
2.
"Appendix" or "Appendices" refer to modifications to the Agreement itself. Appendices may be added at the agreement of the parties to address a new or unforeseen issue related to the implementation of the Agreement.
3.
"Contractor" refers to Science Applications International Corporation, including SAIC's divisions, operating units, and groups, as appropriate, including its directors, officers, and employees, while acting in their capacities as such. It does not refer to or include SAIC's wholly-owned subsidiaries.
4.
"Days" refers to calendar days.
5.
"Deferred Prosecution Agreement" refers to the agreement signed on March 8, 2012 between the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York and SAIC as described above in the Preamble. Attached to the Deferred Prosecution Agreement are Exhibit A, a Board Resolution, Exhibit B, the Information Charge, Exhibit C, Statement of Responsibility, and Exhibit D, Mutual Releases.
6.
"DFARS' refers to the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement.
7.
"Effective Date" refers to the date on which the SDO signs this Agreement on behalf of the Army.
8.
"Employee" refers to officers, managers, and supervisors. All other full and part-time workers, whose performance is under the direct supervision and control of the Contractor, will be considered "employees" solely for training purposes. Consultants and temporary workers shall be made aware of the compliance agreement and the standing Contractor Responsibility Program, and, to the extent engaged in the formation or administration of government contracts, furnished copies of the Code of Corporate Conduct and the Government Contracting Policies and Procedures.
9.
"Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer" refers to a managerial officer of the Contractor who will be the first point of contact for all questions regarding the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
10.
"FAR" refers to the Federal Acquisition Regulation.
11.
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
"Government" refers to any department, agency, division, independent establishment, or wholly-owned corporation of the United States Government.
12.
"Independent Cause for Suspension or Debarment" refers to a reason or basis for such action not directly related to information set forth in the Preamble or any document referred to in the Preamble.
13.
"Ombudsperson" refers to an independent attorney, certified public accountant, or other expert knowledgeable in the area of Federal Government contracting policies and procedures who will act to ensure the Contractor's compliance with the terms of this Agreement. The "Monitor" refers to the individual retained by Contractor and approved by the Office of the Deputy Attorney General of the DoJ, whose principal powers, rights and responsibilities are set forth in Section 15 of the DPA. With the approval of the Army SDO the Monitor may perform the function of the Ombudsperson under this Administrative Agreement. The Ombudsperson will act as an alternative channel of communication for SAIC employees and other interested individuals who wish to report what they consider to be infractions or violations of the Contractor's Code of Conduct involving violations of Government contract laws, rules and regulations, or other matters that raise questions concerning the Contractor's present responsibility or ask questions regarding the Code with respect to the same issues.
14.
"U.S.C." refers to the United States Code.
15.
"Temporary workers" shall mean persons who have worked for the Contractor for less than ninety (90) days.
16.
C. CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITY PROGRAM
. The Contractor has a company-wide Ethics and Compliance Program which provides the institutional means for achieving present responsibility as a Government contractor. As of the Effective Date, the Contractor has established the following elements of this program:
1. Existing Program Elements
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
(i) The Contractor's Board of Directors, directly or through committees, assesses the activities and responsibilities of the Ethics and Compliance Program, including the compliance activities of the Contractor. The Ethics and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors reviews ethics cases and trends and ethics and compliance policies, procedures and training quarterly.
(ii) The Contractor has established an Employee Ethics Council and Ethics and Audit Review Board. The Ethics and Audit Review Boards are supported by the Internal Audit function, the Human Resources Department, Legal Department, and Finance Department. The Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer is responsible for ensuring that the Ethics and Compliance Program is a formal and documented process for investigating potential violations of the Code of Conduct. The Ethics Office also has the responsibility of assigning investigative teams to address potential violations of the Code of Conduct after they are discovered and reported. This process, as well as the responsibilities of the Employee Ethics Council, is set forth in Corporate Policies EEC-1 and SG-1.
(iii) As set forth in the DPA, the U.S. Attorney's Office has also appointed a Monitor to receive and investigate reports of possible violations involving Government contract laws, rules and regulations, or other matters that raise questions concerning the Contractor's present responsibility.
(iv) All issues involving violations of Government contract laws, rules and regulations, or other matters that raise questions concerning the Contractor's present responsibility giving rise to an investigation by the Employee Ethics Council will be registered and recorded in the Contractor's Ethics and Compliance database. The Contractor has developed a system used to track and document all actions taken from the beginning of the investigation until issue resolution. The system is available by electronic means and has a sufficient level of security. The system is accessible to the Audit and Ethics Review Boards, the Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors, the Legal Department, and the Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, and will also be made accessible to the Monitor.
 
(i) Code of Conduct. The Contractor will continue to require Ethics Awareness training biennially, and for all employees regarding the Ethics and Compliance Program and revisions thereto. After providing the training, the Contractor must require that employees certify annually that they have reviewed the Code of Conduct and understand that they are required to comply with its provisions. Completion is verified in the Contractor's Enterprise Learning Management system.
(ii) Compliance Training. The Contractor will continue to provide employees with Government contracting training opportunities. The training program should include topics covering the more critical issues faced by the Contractor when preparing for, entering into, and administering Government contracts. The Contractor must target
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
certain employees who are directly involved with formation and the performance of Government contracts to receive specialized training in procurement laws, regulations, and policies. Like the Ethics Awareness training, the materials are available on the Contractor's Enterprise Learning Management system and the employees are required to certify that they received the training.
(iii) Frequency and Certification of Training. The Contractor conducts and updates all Code of Conduct, Compliance training and employee certifications annually. The Ethics Awareness training is required and completed biennially. The Contractor requires that rosters of all employee certifications for Code of Conduct and Compliance training be maintained.
 
 
Contractor's hotline is available so that employees may report to the Ethics and Compliance Department any violations of the Code of Conduct. In reporting any alleged violation, employees are given the option to do so anonymously, in accordance with local law and regulation. Information on how to use or access the hotline is readily available to all employees in their work areas. Information gathered and learned from the hotline is provided to the Employee Ethics Council, which initiates investigations as appropriate.
In addition to the current system, the Contractor is in the process of selecting an outside vendor as a third-party hotline manager. The vendor will provide a worldwide toll-free compliance telephonic hotline and web portal for voicing concerns, which will be available internally and externally to receive information 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
The following steps and procedures shall be implemented as part of this Agreement:
2. Required Program Elements.
 
(i) The Contractor maintains, and, as necessary, revises the Code of Conduct to ensure that the Contractor maintains the business integrity and honesty required of a Government contractor, and that the Contractor's performance is in strict compliance with the terms and conditions of its Government contracts.
(ii) The Code of Conduct requires employees to report any violation or suspected violation of the Code of Conduct, corporate policies, laws or regulations, or any ethics or conduct concerns, whether committed by the Contractor, a vendor, a subcontractor, or a Government employee, using any one of eight disclosure channels, including the Contractor's hotline and Employee Ethics Council on the Ethics Line.
(iii) Within 60 days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Contractor shall submit the latest edition of its Code of Conduct to the Army for review. If the Army advises that any aspect of the Code of Conduct fails to meet the requirements of this Agreement, Contractor shall promptly revise the Code of Conduct to address the Army's concerns and resubmit it for approval.
 
(i) The Contractor has implemented a uniform system for reporting findings of all complaints involving violations of Government contract laws, rules and regulations, or other matters that raise questions concerning the Contractor's present responsibility that are submitted through the Employee Ethics Council, hotline, or other disclosure channel. Within 90 days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, the Contractor will enhance the system to include submissions through the Monitor. The reporting system contains the following elements: 1) identification of the accused individual (unless circumstances warrant protecting the individual's identity further) and business unit; 2) a description of the allegations; 3) a listing of the investigating personnel; 4) the date of the initial report/complaint; 5) the resolution of the issue; and 6) recommendation regarding additional or preventative action to be taken. These reports shall contain supporting documents collected during the course of the investigation as attachments.
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
(ii) The Contractor has updated its written corporate policies and procedures to ensure uniform application of the Ethics and Compliance Program. These policies and procedures shall be provided to the Monitor and the Army for review and will be the basis for the development of training materials regarding the implementation of the Ethics and Compliance Program.
 
(i) Army Approval of Training Plans. The Contractor shall provide the Army and the Monitor a training plan with a detailed description of course materials it intends to use in training classes within 30 days of the signing of this agreement. If the Army rejects the plan, the Army will specify the reasons for doing so and the Contractor will promptly propose another plan.
(ii) Notice of Training. Upon request, the Contractor will provide the Monitor and/or the Army a schedule of upcoming ethics and Government contracting training sessions so the Monitor and/or the Army may attend the training.
(iii) The Contractor shall complete Code of Conduct certification and Compliance training for appropriate employees by January 31, 2013, and perform Ethics Awareness training biennially. The completion of the training is tracked in the Contractor's Enterprise Learning Management system. Within 90 days of their being hired, the Contractor shall ensure that those relevant employees involved in the process receive Ethics Awareness training, Compliance training as required, have access to the Code of Conduct, and certify that they have read and will comply with the Code of Conduct. The Contractor requires that rosters of all employee certifications for Code of Conduct and Compliance training be maintained.
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
(i) The basis for this Agreement;
(ii) Contractor's commitment to observe all applicable laws and regulations, and to maintain the highest standards in conducting business with the United States Government;
(iii) A brief description of the features of the ethics and compliance program;
(iv) The toll-free telephonic hotline, and contact information of the Monitor.
(v) The availability of the Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer or his designee and the Monitor to answer questions concerning the Employee Ethics Council;
(vi) Employees' ability to report matters to the Monitor, who will conduct an investigation, including a recommendation of corrective action; and
(vii) That employees may make reports of violations of the ethics and compliance program without revealing their identity, when such anonymity is possible without violation of applicable local law or regulation.
 
 
. The Contractor has appointed a Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer to oversee its Ethics and Compliance Program. The Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer has direct reporting responsibilities to the Contractor's Chief Executive Officer and to the Chair of the Ethics and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors, and shall serve as the Contractor's first point of contact for all questions regarding the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Contractor implementation of this Agreement, investigate complaints concerning Contractor's compliance with this Agreement, and report to the Army concerning Contractor's compliance with this Agreement. If the Contractor needs to replace the Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer for any reason (including death, incapacity, or resignation), the Contractor must obtain the Army's approval of the person proposed to fill that position.
3. Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer
4. Monitor.
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
 
 
 
 
(i) Verification of the implementation of the contractor responsibility program described in Section C of this Agreement.
(ii) Investigation of allegations of violations of this Agreement and matters arising under the contractor responsibility program involving violations of Government contract laws, rules, and regulations, or other matters that raise questions concerning the Contractor's present responsibility. For this purpose, the Monitor, at the conclusion of each of his investigations, shall provide a written report to the Contractor's Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer and to the Army, detailing the substance of the allegations, evidence
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
revealed by the investigation, and the findings and recommendations. The Contractor shall take corrective actions where appropriate. The Monitor's complete investigative file shall be furnished to the Army. This provision does not impact the Contractor's responsibility pursuant to the Mandatory Disclosure Program (73 Fed.Reg 67067  67093 (November 12, 2008)).
(iii) Review of investigations made by the Contractor in accordance with the provisions of Section C.4 of this Agreement.
(iv) Preparation and submission of reports to the Army as specified in Section C.5 of this Agreement.
(v) Attending and monitoring employee training on the Ethics and Compliance program and Government contracting as he deems appropriate.
(vi) On an annual basis, the Monitor and the Contractor's Board of Directors (or designated Committee thereof) shall meet to discuss the implementation of this Agreement, the status of ongoing investigations and other matters. In addition, when necessary, but not less than semi-annually, the Monitor shall meet with the management of any of the Contractor's divisions, operating units, groups, value centers and other subsidiaries, to discuss the progress of implementing the contractor responsibility program described in Section C of this Agreement. Notice of such meetings shall be provided to the Army by the Monitor not less than 30 days in advance to allow for attendance by the Army.
(vii) Performance of other duties as described elsewhere in this Agreement, or as deemed reasonably necessary by the Monitor, or the Army.
 
(i) Have sufficient staff and resources, as reasonably determined by the Monitor, to effectively monitor the Contractor's compliance with this Agreement; and
(ii) Have the right to select and hire outside expertise as reasonably necessary to effectively monitor SAIC's compliance with this Agreement.
 
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
5. Reports to the Army.
 
(i) A description of the training conducted that is required by this Agreement and the number of persons who attended, including a statement of the percentage of total employees trained year to date as of the date of the report.
(ii) The total number of hotline calls and other contacts made or referred to the Monitor involving violations of Government contract laws, rules and regulations, or other matters that raise questions concerning the Contractor's present responsibility. This part of the report shall include:
(1) The means by which any alleged misconduct was reported (e.g., call, letter, or drop-in visit, electronic means, etc.);
(2) The category of any alleged misconduct (e.g., product substitution, mischarging, defective pricing, etc.) and a brief descriptive summary thereof;
(3) Whether the alleged misconduct was substantiated, in whole or in part;
(4) Whether disciplinary action was imposed and if so, a description of that action;
(5) Whether corrective measures other than disciplinary actions were taken and if so, a description of those actions. Matters pending resolution at the time of a reporting period shall be included in each subsequent report until final resolution of the matters are reported;
(iii) Whether any investigations utilizing third party resources have been initiated and the status of previously reported investigations utilizing third party resources as required by Section C.4(f) of this Agreement.
 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
(i) The state of the Contractor's compliance programs, including progress made by the company during the term of the Administrative Agreement;
(ii) A discussion of Contractor's training program and its compliance with this requirement;
(iii) A summary of actions as Monitor;
(iv) A list of recommendations and/or "lessons learned"; and
(v) A discussion of any other topic relevant to the Agreement.
 
D. GENERAL CONDITIONS
. All unallowable costs, as described in FAR 31.205-47, incurred for or on behalf of Contractor in response to or in preparation of Government civil, or administrative actions related to alleged violations described in the Section A of this Agreement shall be deemed unallowable costs, direct or indirect, for Government contract purposes. These unallowable amounts shall be separately accounted for by the Contractor by identification of costs incurred: a) through accounting records to the extent possible; b) through memorandum records, including diaries and formal logs, regardless of whether such records are part of official corporate documentation, where accounting records are not available; and c) through good faith itemized estimates where no other reasonable accounting basis is available.
1. Unallowable Costs
. The costs of all self-governance normally required under FAR 9.104-1 and DFARS 203.7001, including the compliance, or ethics programs, activities and offices in existence as of the Effective Date and which are continued by the terms of this Agreement shall be allowable costs to the extent otherwise permitted by law and regulation
2. Allowable Costs
.
. Any requirements imposed on Contractor by this Agreement may be discontinued by the SDO at his sole discretion. Other modifications to this Agreement may be made only in writing and upon mutual consent of the parties to this Agreement.
3. Modifications of This Agreement
. Where this Agreement requires approval by the Army, or other action or response by the Army, the Chief, Procurement Fraud Branch or his/her designee, will normally provide such action. This does not restrict the ability of the SDO to take such action as he may elect.
4. Approvals
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
. Contractor shall not knowingly subcontract or enter into any business relationship in support of a U.S. Government prime contract with any individual or business entity that is listed by the General Services Administration (GSA) as debarred, suspended, or proposed for debarment. In order to implement this provision, the Contractor shall make reasonable inquiry into the status of any such potential business partner, to include, at a minimum, review of the GSA's Excluded Parties List System
5. Business Relationships with Suspended or Debarred Entities
1
.
. This Agreement is a public document. It, and any attachments, appendices, addendums and/or modifications, will be posted on the publicly assessable Army Fraud Fighter's Website.
6. Public Document
2
. Contractor releases the United States, its instrumentalities, agents, and employees in their official and personal capacities, of any and all liability or claims, monetary or equitable, arising out of the negotiation of, and entry into, this Agreement.
7. Release of Liability
Contractor will provide, within 30 days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, a listing and status of all known ongoing criminal, civil and administrative investigations and proceedings conducted by any Government entity with regard to any allegation relating to the Contractor's violation of government contracts or regulation.
8. Legal Proceedings.
. The Contractor agrees that the Army and/or the Monitor, at their sole discretion, may disclose to any Government department or agency any information, testimony, document, record or other materials provided pursuant to this Agreement. Such disclosures shall be subject to 18 U.S.C.  1905 and other applicable exemptions to the Freedom of Information Act.
9.
Information Sharing
. This Agreement in no way restricts the authority, responsibility, or legal duty of the Army, or any other federal agency to consider and institute suspension or debarment proceedings against the Contractor based upon information constituting an independent cause for suspension or debarment concerning events related or unrelated to the facts and circumstances set out herein, including, but not restricted to, any substantive allegations of wrongdoing under any past, present, or future hotline complaint or security program investigations. The Army or any other federal agency may, in its sole discretion, initiate such proceedings in accordance with the FAR Subpart 9.4.
10. Scope of This Agreement  Suspension and Debarment for Independent Cause
 
http://www.epls.gov/epls/servlet/EPLSSearchMain/1
 
https://jagcnet.army.mil/JAGCNETPortals/Internet/Portals/AC/affportal.nsf
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
 
 
. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties and their respective successors and assigns, unless the new owners request and show good cause why it should not be applicable to their operations. Bankruptcy proceedings shall not prevent or stay the enforcement of this Agreement or any debarment proceedings the Army deems to be appropriate should the parties fail to comply with the terms of this Agreement, or engage in such other conduct that is a cause for suspension or debarment.
11. Survival of This Agreement
. Contractor represents that all written materials and other information supplied to the Army by its authorized representatives during the course of discussion with the Army preceding this Agreement are true and accurate in all material respects, to the best of the Contractor's information and belief, false statements are punishable under Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001.
12. Truth and Accuracy of Submissions
. Any material violation of this Agreement that is not corrected within ten days from the date of receipt of notice from the Army may constitute an independent cause for debarment. If correction is not possible within ten days, the Contractor shall present an acceptable plan for correction within that ten-day period. The Army may, at its sole discretion, initiate suspension or debarment proceedings in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.4. Alternatively, in the event of any noncompliance, the Army may in its sole discretion extend this Agreement for a period equal to the period of noncompliance. Contractor does not, by this Agreement or otherwise, waive its right to oppose such action under FAR Subpart 9.4, or any other substantive, procedural, or due process rights it may have under the Constitution or other applicable laws or regulations of the United States.
13. Violations of this Agreement
. The Contractor agrees that it will cooperate in good faith with the Army regarding any press release related to this Agreement. The Contractor will not unilaterally release any press release related to this Agreement without first obtaining Army approval, which the Army agrees to timely review and not to unreasonably withhold.
14. Press Releases
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
. This Agreement, and its attachments, constitute the entire agreement between the Army and the Contractor, and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter of this action.
15. Agreement
E. ADMINISTRATION OF AGREEMENT
. All submissions required by this Agreement shall be delivered to the following addresses, or such other addresses as the parties may designate in writing.
1. Addresses for Agreement Correspondence
If to the Army:
Procurement Fraud Branch
Contract and Fiscal Law Division
U.S. Army Legal Services Agency
ATTN: DAJA-PFB (Trevor B. A. Nelson)
9275 Gunston Road  Suite 2100
Fort Belvoir Virginia 22060-5546
If to the Contractor:
Laura K. Kennedy
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer
Science Applications International Corporation
Mail Stop T1-14-2
1710 SAIC Drive
McLean, VA 22102
. Within 120 days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Contractor will provide the Army with a certification that all terms and conditions of this Agreement have been implemented or will be satisfied within the times specified in this Agreement.
2. Certification of Compliance
3. Access to Books and Records.
a. During the term of this Agreement, the Army Procurement Fraud Branch (PFB), the Monitor or any agency or office of the Department of Defense designated by PFB for a particular inquiry, shall have the right to examine, audit, and reproduce Contractor's books, records,
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
documents, and supporting materials related to any report, allegation or complaint of suspected violation of law or regulation, whether criminal, civil, administrative, or contractual and whether reported through the hotline program, or by any other means, and any resulting inquiries or investigations related thereto. Such hotline reports, inquiries, investigations, and all related books, records, documents and supporting material are considered by Contractor to be administrative and managerial and are not investigations, books, records, documents, material, reports, or investigations protected as attorney work-product, or by the attorney-client communications privilege or any other privilege. Nothing herein shall be construed as a waiver by SAIC of the attorney-client communications privilege. SAIC acknowledges and agrees that it shall only make claims of attorney-client communications privilege in good faith, and shall also negotiate any disputes concerning such claims in good faith.
 
 
 
 
. Contractor shall provide the Army with a list of its directors and officers and a copy of its organizational chart, which will be updated, as changes occur.
4. Corporate Officer List
. Within ten days of the Effective Date of this Agreement, Contractor shall deliver a check in the amount of $25,000.00 to the Army, payable to Treasurer of the United States, in order to compensate the Army for the cost of negotiating and administering this Agreement, to include costs associated with Army visits to Contractor and any of its divisions or its subsidiaries authorized under this Agreement.
5. Administrative Costs
 
ADMINISTRATIVE AGREEMENT
Science Applications International Corporation
 
This Agreement shall expire at midnight not later than five years after the Effective Date of this Agreement.
6. Expiration.
. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the United States with regard to all matters arising under and individuals located within the United States.
7. Governing Law
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120830160937.txt.gz
TIME:20120830160937
EVENTS:	Regulation FD Disclosure	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Regulation FD Disclosure
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
   Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
Item 7.01         Regulation FD Disclosure.
On August 30, 2012, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing that its board of directors has authorized management to pursue a plan to separate the company into two independent, publicly traded companies. The company expects the separation to take place in the form of a tax-free spin-off to SAIC stockholders of 100% of the shares of a newly formed company focused on government technical services and enterprise information technology. The separation is expected to occur in the second half of fiscal year 2014, subject to final approval of the board of directors and certain customary conditions, including a favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report. A copy of investor presentation materials is furnished as Exhibit 99.2.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Item 9.01         Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
Exhibit 99.1     Press Release dated August 30, 2012 issued by SAIC, Inc.
Exhibit 99.2     Investor Presentation Materials
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
(McLean, Va.) August 30, 2012  Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) [NYSE:SAI] today announced that its Board of Directors, following a recently completed comprehensive strategic review, has authorized management to pursue a plan to separate into two independent, publicly traded companies. The proposed separation is intended to take the form of a tax-free spin-off to SAIC stockholders of 100% of the shares of a newly formed company focused on government technical services and enterprise information technology (IT).
The spin-off is expected to occur in the latter half of next fiscal year, subject to final approval of the Board of Directors. The spin-off is not expected to require a vote of the stockholders of SAIC.
"In this next step of our strategic plan we configure ourselves for the future. Our two new companies will be designed so that their businesses can be more differentiated and more competitive in their own space. More importantly, that addressable space will expand for each as we eliminate the burden of organizational conflicts of interest (OCI)," said John Jumper, chairman and chief executive officer. "This affords both companies an excellent opportunity to combine optimized cost structures, unrestricted access to their respective markets, and the leveraging of decades of SAIC's scientific and engineering excellence to unleash the growth and value we can deliver to our customers, employees and shareholders."
Based on current plans, the two separate businesses would be:
 
 
The two companies are expected to:
 
 
 
 
 
"We feel that SAIC is now well positioned to leverage its strong market position in both the solutions and services businesses, including several high growth markets, and it is time to enact the next step in our strategy," said Chief Operating Officer Stu Shea. "Competitive conditions warrant a more efficient cost structure, and increased competition requires us to operate in unconstrained environments, free of OCI and other impediments. We believe this separation will create value for our stockholders by unlocking the full growth potential of SAIC."
The two entities together are initially expected to pay a dividend that is approximately equal in sum to the current SAIC dividend.
Management is continuing to develop detailed plans on capital structure, management, governance and other significant matters. In addition, the completion of any separation transaction will be subject to certain customary conditions, including implementation of intercompany agreements, filing of required documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, receipt of an opinion from tax counsel and a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service as to the tax-free nature of such a transaction. Although SAIC expects that the separation of its businesses, if consummated, would be completed in the second half of fiscal year 2014, there can be no assurance that a separation will ultimately occur.
The Company has engaged Citigroup Global Markets as its financial advisor.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 40,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $10.6 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
http://www.saic.com/
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others: our intent to separate into two independent publicly traded companies as a result of the proposed spin-off; revenue, growth and cost-efficiency expectations for the two independent companies following the spin-off; the expectation that the spin-off will be tax-free; statements regarding the resources, potential, priorities, competitive positioning and opportunities for the independent companies following the spin-off; expectations about future dividends and the timing of the proposed transaction. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: failure to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to satisfy any of the other conditions to the proposed spin-off; adverse effects on the market price of our common stock and on our operating results because of a failure to complete the proposed spin-off; failure to realize the expected benefits of the proposed spin-off; negative effects of announcement or consummation of the proposed spin-off on the market price of the Company's common stock; significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities; general economic and business conditions that affect the companies in connection with the proposed spin-off; unanticipated expenses such as litigation or legal settlement expenses; failure to obtain a tax ruling and/or opinion of counsel as to the tax-free nature of the transaction or tax law changes; changes in capital market conditions that may affect proposed debt financing; the impact of the proposed spin-off on the Company's or the newly formed company's employees, customers and suppliers; disruption to business operations as a result of the proposed transaction; the inability to retain key personnel; and the inability of the companies to operate independently following the spin-off.
These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at http://www.saic.com/.
All information in this release is as of August 30, 2012. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the forward-looking statements provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. The Company also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 



</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20120830161215.txt.gz
TIME:20120830161215
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On August 30, 2012, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the second quarter ended July 31, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
- Revenues: $2.85 billion
- Operating Income: $191 million
- Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations: $0.32
- Cash Flows from Operations: $200 million
- Revenue Guidance Increased for Fiscal Year 2013: $10.9 billion to $11.4 billion
-Announced Planned Separation into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies
MCLEAN, Va., August 30, 2012  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013, which ended July 31, 2012. In a separate press release today, the Company announced its plan to separate SAIC into two independent, publicly traded companies.
"Our 8% internal revenue growth during the quarter highlights our strong market position, disciplined execution of our strategy, and the dedicated efforts of our employees," said John P. Jumper, chairman and chief executive officer. "In announcing today the next step of our strategic plan to separate into two publicly traded companies, we configure ourselves for the future. Our two companies will be designed so that the businesses can be more differentiated and more competitive in their own space. More importantly, that addressable space will expand for each as we eliminate the burden of organizational conflicts of interest which have restricted our overall business. This affords both companies an excellent opportunity to combine optimized cost structures, unrestricted access to their respective markets, and the leveraging of decades of SAIC's scientific and engineering excellence. This will unleash the growth and value we can deliver to our customers, employees and shareholders."
Summary Results
Revenues for the second quarter of fiscal year 2013 were $2.85 billion, up 10 percent from $2.60 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. Internal revenue growth, which represented 8 percent of the consolidated revenue growth, was driven by increased program activity in the Defense Solutions and Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions segments.
Operating income for the quarter was $191 million (6.7 percent of revenue), down from $209 million (8.1 percent of revenue) in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. The reduction in operating income was attributable to a net unfavorable change in contract
estimates compared to a net positive change in contract estimates in the prior year period; increased indirect spending, including bid and proposal costs; and $11 million of charges associated with the corporate relocation and the strategic review leading to the planned separation announced today.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $110 million, down from $112 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.32, equal to the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. The diluted share count for the quarter was 333 million, down 2 percent from 339 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Segment Operating Results
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 14 percent from the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, all of which was internal growth. This growth was attributable to increased activity on a number of programs including a systems and software development program for the U.S. Army, a program to operate and maintain the enterprise network IT infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State, a systems integration and logistics program for tactical and mine resistant ambush protected vehicles, an IT infrastructure support services program for an agency of the DoD, and the ramp up of a program with the Defense Logistics Agency to provide supply chain management of military land and aircraft tires. These increases were partially offset by reduced revenue from the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization (BCTM) contract, which was terminated during the third quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Defense Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.4 percent of revenue, down from 8.1 percent of revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. The decrease was attributable to increased bid and proposal costs and net unfavorable changes in contract estimates primarily arising from a $6 million profit write-down on the BCTM contract as a result of ongoing contract negotiations with the government.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 5 percent from the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. Internal revenues decreased 1 percent due to declines in various Federal Civilian programs and program completions with federal health
information technology customers, particularly with U.S. DoD Military Health System customers. These increases were partially offset by an increase in healthcare IT consulting services with commercial clients.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.7 percent of revenue, down from 9.1 percent of revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. The decline was primarily due to net unfavorable changes in contract estimates, driven in part by $5 million of profit write-downs on certain energy and construction projects, and a $3 million lease termination charge related to a consolidation of facilities. These decreases were partially offset by reduced research and development expense resulting from the advancement through the product development lifecycle of new non-intrusive inspection system offerings.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 8 percent, all of which was internal growth, from the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to increased activity on two airborne surveillance programs and a new intelligence gathering and analysis solution program.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.5 percent of revenue, down from 8.9 percent of revenue in the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, due to increased bid and proposal costs and research and development costs as well as lower sales of proprietary software products that have higher relative margins.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating income for the quarter declined from the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to $11 million of charges associated with the corporate relocation and the strategic review leading to the planned separation announced today.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $200 million, compared to $56 million for the second quarter of fiscal year 2012. Days sales outstanding were 63 days this quarter compared to 74 days in the prior year quarter.
During the quarter, the Company settled $550 million of long-term debt at its maturity and paid a cash dividend of $0.12 per share. The Company intends to continue paying dividends on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future dividends will be determined by the Company's Board of Directors each quarter and will depend on earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
As of July 31, 2012, the Company had $756 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.3 billion in long-term debt.
Subsequent to the end of the quarter, the Company completed the previously announced acquisition of maxIT Healthcare Holdings, Inc. (maxIT), a leading healthcare information technology consulting firm.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $2.2 billion in the second quarter of fiscal year 2013, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.8. Notable awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
The following notable award was received after the end of the quarter:
 
The Company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2013 was $16.7 billion, of which $5.5 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the second quarter of fiscal year 2012, total backlog decreased 6 percent while funded backlog increased 5 percent. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Based upon its operating and business development performance through the second quarter of the fiscal year and the August 2012 acquisition of maxIT, the Company is increasing its expectation for fiscal year 2013 revenues. Profit on the increased revenue expectations is offset by projected expenses related to execution of the planned separation announced today. Accordingly, guidance for diluted earnings per share from continuing operations and cash flows from operations remain unchanged. The revised fiscal year 2013 guidance is:
 
 
 
Fiscal year 2013 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 40,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $10.6 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects, " "intends, " "plans," "anticipates, " "believes, " "estimates, " "guidance, " and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows, as well as statements about future dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: our ability to declare future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable law and agreements of the Company; our ability to comply with certain agreements entered into in connection with the CityTime settlement; developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget
reductions, implementation of spending cuts (sequestration) or changes in budgetary priorities, or delays in the U.S. Government budget process; delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as a result of competitor protests; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, systems failures or other disruptions of our business; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts, including complex engineering or design build projects; the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; risks associated with the proposed spin-off of our technical services business, such as disruption to business operations, unanticipated expenses, significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities, the timing of the spin-off or a failure to complete the proposed spin-off or realize the expected benefits of the proposed spin-off; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of August 30, 2012. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. The Company also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
 
 
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed and excludes contract awards which have been protested by competitors. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenues to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The Company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenues for the current year period to the revenues for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenues of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenues for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenues.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the Company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three and six months ended July 31, 2012 were calculated as follows:
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20121205161626.txt.gz
TIME:20121205161626
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On December 5, 2012, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the third quarter ended October 31, 2012. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
-  Revenues: $2.87 billion
-  Operating Income: $193 million
-  Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations: $0.33
-  Cash Flows from Operations: $295 million
-  Bookings: $4.8 billion (book-to-bill ratio of 1.7)
MCLEAN, Va., December 5, 2012  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2013, which ended October 31, 2012.
"This quarter we are reporting modest year-over-year revenue growth and solid new business bookings even in the currently cautious government market. This reflects our more aggressive pursuit of new business opportunities and the strong commitment of our 40,000 employees to the highest level of customer service, even as we undertake significant changes within the Company," said John P. Jumper, chairman and chief executive officer. "Our outlook continues to be cautious as the government approaches critical fiscal decisions. Under any scenario, we expect government spending to be constrained, especially in the defense market, and we are preparing for the budget pressures. For the long term, our plan to separate SAIC into two highly competitive and differentiated companies is well underway and generating great excitement in the Company. In the near term, we are taking action to reduce our cost structure in response to an increasingly competitive environment. This reduction will impact approximately 700 employees, largely as a result of a restructuring focused on indirect costs. While these decisions are painful, they are necessary to meet competitive demands, customer cost expectations and effectiveness, and to deliver financial performance for our shareholders."
Summary Results
Revenues for the third quarter of fiscal year 2013 were $2.87 billion, up 3 percent from $2.79 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. Internal revenues were essentially flat.
Operating income for the quarter was $193 million (6.7 percent of revenue). Operating loss for the prior year quarter of $20 million included a $232 million loss provision relating to the CityTime workforce management contract with the City of New York. The prior year quarter's operating income excluding the CityTime loss provision was $212 million (7.5 percent of revenue). The reduction in operating income, as adjusted, was primarily attributable to $15 million of expenses incurred in connection with the planned separation transaction and the corporate relocation.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $112 million, up from a $92 million loss in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.33, up from a loss of $0.28 in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. The diluted share count for the quarter was 334 million, up 2 percent from 329 million in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Segment Operating Results
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter were $1.183 billion. Excluding the $52 million revenue reduction associated with the prior year CityTime loss provision, Defense Solutions revenue increased $14 million or 1 percent from the third quarter of fiscal 2012. Internal revenue growth was attributable to increased activity on the Vanguard program to operate and maintain the enterprise network IT infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State and the ramp up of a program with the Defense Logistics Agency to provide supply chain management of military land and aircraft tires. These increases were partially offset by reduced revenue from the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization (BCTM) program, which was terminated during the third quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Defense Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.7 percent of revenue compared to 8.5 percent of revenue excluding the CityTime loss provision (-11.9 percent on a GAAP basis) in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. The reduction in Defense Solutions operating income, as adjusted, was attributable to a prior year gain on the sale of assets.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter increased 2 percent from the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. Internal revenues decreased 4 percent due to declines in various federal civilian programs and program completions with federal health information technology customers. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in healthcare IT consulting services with commercial clients.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 9.3 percent of revenue, down from 10.6 percent of revenue in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012. The decline was primarily due to net unfavorable changes in contract estimates, increased bid and proposal costs, increased amortization expense associated with acquired intangible assets, and reduced volume of non-intrusive inspection systems. These decreases were partially offset by reduced research and development expense, which reflected the advancement through the product development lifecycle of new non-intrusive inspection system offerings.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter were down slightly from the third quarter of fiscal year 2012 as increased activity on a geospatial intelligence program and an airborne surveillance program were offset by higher prior year material deliveries on a processing, exploitation and dissemination program.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.2 percent of revenue, up from 5.7 percent of revenue in the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to a $19 million impairment of intangible assets in the prior year partially offset by reduced fee rates due to increased subcontractor and material costs.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating loss for the quarter increased from the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to $15 million of expenses incurred in connection with the planned separation transaction and the corporate relocation.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for the quarter was $295 million, down from $421 million for the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to a payroll funding timing difference. Days sales outstanding were 61 days this quarter compared to 71 days in the prior year quarter as a result of accelerated payments from the government.
During the quarter, the Company paid a cash dividend of $0.12 per share. The Company intends to continue paying dividends on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future dividends will be determined by the Company's Board of Directors each quarter and will depend on earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
As of October 31, 2012, the Company had $531 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.3 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $4.8 billion in the third quarter of fiscal year 2013, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.7. Notable awards received during the quarter include:
The Company was awarded a task order to provide enterprise information technology services to the USCENTCOM Directorate of Command and Control, Communications and Computers. The cost-plus award-fee task order has a one-year base period of performance, four one-year options, and a total contract value of $433 million, if all options are exercised.
U.S. Central Command's (USCENTCOM) Directorate of Command and Control, Communications and Computers.
The Company was awarded a prime contract to provide information technology design, implementation and operational sustainment support services to the U.S. Department of the Army G2 Army Military Intelligence Enterprise. The single-award task order has a one-year base period of performance, two one-year options, one six-month option, and a total contract value of approximately $149 million, if all options are exercised. The task order was awarded under the Solutions for the Information Technology Enterprise contract vehicle.
U.S Army Military Intelligence Enterprise.
The Company was awarded a prime contract to provide training delivery services in support of the Center for Domestic Preparedness. The single-award cost-plus award-fee and fixed price contract has a one-year base period of performance, four one-year options, and a total contract value of approximately $52 million, if all options are exercised.
Federal Emergency Management Agency Center for Domestic Preparedness
.
Recently the Company highlighted its continued progress in the healthcare IT sector, noting that in the Company's third quarter of fiscal year 2013 it won contracts totaling approximately $242 million. New contracts and work orders range from implementing electronic health record products and systems for commercial healthcare providers, to a number of new federal programs in health information technology, life sciences, and behavioral health services. This includes over $100 million in contracts from its newly acquired healthcare IT consulting businesses maxIT Healthcare and Vitalize Consulting Solutions.
Healthcare IT Awards.
The Company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2013 was $18.6 billion, of which $5.7 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the third quarter of fiscal year 2012, total backlog was flat while funded backlog decreased 8 percent. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Subsequent Events
Subsequent to the end of the quarter, the Company completed the previously announced sale of its operational test and evaluation services business. The Company also entered into an issue resolution agreement with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to the tax deductible portion of the March 2012 CityTime settlement payment, which will give rise to a $96 million reduction in income tax expense during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013. Additionally, the Company implemented a cost-reduction plan which will result in the elimination of approximately 700 positions and an estimated severance charge of approximately $15 million during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013, which will benefit the Company's cost structure at the beginning of the next fiscal year.
Forward Guidance
Based upon its operating and business development performance through the third quarter of the fiscal year and the subsequent events discussed above, the Company is increasing its expectation for fiscal year 2013 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations and cash flows from continuing operations. The Company expects its fiscal year 2013 revenues to be consistent with the forward guidance provided on August 30, 2012. The revised fiscal year 2013 guidance is:
 
 
 
Fiscal year 2013 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 40,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $10.6 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2012. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows, as well as statements about future dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: our ability to declare future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable law and agreements of the Company; our ability to comply with certain agreements entered into in connection with the CityTime settlement; developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, implementation of spending cuts (including sequestration) or changes in budgetary priorities, or delays in the U.S. Government budget process; delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as a result of competitor protests; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, systems failures or other disruptions of our business; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts, including complex engineering or design build projects; the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; risks associated with the proposed spin-off of our technical services business, such as disruption to business operations, unanticipated expenses, significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities, the timing of the spin-off or a failure to complete the proposed spin-off or realize the expected benefits of the proposed spin-off; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of December 5, 2012. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. The Company also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
 
 
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed and excludes contract awards which have been protested by competitors. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenues to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The Company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenues for the current year period to the revenues for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenues of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenues for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenues.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for executives and the broader employee population is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the Company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three and nine months ended October 31, 2012 were calculated as follows:
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to operating income, operating margin, income from continuing operations and diluted earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from operating income, operating margin, income from continuing operations and diluted EPS from continuing operations, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to revenue, operating income and operating margin of the Defense Solutions segment excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from Defense Solutions revenues, operating income and operating margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20130326161427.txt.gz
TIME:20130326161427
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On March 26, 2013, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ended January 31, 2013. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
Fourth Quarter Results
 
 
 
 
 
MCLEAN, Va., March 26, 2013  SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2013, which ended January 31, 2013.
"During the fourth quarter, our revenue and operating income both declined from adjusted prior year levels," said John P. Jumper, chairman and chief executive officer. "Nevertheless, we made a number of significant investments towards the future separation of the company, and had a few unexpected items that adversely impacted our results. Our focus is on the long term. We are committed to improving our operating performance by sustaining focus on our customers and aggressively aligning our cost base. We remain on schedule for our planned separation later in the year and look to aggressively position both future companies for cost competitiveness by streamlining indirect management and support functions, reducing our real estate footprint, and driving other efficiencies."
"As announced today, our Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend and, in addition, a special dividend," added Jumper. "We consider this a demonstration of our continuing confidence in the strength of our financial base, our plan of balanced capital deployment, and our commitment to deliver shareholder value."
Summary Results
Revenues for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 were $2.71 billion, compared to $2.47 billion in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. Full fiscal year revenues were $11.17 billion, compared to $10.50 billion for fiscal year 2012. The fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2012 revenues reflected $358 million and $410 million, respectively, in revenue reductions from the CityTime loss provision. After removing the effect of these reductions, revenues declined $118 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year quarter's adjusted revenues of $2.83 billion, but increased $266 million for the full fiscal year.
Operating income for the quarter was $145 million (5.3 percent of revenues). Operating loss for the prior year quarter of $114 million included the $308 million CityTime loss provision. The prior year quarter's operating income excluding the CityTime loss provision was $194 million (6.9 percent of revenues). The reduction in operating income, as adjusted, was primarily attributable to $23 million of expenses incurred in connection with the planned separation transaction and $14 million of loss provisions relating to certain legal matters. Full fiscal year operating income of $734 million (6.6 percent of revenues) was also adversely impacted by separation costs.
Income from continuing operations for the quarter was $186 million. Full fiscal year income from continuing operations was $523 million.
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter were $0.54. The diluted share count for the quarter was 335 million, up from 329 million in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the fiscal year were $1.54.
Segment Operating Results
 
Defense Solutions
Defense Solutions revenues for the quarter were $1.12 billion. Excluding the prior year CityTime loss provision, revenues decreased $89 million, or 7 percent, from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. This decrease was attributable to reduced activity on a number of programs, including a systems integration and logistics program for tactical and mine resistant ambush protected vehicles, an infrastructure support service program for the Defense Information Systems Agency and a tactical vehicle integration program for the U.S. Army. These decreases were partially offset by increased revenues on a number of programs, including a program with the Defense Logistics Agency to provide supply chain management of military land and aircraft tires and a program to operate and maintain the enterprise network IT infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State.
Defense Solutions revenues for the fiscal year were $4.72 billion. Excluding the prior year CityTime loss provision, revenues increased by $117 million, or 3 percent, from fiscal year 2012. This growth was attributable to increased activity on a number of programs, including the ramp up of a program to operate and maintain the enterprise network IT infrastructure for the U.S. Department of State, the ramp up of a program with the Defense Logistics Agency to provide supply chain management of military land and aircraft tires, and a systems and software development program for the U.S. Army. These increases were partially offset by reduced revenues from various programs, including the U.S. Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization program, which was terminated during fiscal year 2012, a program to provide systems engineering and management support for the U.S. Navy and a systems integration and logistics program for tactical and mine resistant ambush protected vehicles.
Defense Solutions operating income for the quarter was 6.1 percent of revenues as compared to 7.6 percent of revenues excluding the CityTime loss provision (-25.4 percent on a GAAP basis) in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. The decrease in Defense Solutions operating income, as adjusted, was attributable to the ramp down of certain customer contracts having relatively higher profit levels and net unfavorable changes in contract estimates compared to a net favorable change in the prior year.
Defense Solutions operating income for the fiscal year was 7.5 percent of revenues as compared to 8.0 percent of revenues excluding the CityTime loss provision (-4.1 percent on a GAAP basis) in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. The decrease in Defense Solutions operating income, as adjusted, was attributable to a reduction in favorable changes in contract estimates and a prior year gain on the sale of assets.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the quarter decreased 4 percent from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012. Internal revenues decreased 10 percent due to declines in various federal civilian programs and reduced design-build volume related to energy plant construction projects. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in healthcare IT consulting services with commercial clients.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions revenues for the fiscal year increased 2 percent from fiscal year 2012 primarily due to revenues acquired in connection with the acquisitions of maxIT Healthcare Holdings, Inc. and Vitalize Consulting Solutions, Inc. Internal revenues decreased 4 percent reflecting declines in various federal civilian programs and program completions with federal health information technology customers, particularly with U.S. Department of Defense military health system customers. These decreases were partially offset by increases in healthcare IT consulting services with commercial clients and increased design-build volume related to energy plant construction projects.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the quarter was 7.6 percent of revenues, down from 8.0 percent of revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012 primarily due to increased intangible asset amortization expense and increased severance expense from cost reduction efforts.
Health, Energy and Civil Solutions operating income for the fiscal year was 8.0 percent of revenues, down from 9.0 percent of revenues in fiscal year 2012. The decline was due to a net unfavorable change in contract estimates primarily related to certain energy and construction projects compared to a net favorable change in the prior year, increased intangible asset amortization expense, increased severance expense, and a lease termination charge related to the consolidation of facilities. This decline was partially offset by a prior year loss provision related to a data privacy litigation matter and a reduction in research and development expense resulting from the advancement through the product lifecycle of new non-intrusive inspection system offerings.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the quarter were relatively flat as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions revenues for the fiscal year increased 3 percent, from fiscal year 2012. This increase was primarily due to increased activity on a number of programs including two airborne surveillance programs, a geospatial intelligence program, a new intelligence systems integration program for the U.S. Army, and a new intelligence analysis solutions program. These increases were partially offset by reduced activity on a processing, exploitation and dissemination program for the U.S. Army, a decline in sales of proprietary products, and an intelligence analysis contract that concluded in the current year.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the quarter was 6.9 percent of revenues, down from 7.2 percent of revenues in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to intangible asset impairment charges recorded during the current year quarter.
Intelligence and Cybersecurity Solutions operating income for the fiscal year was 7.2 percent of revenues, down from 7.8 percent of revenues in fiscal year 2012 primarily as a result of a relative increase in the proportion of materials and subcontractor related revenues, which generally have lower profit margins than labor-related revenues, due to increased activity as a prime contractor on large system integration programs. Fiscal year 2013 operating income was also negatively impacted by reduced sales of higher-margin proprietary products, partially offset by lower intangible asset impairment charges, decreased intangible asset amortization expense and an increase in net favorable changes in contract estimates.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating loss during the quarter increased from the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2012, primarily due to expenses incurred in connection with the planned separation transaction and loss provisions relating to certain legal matters.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow provided by operations for fiscal year 2013 was $345 million, down from $762 million in fiscal year 2012, primarily due to the payment of the $500 million CityTime settlement.
During the quarter, the Company paid a cash dividend of $0.12 per share. The Company intends to continue paying dividends on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future dividend will be determined by the Company's Board of Directors each quarter and will depend on earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors.
As of January 31, 2013, the Company had $736 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.3 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $2.0 billion in the fourth quarter and $11.1 billion for the fiscal year, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.7 and 1.0 for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, respectively. Notable awards received during the quarter include:
The Company was awarded a prime contract to provide life-cycle command, control, communications, computers, combat systems, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance support services. The multiple-award indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contract has a one-year period of performance, four one-year options, and a total contract ceiling of $899.56 million available to all awardees, if all options are exercised.
U.S. Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Atlantic.
. The Company was awarded a prime contract to provide services and materials for the operational support of the USCG Integrated Health Information System. The single-award task order has a one-year base period of performance, one twelve-month option, one nine-month option, and a total contract value of approximately $17 million, if all options are exercised.
U.S. Coast Guard (USCG)
The Company was awarded a prime contract by the U.S. General Services Administration to provide enterprise information technology support to USCENTCOM's Directorate of Command, Control, Communications and Computers. The cost-plus award-fee task order has a one-year base period of performance, four one-year options, and a total contract value of $433 million, if all options are exercised.
U.S. Central Command (USCENTCOM).
The Company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the fiscal year 2013 was $17.9 billion, of which $5.4 billion was funded, consistent with the end of fiscal year 2012. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Cash Dividends
The Company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.12 per share payable on April 30, 2013 to stockholders of record on April 15, 2013. The Company's Board of Directors also declared a special cash dividend of $1.00 per share payable on June 28, 2013 to stockholders of record on June 14, 2013.
Forward Guidance
The Company's outlook for fiscal year 2014, which began on February 1, 2013, is as follows:
 
 
 
This guidance is based on SAIC, Inc. operating for the full fiscal year as one company, yet includes substantial costs to prepare for the previously announced separation transaction. If the separation occurs during fiscal year 2014 as is currently contemplated, it is expected that guidance policies will be provided for each of the two separate companies at the time of the separation. Fiscal year 2014 guidance is based upon the recently approved U.S. Government fiscal year 2013 defense budget and an assumed flat spending level thereafter consistent with the Budget Control Act of 2011. In addition, fiscal year 2014 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items, other than identified costs related to the planned separation.
About SAIC
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 40,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $11.2 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2013. For more information, visit . SAIC: From Science to Solutions
www.saic.com
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows, as well as statements about future dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, implementation of spending cuts (sequestration) or changes in budgetary priorities; delays in the U.S. Government budget process or approval to raise the U.S. debt ceiling; delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts and delays or loss of contracts as
a result of competitor protests; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other contracts; our ability to comply with certain agreements entered into in connection with the CityTime matter; cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, systems failures or other disruptions of our business; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts, including complex engineering or design build projects; the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to declare future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable laws and agreements of the Company; risks associated with the proposed spin-off of our technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services business, such as disruption to business operations, unanticipated expenses, significant transaction costs and/or unknown liabilities, the timing of the spin-off or a failure to complete the proposed spin-off or realize the expected benefits of the proposed spin-off; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at .
www.saic.com
All information in this release is as of March 26, 2013. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. The Company also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
CONTACTS:
Investor Relations:
Paul Levi
703-676-2283
Paul.E.Levi@saic.com
Media Relations:
Melissa Koskovich
(703)676-6762
koskovichm@saic.com
 
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed and excludes contract awards which have been protested by competitors. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenue to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The Company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the Company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for senior management is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the Company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three months and year ended January 31, 2013 were calculated as follows:
 
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to revenues, operating income (loss), and operating margin excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from revenues, operating income (loss), and operating margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to revenues, operating income (loss) and operating margin of the Defense Solutions segment excluding the CityTime loss provision, which are non-GAAP financial measures. The Company calculates these measures by excluding the CityTime loss provision from Defense Solutions revenues, operating income (loss), and operating margin, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
The Company uses these non-GAAP financial measures to provide investors with visibility to how its business performed excluding the CityTime loss provision. The limitation of these non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is that the Company has recorded the CityTime loss provision which is not reflected in these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company addresses this limitation by presenting this reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. These financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP financial measures and should be read only in connection with the Company's consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20130423165324.txt.gz
TIME:20130423165324
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On April 19, 2013, SAIC, Inc., as borrower, and Science Applications International Corporation, as guarantor, entered into Amendment No. 1 (the "Amendment") to the Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement, dated March 11, 2011 (the "Agreement"), with Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and the other lending institutions named in the Agreement.
The Amendment (i) permits in the calculation of EBITDA the adding back of certain expenses incurred in connection with the company's anticipated spin-off of its technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services business and to make certain other changes thereto, (ii) excludes the effect of debt incurred by the credit parties or any of their subsidiaries in connection with the spinoff transaction for purposes of calculating Consolidated Funded Debt, and (iii) changes the ratio of Consolidated Funded Debt to EBITDA that the company is required to maintain. In addition, the term of the Agreement was extended for one additional year to March 11, 2017. As of the date of this report, no borrowings were outstanding under the Agreement.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

EXHIBIT 10.1
AMENDMENT (this "") dated as of April 19, 2013 to the Amended and Restated Four Year Credit Agreement dated as of March 11, 2011 (the "") among SAIC, INC. (the ""), SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION, as guarantor (the ""), the LENDERS party thereto (the "") and CITIBANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent (the "").
Amendment
Credit Agreement
Borrower
Guarantor
Lenders
Agent
WHEREAS, the Borrower intends to form a new subsidiary ("") that is focused on government technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services and then spin-off of such new subsidiary (the ""); and
Spinco
Spinoff Transaction
WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Credit Agreement to (i) modify the definition of "EBITDA" to permit the adding back of certain expenses incurred in connection with the Spinoff Transaction and to make certain other changes thereto and (ii) exclude the effect of debt incurred by Spinco in connection with the Spinoff Transaction for purposes of calculating Consolidated Funded Debt;
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
SECTION 1Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein that is defined in the Credit Agreement has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. Each reference to "hereof", "hereunder", "herein" and "hereby" and each other similar reference and each reference to "this Agreement" and each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after this Amendment becomes effective, refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby.
. Defined Terms; References.
SECTION 2 The definition of "Consolidated Funded Debt" in Section 1.01 of the Credit agreement is amended to read as follows:
. Definition of Consolidated Funded Debt.
"" means, for any period, for the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, an amount equal to all Indebtedness of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the last day of such period, that (a) obligations of the type described in clause (e) of the definition of "Indebtedness" shall be excluded to the extent that such obligations do not exceed $50,000,000 and (b) Indebtedness incurred by the Credit Parties or any of their Subsidiaries in connection with the Spinoff Transaction shall be excluded until the earliest of (x) consummation of the Spinoff Transaction, (y) the date that is six months after the date that the Borrower makes a public announcement that the Spinoff Transaction will not be consummated or (z) January 31, 2015.
Consolidated Funded Debt
provided
 
SECTION 3. Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended to include the following definition in appropriate alphabetical order:
. Definition of Spinoff Transaction
"" means any transaction or series of related transactions for the purpose of or resulting, directly or indirectly, in (a) the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Person, or of any business or division of a Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary), (b) the acquisition of in excess of 50% of the capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests or equity of any Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary), or otherwise causing any Person to become a Subsidiary, or (c) a merger or consolidation or any other combination with another Person (other than a Person that is a Subsidiary).
Acquisition
"" means SAIC Gemini, Inc.
Spinco
"" means (a) the contribution to Spinco of the assets, liabilities and equity interests of the technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services business of the Borrower and the Guarantor, (b) the distribution of the equity interests of Spinco to the equityholders of the Borrower, and (c) the other transactions ancillary to the foregoing as set forth in the material agreements (along with schedules and exhibits relating thereto), as amended from time to time, entered into in connection with clauses (a) and (b) of this definition.
Spinoff Transaction
The definition of "EBITDA" in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by: (a) replacing the reference to "and minus (h)" therein with the following
SECTION 4. Definition of EBITDA.
:
"plus (h) one-time costs and expenses related to the Spinoff Transaction and real estate optimization expenses not to exceed $160,000,000 in the aggregate, and minus (i)"; and
 
, that if there has occurred an Acquisition during the relevant period, EBITDA shall be calculated, at the option of the Company on a pro forma basis in accordance with the SEC pro forma reporting rules under the Exchange Act, as if such Acquisition occurred on the first day of the applicable period.
provided, however
SECTION 5 Section 7.06 of the Credit Agreement is amended by replacing the reference to "3.00 to 1.00" with a reference to "3.25 to 1.00".
. Financial Covenant.
SECTION 6. The Borrower represents and warrants that (i) the representations and warranties of the Borrower set forth in Article V of the Credit Agreement will be true on and as of the Amendment Effective Date and (ii) no Default will have occurred and be continuing on such date.
Representations of Borrower.
 
SECTION 7This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
. Governing Law.
SECTION 8This Amendment may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.
. Counterparts.
SECTION 9This Amendment shall become effective on the date when the following conditions are met (the ""):
. Effectiveness.
Amendment Effective Date
(a) the Agent shall have received from each of the Borrower and the Requisite Lenders a counterpart hereof signed by such party or facsimile or other written confirmation (in form satisfactory to the Agent) that such party has signed a counterpart hereof;
(b) the Agent shall have received an amendment fee for the account of each Lender in an amount equal to 0.05% of such Lender's Commitment.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20130503202801.txt.gz
TIME:20130503202801
EVENTS:	Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
On May 3, 2013, Campus Point Realty Corporation ("CPRC"), a wholly owned subsidiary of Science Applications International Corporation ("SAIC"), entered into a purchase and sale agreement (the "Agreement") with MRP-I Acquisition A, L.L.C. ("Buyer") relating to transactions which include, among other things, the sale and leaseback of SAIC's corporate headquarters located in McLean, Virginia.
Under the terms set forth in the Agreement, CPRC has agreed to sell to Buyer in a series of transactions to be completed over a period of several years approximately 18 acres of land in Fairfax County, Virginia (the "County"), including four office buildings (containing approximately 900,000 square feet), a multi-level parking garage, surface parking lots, and other related improvements and structures (collectively, the "Property"), as well as tangible personal property related to the Property and third-party leases.
Currently, SAIC utilizes a portion of the Property as its corporate headquarters. Under the Agreement, SAIC is required to lease back from the Buyer approximately 600,000 rentable square feet of space in three of the office buildings (commonly referred to by SAIC as "Towers 1, 2 and 3" or the "Towers"), which include SAIC's corporate headquarters. The lease term for Towers 1 and 2 is approximately one year, and the lease term for Tower 3 is seven years.
CPRC has submitted to the County a rezoning application and conceptual development plan seeking approval for rezoning certain portions of the Property into various parcels in order to permit development of a mixed use project containing residential, hotel, office and retail spaces. Under the Agreement, the Buyer has assumed responsibility for seeking all required governmental approvals for the development of the Property.
The purchase price for the initial transaction, which includes the sale of the portion of the Property containing the Towers, and the land on which those buildings are located, related easements, and the leases back to SAIC, is $85 million, less certain costs and adjustments. The closing of the sale of the Towers is expected to occur in June 2013. The purchase price for the other parcels will be determined based on the final development plan and type of use approved by the County for each such parcel, less certain costs and adjustments. The final development plan may be changed by the Buyer so long as any such change does not materially impact the price for any impacted parcel. Management currently estimates the aggregate purchase price for the other parcels to be in the range of $120 million to $140 million, which range is based on several important assumptions, including that the Buyer does not make any changes to the final development plan and it is approved as submitted, all other closing conditions and deliveries are met and all of the parcels are sold. Management currently estimates that the sale of the other parcels will be completed in several closings over the next six years. The book value of all of the Property (including the Towers) is approximately $85 million.
Prior to May 22, 2013, Buyer may terminate the Agreement for any reason upon written notice to CPRC. The Agreement contains standard representations and warranties for transactions of this type, and the closing of each parcel is subject to customary closing conditions and deliveries. The closing of each parcel other than the parcel containing the Towers is also subject to Buyer's obtaining approval of the development plan and related subdivision approvals by the County for such parcel. If the approvals for any parcel are not obtained by Buyer within eight years after the closing of the Towers, either Buyer or CPRC may terminate this Agreement as to such parcel.
The foregoing description of the Agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and incorporated herein by this reference.
 
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this report contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this report include statements regarding the expected closing dates of the transactions under the Agreement and management's estimate of the purchase price from future sales of parcels contemplated by the Agreement. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual performance and results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, including any failure to obtain required approvals, including approvals of the rezoning application, development plan and subdivisions, receipt of any approvals on terms different from those submitted, actions that may be taken by Buyer under the Agreement, any failure to meet any closing conditions and deliveries set forth in the Agreement and other risks set forth in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended January 31, 2013 and other filings that the company makes with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company expressly disclaims any duty to update the forward-looking statement provided in this report to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in expectations.
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 10.1
E S
XHIBITS
AND
CHEDULES
E
XHIBITS
 
S
CHEDULES
 
This PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT (this "") is made and entered into as of May 3, 2013 (the ""), by and between , a California corporation (""), and , a Delaware limited liability company ("").
Agreement
Effective Date
C P R C
AMPUS
OINT
EALTY
ORPORATION
Seller
MRP-I Acquisition A, L.L.C.
Purchaser
On the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, Seller hereby agrees to sell to Purchaser and Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from Seller all of the following described property (collectively, the ""):
Property
. Seller's fee simple interest in and to all of those certain tracts of land situated in Fairfax County (the ""), Virginia, and described more particularly in attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference, together with all rights and appurtenances pertaining to such tracts of land, including, without limitation, all of Seller's right, title and interest, if any, in and to (i) all minerals, oil, gas, and other hydrocarbon substances thereon, (ii) all adjacent strips or gores, streets, roads, alleys and rights-of-way, public or private, open or proposed, (iii) all development rights currently or at any time in the future (whether before or after each applicable Closing (as defined below)) allocated or allocable to such land, (iv) covenants, easements, privileges, and hereditaments belonging or appurtenant to such land, whether or not of record, and (v) all access, air, water, riparian, development, utility, and solar rights now or hereafter allocated or allocable to such land (collectively, the "").
1.1 Land
County
Exhibit A
Land
. Four (4) free standing office buildings located on the Land, known as (i) , consisting of approximately 305,000 square feet of improvements (the ""); (ii) 1710 SAIC Drive, consisting of approximately 296,993 rentable square feet of improvements (""); (iii) 1707 SAIC Drive, consisting of approximately 181,252 rentable square feet of improvements (""); and (iv) 1709 SAIC Drive, consisting of approximately 128,341 rentable square feet of improvements (""), and all other improvements and structures currently located on the Land (the 8301 Greensboro Building, Tower 1, Tower 2, Tower 3 and the other improvements and structures currently located on the Land being referred to collectively herein as the "").
1.2 Improvements
8301 Greensboro Drive
8301 Greensboro Building
Tower 1
Tower 3
Tower 2
Improvements
. All of Seller's right, title and interest in and to all tangible personal property owned by Seller and used exclusively in connection with the ownership, operation and maintenance of the Land and any Improvements located thereon included with any Block (as hereinafter defined) or any Development Site (as hereinafter defined), as applicable (collectively, the ""), including, without limitation, mechanical systems, fixtures, machinery and equipment, maintenance equipment and tools, if any, and pylons and other signs situated on or at the Land or Improvements, if any.
1.3 Personal Property
Personal Property
. Seller's right, title and interest in all leases with tenants or other persons or entities leasing all or any portion of the Improvements, if any (collectively, the ""), a current list of which is attached hereto as .
1.4 Leases
Leases
Schedule 1.4
 
. Seller's right, title and interest in all security deposits held by Seller in connection with the Leases and not applied pursuant to the terms thereof, if any, a current list of which is attached hereto as .
1.5 Security Deposits
Schedule 1.5
. Seller's right, title and interest in any and all guaranties of the Leases, if any.
1.6 Guaranties
. Seller's right, title and interest in all permits, licenses, certificates of occupancy, development rights, entitlements and governmental approvals which relate to the Land, Improvements, Personal Property, or Leases, to the extent assignable (collectively, the "").
1.7 Permits
Permits
. Seller's right, title and interest, if any, in and to the name "Solutions Plaza".
1.8 Intangibles
. Seller and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that they will not be seeking approval of the rezoning application and conceptual development plan for the Land which was submitted to the County on October 1, 2010 and resubmitted to the County on July 17, 2012 (the ""). Instead, Seller submitted to the County a new rezoning application (the ""), including a conceptual development plan (including any amendments thereto to the extent permitted under the terms of this Agreement, "" or "") for the Land and a proposed set of proffers (""). The New Rezoning Application, including the Proposed Proffers and the CDP, and any and all amendments thereto, shall hereinafter be referred to as the "". The Rezoning seeks the County's approval for rezoning the Land so as to permit development of a mixed use project thereon containing residential, hotel, office and ancillary retail components. Subject to the terms set forth below in this Agreement, Seller and Purchaser contemplate that the Land, exclusive of the portion of the Land upon which Tower 1, Tower 2 and Tower 3 are located (such portion of the Land being hereinafter referred to as ""), will be divided into four (4) blocks (Block F and each such block being individually referred to herein as a "" and, collectively, as the ""), with, in some instances, a Block (exclusive of Block F) being further divided into separate development sites (each, a "" and, collectively, the ""), and developed as follows:
2.1 Rezoning Application and Conceptual Development Plan
Old Rezoning Application
New Rezoning Application
Conceptual Development Plan
CDP
Proposed Proffers
Rezoning
Block F
Block
Blocks
Development Site
Development Sites
 
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Seller and Purchaser each acknowledge that the density numbers set forth on the table above are for illustration purposes only and are reflective of the CDP submitted as part of the New Rezoning Application, and that such numbers may change from time to time with respect to the density for each Block and Development Site as well as the allocations of RFAR and Commercial FAR in any given Block and Development Site and the permitted commercial uses and allocations of Commercial FAR for such permitted use (i.e., the Commercial FAR, if any, allocated for hotel, office and retail within any given Block or Development Site) through subsequent amendments of the CDP or final development plans for a particular Block or Development Site. Purchaser shall have sole authority to seek approval from the County of and implement any changes to such density or use subject to and in accordance with below.
Section 2.3
.
2.2 Intentionally Omitted
. As quickly as possible, Purchaser will prepare and deliver to Seller for its approval a schedule (the "") for obtaining the following approvals required for the development of each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, to the extent not previously obtained (collectively, the ""): (i) approval of the Rezoning and associated proffers (the ""); (ii) approval of subdivision plats and recordation of a deed of subdivision, either through the formal subdivision process or through a lot line adjustment (the
2.3 Development Approvals
Development Approvals Schedule
Development Approvals
Rezoning Approval
 
""); and (iii) approval of final development plan(s) for the applicable Block or Development Site within a Block (each a ""). Seller agrees not to unreasonably delay, condition or deny its approval in connection with its review of such Development Approvals Schedule, and Purchaser and Seller agree to use good faith and diligent efforts to complete and agree upon such schedule as quickly as possible but in no event later than the end of the Study Period. Once such Development Approvals Schedule has been mutually agreed upon in writing by Purchaser and Seller, the Development Approvals Schedule will be attached hereto as .
Subdivision Approvals
Final Development Plan Approval
Schedule 2.3
From and after the Effective Date, Purchaser shall have sole authority for seeking and/or submitting the Development Approvals and any amendments or modifications thereof as provided in more detail below in this . Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the Development Approvals for each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, as quickly as possible from and after the Effective Date and otherwise in accordance with the Development Approvals Schedule; provided, however, that Purchaser shall have sole authority to seek the amendment of the Conceptual Development Plan, any final development plan and any subdivision plat for any Block or Development Site as permitted under the terms of this Agreement before Development Approvals have been obtained for such plans or plats or at any time thereafter, and in connection therewith Purchaser shall have the right to amend the Development Approvals Schedule to reflect and take into account such changes. In seeking the Development Approvals, Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain approval to construct on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, at least the aggregate amount of RFAR and Commercial FAR, as applicable, for each Block and each Development Site within a Block or portion thereof, as applicable, shown on the table in hereof (subject to any modifications thereof permitted under the terms of this Agreement); and, further provided that where a Block or a Development Site within a Block, as applicable, is to be developed for residential use, Purchaser shall use good faith efforts to obtain approval to construct the maximum economically feasible number of residential units on such Block or such Development Site as determined by Purchaser in its sole but good faith discretion; provided, however that such units shall not exceed a maximum average unit size of 1,000 gross square feet. Except as set forth in below, Purchaser shall be solely responsible for all costs and expenses incurred by Purchaser in seeking the Development Approvals. Seller shall, at no material out-of-pocket cost or expense to Seller from and after the Effective Date, cooperate with and assist Purchaser with its efforts to obtain the Development Approvals. During the term of this Agreement, Purchaser shall keep Seller apprised of its progress in obtaining such Development Approvals and shall provide Seller with copies of its submissions to the County. Seller may make suggestions to Purchaser regarding the manner in which Purchaser elects to pursue the Development Approvals for each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable; provided however, that except as set forth below in this , Seller shall not have any control or decision-making rights in connection therewith and Purchaser shall not be required to follow Seller's suggestions. Without limiting the generality of the authority afforded to Purchaser in connection with obtaining the Development Approvals, but for the purpose of clarification, Seller agrees that Purchaser and Purchaser's Representatives shall have the sole right to meet with officials and staff from the County and other applicable governmental authorities at any time regarding the Development Approvals; provided, however, that Purchaser or Purchaser's Representatives shall use commercially reasonable efforts to give Seller at least two (2) Business Day's prior notice of any meetings with public bodies (as defined in Section
Section 2.3
Section 2.1
Section 2.5
Section 2.3
 
2.2-3701 of the Virginia Code) relating to Purchaser's efforts to obtain the Development Approvals so as to permit Seller's representatives the opportunity to attend such meetings (it being agreed that Seller shall not send more than two (2) representatives to such meetings).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the paragraph above in this , in seeking the Development Approvals for each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, Purchaser shall have the right, without the consent of Seller, to: (i) seek the amendment or modification of the Development Approvals to increase, lower and/or reallocate the density of each Block and each Development Site within a Block; (ii) seek changes in the uses between residential, office, hotel and retail and the allocation of RFAR and Commercial FAR designated for a Block or a Development Site within a Block (including, the conversion of Commercial FAR to RFAR and vice versa with respect to any Block or Development Site within a Block); (iii) seek changes in the amount and location of parking and the location of parks and common areas within each Block or each Development Site within a Block; (iv) seek to modify the number of residential, office or hotel buildings and/or the type of residential buildings (e.g., changes from mid-rise to town house or general multifamily apartments) within any given Block or Development Site; and (v) implement any change to the CDP or any final development plan for any Block or Development Site within a Block requested by the County or other governmental authority (each such action in the immediately preceding clauses (i) through (v) being hereinafter referred to as a ""); provided, however, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser may not, without the prior consent of Seller (which consent Seller may grant or deny in its reasonable discretion), seek any Development Approval Modification if such Development Approval Modification would (a) result in a material reduction in the aggregate combined amount of Commercial FAR and RFAR to be developed on the Land in accordance with the table set forth in above, (b) result in a material delay in obtaining the Development Approvals for any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, provided that "material delay" shall only include a material delay in the Development Approvals Schedule for which the Purchaser is directly responsible, and shall not include any delay that is caused by Fairfax County Staff, or any County or Commonwealth agency, board or commission in the ordinary course of their review and approval of the Rezoning, (c) result in the transfer of any RFAR and/or any Commercial FAR from any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for which a Closing has not occurred hereunder to any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for which a Closing has previously occurred hereunder without payment by Purchaser to Seller of the purchase price for such transferred RFAR and/or Commercial FAR in accordance with Article 3 below, (d) except to the extent required by the County or set forth in the SAIC Declaration (as defined below), result in the shifting of any proffer obligations from any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for which a Closing has previously occurred hereunder to any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for which a Closing has not occurred hereunder, or (e) except to the extent required by the County or set forth in the SAIC Declaration, result in the addition of any new proffer obligations on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for which a Closing has not occurred hereunder, which obligations would have a material adverse and disproportionate effect on such Block or Development Site. In the event Purchaser seeks Seller's consent, but Seller fails to respond in writing approving or denying with specificity within ten (10) days after Seller's receipt of Purchaser's request for approval, Seller shall be deemed to have approved such request.
Section 2.3
Development Approval Modification
Section 2.1
 
Notwithstanding anything to contrary contained in this Agreement, if, at any time after the end of the Study Period during the course of seeking the Development Approvals for any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, either (i) the Dittmar Company ("") or any other third party files an appeal of the approval of the Rezoning or any subsequent modifications thereto made in accordance with this Article 2 and such appeal is not finally resolved in a manner reasonably acceptable to Purchaser within one (1) year from the date of such the filing, (ii) the County requires a material change in the Proposed Proffers, or (iii) Purchaser reasonably determines that the County will not issue such Development Approvals in a form sufficient to allow Purchaser to develop such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in a manner that is in material compliance with the Conceptual Development Plan agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser prior to the end of the Study Period (subject to subsequent modifications thereof permitted under the terms of this Agreement), Purchaser may, as its sole and exclusive remedy in each such case, terminate this Agreement as to all Blocks and all Development Sites within any Blocks for which a Closing has not previously occurred hereunder by sending written notice thereof to Seller. Upon Seller's receipt of such termination notice from Purchaser, this Agreement shall terminate as to all Blocks and all Development Sites within any Blocks for which a Closing has not previously occurred hereunder, the Deposit (as hereinafter defined) (or, to the extent any portion of the Deposit has previously been delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of below, any remaining portion of the Deposit) shall be returned to Purchaser, and neither party hereto shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder except for those matters which expressly survive termination of this Agreement.
Dittmar
Section 3.2.4
. Seller acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser may continue to utilize the services of those consultants identified on or any other consultant selected by Purchaser (each, a ""). Seller consents to, and waives any conflict of interest related to, Purchaser's retention of Walsh, Colucci, Lubeley, Emrich & Walsh, PC to represent Purchaser with respect to land use and entitlements matters related to the Property and to Purchaser's use of prior work product prepared by such law firm on Seller's behalf in connection with the Development Approvals. A Development Team Member may be terminated or otherwise replaced by Purchaser and new consultants may be added as Development Team Members by Purchaser in Purchaser's sole and absolute discretion. In the event of the appointment of a new Development Team Member, Purchaser shall provide Seller with prompt written notice thereof and shall identify in such notice the new Development Team Member. Seller agrees that Purchaser shall have the right to use any and all plans and materials previously prepared by the Development Team Members in connection with the Old Rezoning Application and the New Rezoning Application.
2.4 Development Team Members
Schedule 2.4
Development Team Member
All costs and expenses payable by Purchaser to non-affiliated third parties (including, without limitation, each of the Development Team Members) in connection with Purchaser's efforts to obtain, with respect to each of Blocks A, B, C and E and each of the Development Sites within such Blocks, approval of the Rezoning, the Final Development Plan Approval and the Subdivision Approvals for such Block or such Development Site within such Block, as applicable, at any time on or prior to the Closing (including, without limitation, in connection with costs and expenses relating to work performed prior to the Effective Date) of any such Block or any Development Site within any such Block, as applicable, are, hereinafter,
2.5 Seller Reimbursement of Third Party Development Approvals Costs.
 
collectively referred to as "". As the Third Party Development Approvals Costs are incurred, such Third Party Development Approvals Costs that benefit all or substantially all of Blocks A, B, C and E shall be aggregated and allocated among Blocks A, B, C and E and the Development Sites within such Blocks which have not yet been sold to Purchaser under this Agreement on a per square foot basis based upon the actual amount of RFAR and/or Commercial FAR approved (or then expected to be approved) for such Block or such Development Sites within a Block, as applicable (the ""), and such Third Party Development Approvals Costs that benefit only a particular Block or Development Site within Block A, B, C or E shall be allocated solely to such Block or Development Sites within such Block (the ""). At the first Closing of any of Blocks A, B, C and E or any Development Site within any such Block, as applicable, occurring under this Agreement (such portion of the Property being purchased at such Closing being hereinafter referred to as the ""), Seller shall provide Purchaser with a credit against the purchase price otherwise payable by Purchaser for the First Development Closing Property in an amount (the "") equal to the sum of (i) the greater of (x) the amount of all Common TPD Approval Costs incurred by Purchaser up to such Closing that have been allocated to the First Development Closing Property, or (y) the lesser of (1) one-half of the total amount of all Common TPD Approval Costs incurred by Purchaser up to such Closing, without regard to how they have been allocated to any particular Block or Development Parcel within a Block, or (2) $250,000, and (ii) all Site Specific TPD Approval Costs for the First Development Closing Property. At each Closing of any of Blocks A, B, C and E or any Development Site within any such Block, as applicable, occurring under this Agreement after the Closing on the First Development Closing Property (such portion of the Property being purchased at such Closing being hereinafter referred to as the ""), Seller shall provide Purchaser with a credit against the purchase price otherwise payable by Purchaser for such Applicable Subsequent Development Closing Property in an amount (the "") equal to the sum of (i) the amount of all Common TPD Approval Costs incurred by Purchaser up to such Closing that have been allocated to the Applicable Subsequent Development Closing Property and (ii) all Site Specific TPD Approval Costs for the Applicable Subsequent Development Closing Property; , the Applicable Subsequent Closing TPD Approvals Costs Credit for such Closing, when added to the First Closing TPD Approvals Costs Credit and all Applicable Subsequent Closing TPD Approvals Costs Credits previously credited pursuant to this Section 2.5 against a purchase price paid by Purchaser at a Closing, shall not in any event exceed the remainder of (A) the product of $2.50 times the total square footage of RFAR and/or Commercial FAR approved (or then expected to be approved) for all of Blocks A, B, C and E, less (B) $2,000,000.
Third Party Development Approvals Costs
Common TPD Approval Costs
Site Specific TPD Approval Costs
First Development Closing Property
First Closing TPD Approvals Costs Credit
Applicable Subsequent Development Closing Property
Applicable Subsequent Closing TPD Approvals Costs Credit
provided, however
. Following each Closing hereunder with respect to a Block or a Development Site within a Block, as applicable, Purchaser shall be solely responsible for all costs associated with the development of such Block or such Development Site within such Block in accordance with the applicable Development Approvals and the SAIC Declaration, including, without limitation, the cost of constructing any required infrastructure and the cost of complying with any proffers imposed by the County in connection with the development of such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, subject to the reimbursement rights to be set forth in the SAIC Declaration.
2.6 Other Costs
 
. The purchase price payable by Purchaser to Seller for each Block or each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall be determined in accordance with the terms of this based on the type of uses permitted on such Block or Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and shall be the aggregate of the purchase price for each such use within such Block or Development Site within a Block as set forth below. The purchase price for each Block or each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall be paid by Purchaser to Seller in cash at the Closing for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, subject to adjustment as set forth in this Agreement. The purchase price for each Block or each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds at the Closing for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable. Notwithstanding the fact that this sets forth the purchase price for each Block and, where applicable, the purchase price for each Development Site within a Block, Seller and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that it is their intent that Purchaser shall be required to purchase all of the Property in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
3.1 Purchase Price
Section 3.1
Section 3.1
3.1.1 . The purchase price for any Development Site or portion thereof which is comprised of RFAR, to the extent applicable, including all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith, shall include an amount equal to the sum of $45,250.00, times the number of residential dwelling units shown on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or the entire Block in which such Development Site is located (or, if Closing occurs prior to Purchaser having received the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or Block in which such Development Site is located, $45,250.00, times the number of residential dwelling units proposed for construction on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Conceptual Development Plan). In seeking the Final Development Plan Approval for a Block or a Development Site which will contain RFAR, Purchaser covenants and agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts to seek approval for the construction of residential dwelling units shall have a maximum average size of 1,000 gross square feet per unit.
Residential
3.1.2 . The purchase price for any Development Site or portion thereof which is comprised of Commercial FAR designated for retail use, to the extent applicable, including all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith, shall include an amount equal to $28.00 per square foot for each square foot of Commercial FAR of retail space shown on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or the entire Block in which such Development Site is located (or, if Closing occurs prior to Purchaser having received the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or Block in which such Development Site is located, $28.00 per square foot for each square foot of Commercial FAR proposed for construction of retail space on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Conceptual Development Plan).
Retail
3.1.3 . The purchase price for any Development Site or portion thereof which is comprised of Commercial FAR designated for hotel use, to the extent applicable, including all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise
Hotel
 
associated therewith, shall include an amount equal to $28.00 per square foot for each square foot of Commercial FAR of a hotel shown on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or the entire Block in which such Development Site is located (or, if Closing occurs prior to Purchaser having received the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or Block in which such Development Site is located, $28.00 per square foot for each square foot of Commercial FAR proposed for construction of a hotel on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Conceptual Development Plan).
3.1.4 . The purchase price for any Development Site or portion thereof which is comprised of Commercial FAR designated for office use, to the extent applicable, including all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith, shall include (i) if located on Block A, Block B or Block C, an amount equal to $40.00 per square foot, or (ii) if located on Block E, an amount equal to $39.50 per square foot, for each square foot of Commercial FAR of office space shown on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or the entire Block in which such Development Site is located (or, if Closing on such Development Site occurs prior to Purchaser having received the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or Block in which such Development Site is located, $40.00 per square foot if located on Block A, Block B or Block C, or $39.50 per square foot if located on Block E, for each square foot of Commercial FAR proposed for construction of office space on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Conceptual Development Plan). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) with respect to the first Closing only of a Development Site in which such Development Site or portion thereof is comprised of Commercial FAR designated for office use, or if Purchaser closes on one or more Development Sites in which each such Development Site or portion thereof is comprised of Commercial FAR designated for office use within twelve (12) months after the First Residential Development Site Closing (as defined below), the purchase price for such Development Site or portion thereof which is comprised of Commercial FAR designated for office use, including all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith, shall instead be (x) if located on Block A, Block B or Block C, an amount equal to $28.00 per square foot, or (y) if located on Block E, an amount equal to $27.50 per square foot, for each square foot of Commercial FAR approved for construction of office space on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or the entire Block in which such Development Site is located (or, if Closing on such Development Site occurs prior to Purchaser having received Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site or Block in which such Development Site is located, $28.00 per square foot if located on Block A, Block B or Block C, or $27.50 per square foot if located on Block E, for each square foot of Commercial FAR proposed for construction of office space on such Development Site or portion thereof per the Conceptual Development Plan); (b) if Purchaser closes on any such Development Site excluding the Closing on any Development Site covered in the immediately preceding clause (a) during the period commencing on the first day of the thirteenth (13
Office
th
) month after the First Residential Development Site Closing and ending on the last day of the sixtieth (60
th
) month after the First Residential Development Site Closing (the ""), the purchase price for each square foot of Commercial FAR approved for construction of office space on such Development Site per the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site (or, if applicable, for each square foot of Commercial FAR proposed for construction of office space on
Discount Period
 
such Development Site per the Conceptual Development Plan) shall be discounted for each month (or portion thereof) in advance of the expiration of the Discount Period that the Closing on such Development Site actually takes place as shown on attached hereto and made a part hereof under the column labeled "First E Price" for Development Sites "E1" and "E2" and under the column labeled "C Pricing" for Development Sites "C1" and "C2"; and (c) if Purchaser simultaneously closes on Development Sites "E1" and "E2" at any time during the period commencing on the first day of the thirteenth (13
Schedule 3.1.4
th
) month after the First Residential Development Site Closing and ending on the last day of the forty-eighth (48
th
) month after the First Residential Development Site Closing (the ""), the purchase price for each square foot of Commercial FAR approved for construction of office space on Development Site "E1" per the Final Development Plan Approval for Development Site "E1" (or, if applicable, for each square foot of Commercial FAR proposed for construction of office space on Development Site "E1" per the Conceptual Development Plan) shall be discounted for each month (or portion thereof) in advance of the expiration of the Simultaneous Discount Period that the simultaneous Closing on Development Sites "E1" and "E2" actually takes place as shown on attached hereto and made a part hereof under the column labeled "Second E Simultaneous Discount".
Simultaneous Discount Period
Schedule 3.1.4
3.1.5 . In addition to the foregoing, if Purchaser (or any affiliate of Purchaser) elects, during the four (4) year period after the Closing on a Block or a Development Site within a Block containing RFAR, as applicable, to either (a) resell all or any portion of the undeveloped RFAR for such Block or Development Site within a Block or portion thereof (as applicable, the "") to a third party that will develop all or a portion of the residential dwelling units to be constructed on the Undeveloped RFAR Portion per the Final Development Plan Approval applicable to such Undeveloped RFAR Portion that was obtained by Purchaser prior to Closing of such Block or Development Site within such Block (or, if the Final Development Plan Approval was not obtained for such Block or Development Site at such Closing, then the residential dwelling units to be constructed on such Undeveloped RFAR Portion per the Conceptual Development Plan) or (b) contribute the Undeveloped RFAR Portion to a partnership, limited liability company or any other entity in which Purchaser or any affiliate of Purchaser has an interest and one or more unrelated third parties has greater than a twenty-five percent (25%) interest in the aggregate (each an "") that will develop the residential dwelling units to be constructed on the Undeveloped RFAR Portion per the Final Development Plan Approval applicable to such Undeveloped RFAR Portion that was obtained by Purchaser prior to Closing of such Block or Development Site within such Block (or, if the Final Development Plan Approval was not yet obtained for such Block or Development Site at such Closing, then the residential dwelling units to be constructed on the Undeveloped RFAR Portion per the Conceptual Development Plan), then Purchaser shall (or shall cause its affiliate to), to the extent (x) the purchase price as and when received in cash by Purchaser (or its affiliate) from such third party for the Undeveloped RFAR Portion exceeds $52,500.00 per undeveloped residential dwelling unit to be constructed by such third party on such Undeveloped RFAR Portion per the Final Development Plan Approval applicable to such Undeveloped RFAR Portion that was obtained by Purchaser prior to Closing of such Block or Development Site within such Block (or, if applicable, per the Conceptual Development Plan) (the "") or (y) the unsubordinated initial capital contribution value received by Purchaser (or its affiliate) from such Affiliated Residential Developer for the contribution of the Undeveloped RFAR Portion exceeds the Sale Price
Resale of RFAR
Undeveloped RFAR Portion
Affiliated Residential Developer
Sale Price Threshold
 
Threshold, pay to Seller one-half (1/2) of such excess, after first deducting from such excess: (i) any actual, documented brokerage fees payable to unaffiliated third party brokers and closing costs incurred by Purchaser (or its affiliate) in connection with such transaction; (ii) the actual carrying costs, including, without limitation, real estate taxes and insurance costs, incurred by Purchaser (or its affiliate) with respect to such Block or Development Site; and (iii) if such transaction closes more than one (1) year after the date of the Closing on the Block or Development Site containing such Undeveloped RFAR Portion (the ""), an amount equal to interest that would have accrued on Seller's purchase price and actual carrying costs for such Block or Development Site within a Block using a twenty percent (20%) per annum interest rate, compounded semi-annually for the period from and after the One Year Anniversary of such Block or Development Site within a Block through the date of the closing of such transaction. Such amount shall be payable by Purchaser (or its affiliate) to Seller within five (5) Business Days following Purchaser's or its affiliate's closing of the sale described above in clause (x) of this Section or the closing of the joint venture transaction described above in clause (y) of this Section. The provisions of this shall survive any Closing on a Block or Development Site containing RFAR. In no event shall the purchase price paid to Purchaser (or its affiliate) for any developed or completed units on any Block or Development Site within a Block or the value received by Purchaser (or its affiliate) from any Affiliated Residential Developer for the contribution of any developed or completed units on any Block or Development Site within a Block be shared with Seller or be included in determining the purchase price or value received by Purchaser (or its affiliate) for any undeveloped residential units on such Block or Development Site within a Block.
One Year Anniversary
Section 3.1.5
3.1.6 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in hereof, the purchase price for Block F, the Block F Parking Easement (as hereinafter defined), the Block E Easement (as hereinafter defined), the New SAIC Leases (as hereinafter defined) and all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located on Block F or otherwise associated therewith shall be $85,000,000.00.
Block F
Sections 3.1.2 and 3.1.4
3.2 Deposit
3.2.1 Within three (3) Business Days after the Effective Date of this Agreement, Purchaser shall deposit with Terra Nova Title & Settlement Services (the ""), as agent for First American Title Insurance Company (the ""), the sum of Five Million and 00/100 Dollars ($5,000,000.00) as a non-refundable deposit (except as otherwise provided herein) to assure Purchaser's performance hereunder (the ""). At Purchaser's election, the Initial Deposit shall be made either by Purchaser's wire transfer of immediately available funds to the Escrow Agent in the amount of the Initial Deposit or by Purchaser's delivery to the Escrow Agent of an irrevocable letter of credit in favor of Seller in the amount of the Initial Deposit, which letter of credit must be in a form reasonably acceptable to Seller and must be issued by a bank reasonably acceptable to Seller. In the event Purchaser elects to make the Initial Deposit by delivering to the Escrow Agent an irrevocable letter of credit in favor of Seller, Seller hereby acknowledges and agrees that Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation is an acceptable issuer of such letter of credit. Prior to making the Initial Deposit, Seller, Purchaser and the Escrow Agent shall enter into an escrow agreement substantially in the form of attached hereto (the "").
Escrow Agent
Title Company
Initial Deposit
Exhibit B
Escrow Agreement
 
3.2.2 If Purchaser does not terminate this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Study Period (as defined below), then, within three (3) Business Days after the expiration of the Study Period, Purchaser shall deposit with the Escrow Agent the additional sum of Two Million Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($2,500,000.00) (the "" and, together with the Initial Deposit, the ""). The Additional Deposit shall be made by Purchaser in the same manner the Initial Deposit was made; however, in the event the Initial Deposit was made in the form of an irrevocable letter of credit in favor of Seller, Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a substitute irrevocable letter of credit in favor of Seller or an amendment to the initial letter of credit in an amount equal to the sum of the Initial Deposit and the Additional Deposit, which substitute letter of credit or amendment to letter of credit shall satisfy the requirements set forth in above. If a substitute letter of credit is provided, the original letter of credit, as amended, shall be released to Purchaser by Escrow Agent promptly following its receipt of such substitute letter of credit.
Additional Deposit
Deposit
Section 3.2.1
3.2.3 If the Deposit is made by Purchaser in the form of cash by one or more wire transfers of immediately available funds, the Escrow Agent shall place the Deposit in an interest-bearing escrow account at a federally-insured commercial bank, and any and all interest earned thereon shall be added to and become part of the Deposit.
3.2.4 At the Closing of each Development Site (provided the Closing on Block F has previously occurred), to the extent the Deposit was made in cash, Escrow Agent shall, in accordance with attached hereto and made a part hereof (the "") deliver a portion of the Deposit to Seller and such portion of the Deposit shall be credited against the purchase price for such Development Site at the Closing thereof. To the extent the Deposit was made in the form of a letter credit, at the Closing of each Development Site (provided the Closing on Block F has previously occurred), the letter of credit may be amended or replaced to reduce the amount thereof by the applicable portion of the Deposit required to be delivered by Escrow Agent to Seller and credited against the purchase price for such Development Site at the Closing thereof in accordance with the Deposit Release Schedule. At the Closing on the last Development Site, to the extent the Deposit was made in cash, Escrow Agent shall deliver any remaining portion of the Deposit not previously delivered by Escrow Agent to Seller at the Closing of prior Development Sites in accordance with the Deposit Release Schedule and all accrued interest on the Deposit to Seller and such amount shall be credited against the purchase price for such Development Site. To the extent the Deposit was made in the form of a letter of credit, Escrow Agent shall return the letter of credit to Purchaser at the Closing on the last Development Site. In all other instances, the Deposit shall be delivered to Seller or returned to Purchaser by Escrow Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Escrow Agreement.
Schedule 3.2.4
Deposit Release Schedule
. Title to the Property shall be fully insurable at standard rates, merchantable, and good of record and in fact. Title to each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, to be conveyed by Seller to Purchaser hereunder at each applicable Closing shall be conveyed by Seller to Purchaser at each such Closing by Special Warranty Deed. Each Special Warranty Deed shall convey fee simple title to the Land and, to the extent applicable, the Improvements relating to the applicable Block or Development
4.1 State of Title to be Conveyed
 
Site within a Block, free from all liens, encumbrances and encroachments, except (i) those matters disclosed by the Title Commitment (as defined below) and any subsequent updates thereto to the extent approved or deemed approved by Purchaser in accordance with the terms of below; (ii) the lien of real estate taxes, water, sewer, trash, utility, vault and other public charges not yet due and payable; (iii) matters shown on the Survey (as defined below) and any subsequent updates thereto to the extent approved or deemed approved by Purchaser in accordance with the terms of below; (iv) all laws, regulations and ordinances, including, without limitation, all environmental laws, building codes and ordinances, and all governmental approvals, including, without limitation, the Development Approvals (but with respect to such Development Approvals, only to the extent approved or deemed approved by Purchaser), applicable to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable; and (v) if applicable, the Leases that exist as of the Effective Date with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and such Leases and Licenses that are entered into, modified or renewed after the Effective Date not in violation of this Agreement, but excluding those Leases and Licenses that have expired or have been duly terminated (collectively, the ""). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else to the contrary in this , Seller shall be unconditionally obligated to remove, at or prior to Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, the following (collectively, ""): (i) all mortgages, deeds of trust or any other monetary or voluntary liens encumbering such Block or such Development Site within a Block, except for the lien of real property taxes not yet due and payable and (ii) any other encumbrances affecting title or recorded instruments or agreements which would be binding on Purchaser which are not a Permitted Exception and were either caused by Seller's actions or omissions from and after the Effective Date or were otherwise consented to by Seller from and after the Effective Date in violation of this Agreement.
Section 4.2
Section 4.2
Permitted Exceptions
Article 4
Mandatory Cure Items
. During the Study Period, Purchaser shall, at Purchaser's sole cost and expense, obtain a current title commitment for the entire Property from the Title Company (the "") and a current survey of the entire Property from a surveyor licensed in the Commonwealth of Virginia (the ""), and Purchaser shall provide full and complete copies of the same to Seller. Prior to the expiration of the Study Period, Purchaser shall notify Seller, in writing, of any title exceptions or other matters identified in the Title Commitment or the Survey as to which Purchaser reasonably objects, including, without limitation, those title matters that would cause title to the Property or any portion thereof to be uninsurable or would render title to the Property or any portion thereof unmarketable or constitute a monetary lien or judgment on the Property or any portion thereof, or that would materially and adversely affect the use, development, operation or financability of the Property or any portion thereof for the intended uses set forth in above (so long as such matter is not one of the Permitted Exceptions) (collectively, the ""). Following the expiration of the Study Period (assuming this Agreement is not terminated by Purchaser during the Study Period), Purchaser shall have the right, from time to time, to obtain updates to the Title Commitment and/or Survey (full and complete copies of which Purchaser shall provide to Seller within five Business Days of Purchaser's receipt of the same) and to provide Seller with written notice of any new Title Objections based solely on any new title exceptions or other new matters identified as a result of such updates (collectively, the ""); provided, however, that Purchaser hereby acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser may not, after the expiration of the Study Period, raise as new Title Objections: any specific title exceptions
4.2 Title Commitment and Survey
Title Commitment
Survey
Section 2.1
Initial Title Objections
Additional Title Objections
 
previously identified in the Title Commitment or any prior updates thereto obtained by Purchaser hereunder; any specific survey matters previously identified on the Survey or any prior updates thereto obtained by Purchaser hereunder; any conveyance of title to any portion of the Property to the County or any other governmental entity as a result of any dedications required to be made by Seller after the expiration of the Study Period in order to comply with the Development Approvals, but only to the extent previously approved by Purchaser in writing; or any easements, rights-of-way, restrictions or other conditions created or imposed upon the Property or any portion thereof pursuant to the Development Approvals, but only to the extent previously approved by Purchaser in writing. In the event Purchaser shall notify Seller of any Initial Title Objections or any Additional Title Objections, Seller shall have the right, but not the obligation (except for Mandatory Cure Items), to cure such objection(s) in its sole and absolute discretion. Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of any notice of objection(s) from Purchaser, Seller shall notify Purchaser in writing whether Seller elects to attempt to cure such objection(s) prior to the Closing on the Block or Development Site within a Block to which such objection(s) relates, as applicable. Failure of Seller to give such notice within said five (5) Business Day period shall be deemed an election by Seller not to cure such objection(s). If Seller elects or is deemed to have elected not to cure any objection(s) specified in any notice from Purchaser pursuant to this , Purchaser shall have either of the following options, to be exercised by written notice to Seller within five (5) Business Days after Seller elects or is deemed to have elected not to cure any objection(s) (WITH TIME BEING STRICTLY OF THE ESSENCE THERETO IN EACH INSTANCE): (i) to waive any such objection(s) and proceed to Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, in which case such objection(s) shall be deemed to be a Permitted Exception(s) hereunder, or (ii) to terminate this Agreement by sending written notice thereof to Seller, and upon delivery of such notice of termination, this Agreement shall terminate and the Deposit (or, to the extent any portion of the Deposit has previously been delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of above, any remaining portion of the Deposit) shall be returned to Purchaser, and thereafter neither party hereto shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder except for those matters which expressly survive termination of this Agreement. If Purchaser fails timely to make such election, Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected option (i). In addition, if Seller fails at Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, to cure any objection(s) that Seller has elected to cure or satisfy with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, then such failure shall constitute a default and Purchaser shall be entitled to exercise its applicable remedies under Article 12 below; provided, however, that Purchaser may, alternatively, accept a conveyance of such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, subject to the Permitted Exceptions, specifically including such objection(s) (which such objection(s) shall thereafter be deemed to be a Permitted Exception(s) hereunder), without reduction of the purchase price for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Section 4.2
Section 3.2.4
. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Seller shall be deemed to have removed or corrected each Initial Title Objection and, if applicable, each Additional Title Objection if Seller, at Seller's sole cost and expense, (a) takes such actions as are necessary to eliminate (of record or otherwise, as appropriate) such Initial Title Objection or such Additional Title Objection, as applicable, and (b) causes the Title Company to remove such Initial Title Objection or such Additional Title Objection, as applicable, as an exception to title in the title policy for the applicable Block or the applicable
4.3 Removal of Title Objections
 
Development Site within a Block, as applicable. Purchaser shall have no right to direct the Title Company to apply any portion of the purchase price payable hereunder for any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, to cure any Initial Title Objection or any Additional Title Objection, as applicable, with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, without Seller's prior written approval.
. Seller has delivered to Purchaser (or, if not yet delivered and in the possession of Seller, any of the Seller Knowledge Individuals (as defined below) or any of the Other Seller Knowledge Parties (as defined below), then Seller shall deliver to Purchaser within three (3) Business Days after the Effective Date), the materials described on attached hereto (collectively, the ""). The Property Information shall include, but shall not be limited to, (i) copies of all Leases, non-cash security deposits and guaranties of Leases, including all amendments and modifications thereto, executed or in effect as of the Effective Date, and (ii) copies of all Permits relating to the Property that have been applied for or are in effect as the Effective Date. Seller represents to Purchaser that, to the best of Seller's knowledge, all of the copies delivered to Purchaser pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence are true, correct and complete. Purchaser shall keep such Property Information confidential, subject to Purchaser's right to disseminate Property Information to or among the parties listed in of this Agreement, and subject to the restrictions set forth in . Purchaser agrees that Seller has not made any representations or warranties regarding the Property Information (except as expressly set forth herein) and Purchaser further agrees that, subject to and without limiting or diminishing in any way the effect of Seller's representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, it shall verify and establish the accuracy and completeness of all Property Information to Purchaser's own satisfaction.
5.1 Property Information
Schedule 5.1
Property Information
Section 16.16.2
Section 16.16
6.1 Purchaser's Due Diligence
6.1.1 Subject to the provisions of this Section, Purchaser and its agents, employees, consultants, inspectors, appraisers, engineers and contractors (collectively "") shall have the right, through the date of the Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, from time to time, upon the advance notice required pursuant to this , to enter upon and pass through the portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block during normal business hours to examine and inspect the same. Notwithstanding any such inspection, or anything to the contrary herein contained, Purchaser's obligations hereunder shall not be limited or otherwise affected as a result of any fact, circumstance or other matter of any kind discovered following the date hereof in connection with any such inspection, access or otherwise, it being agreed that Seller is permitting Purchaser such right of inspection and access as a courtesy to Purchaser in its preparation for taking title to each Block and each Development Site within a Block at the Closing thereon.
Purchaser's Representatives
Section 6.1
 
6.1.2 In conducting any inspection of the Property or any portion thereof included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block or otherwise accessing the Property or any portion thereof included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, Purchaser shall at all times comply with all laws and regulations of all applicable governmental authorities, and neither Purchaser nor any of Purchaser's Representatives shall (i) materially interfere with the business of Seller (or any of its tenants or invitees) conducted at the Property or any portion thereof or materially disturb the use or occupancy of any occupant of the Property or any portion thereof or (ii) damage the Property or any portion thereof. In conducting the foregoing inspection or otherwise accessing the Property or any portion thereof, Purchaser and Purchaser's Representatives shall at all times comply with, and shall be subject to, the rights of the tenants under the Leases (and any persons claiming by, under or through such tenants). Seller may from time to time establish reasonable rules of conduct for Purchaser and Purchaser's Representatives in furtherance of the foregoing, it being understood and agreed that such rules will include, without limitation, that (x) Purchaser shall schedule and coordinate all inspections, including, without limitation, any environmental tests, and other access with Seller and shall give Seller prior notice thereof at least one (1) Business Day before any such inspection, test and other access is proposed to occur (which notice shall include the date and time of such intended access), and (y) Seller shall have the right to cause an agent or representative of the Seller to accompany the Purchaser during such access. All inspection fees, appraisal fees, engineering fees and other costs and expenses of any kind incurred by Purchaser or Purchaser's Representatives relating to such inspection and its other access shall be at the sole expense of Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, prior to any entry onto the Property or any portion thereof by Purchaser or Purchaser's Representatives pursuant to this and continuing until the first to occur of the Closing on the last Block or last Development Site within a Block to be acquired by Purchaser hereunder or the termination of this Agreement, Purchaser shall, at its sole cost and expense, maintain with a reputable company or companies qualified to do business in Virginia and having a rating of at least "A:VIII" by Best's Rating Guide a policy of commercial general liability insurance on an "occurrence" basis covering the activities of Purchaser and the Purchaser Representatives on the Property or any portion thereof, in an amount of not less than $5,000,000 per occurrence, and $5,000,000 in the aggregate and naming Seller as an additional insured. The provisions of this shall survive the Closing on each Block and on each Development Site within a Block or any termination of this Agreement.
Section 6.1
Section 6.1.2
6.1.3 Purchaser shall have from March 8, 2013 through 5:00 p.m. (Washington, DC local time) on May 22, 2013 (the ""), within which to determine whether all matters related to the Property are satisfactory to Purchaser in its sole discretion. If Purchaser, in its sole discretion, determines that Purchaser does not desire to proceed with the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, then Purchaser shall deliver to Seller, prior to the expiration of the Study Period, written notice that Purchaser does not desire to proceed with the transactions contemplated under this Agreement and in such case this Agreement shall automatically terminate, except for those matters which are indicated herein as surviving termination, and the Deposit shall be immediately and unconditionally returned to Purchaser. If Purchaser fails to timely notify Seller prior to expiration of the Study Period (with time of the essence) that Purchaser does not desire to proceed with the transactions contemplated under this Agreement as aforesaid, then Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its right to terminate this Agreement under this Section (unless the Study Period is extended by mutual agreement of
Study Period
 
Seller and Purchaser); provided, however, that the Study Period shall be automatically extended until Purchaser and Seller have agreed (using good faith and diligent efforts) upon the following in writing: (i) the New Rezoning Application, including the CDP and (ii) the Development Approvals Schedule.
6.1.4 If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to above, Purchaser will promptly deliver to Seller (or, at Seller's option, destroy) the Property Information identified on attached hereto and any other information, materials, studies and tests delivered by Seller to Purchaser regarding the Property and any copies thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall not be obligated to destroy or return anything that is already in the public domain or available to Purchaser from any other source (other than by reason of a breach of confidentiality obligations, including without limitation a breach by Purchaser of its confidentiality obligations under hereof) and any information that Purchaser, because of legal or regulatory requirements, is required to retain; in that latter event, Purchaser shall advise Seller in writing of which of the materials Purchaser is required to retain. The provisions of this shall survive the termination of this Agreement pursuant to above.
Section 6.1.3
Schedule 5.1
Section 16.16
Section 6.1.4
Section 6.1.3
6.1.5 Following the expiration of the Study Period (assuming this Agreement is not terminated by Purchaser during the Study Period), unless otherwise expressly stated elsewhere in this Agreement, Purchaser shall have no right to terminate this Agreement.
6.1.6 Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, Seller shall have no right to terminate this Agreement.
6.2 As Is, Where Is
6.2.1 Except as provided in the express representations and warranties of Seller set forth in and of this Agreement and in each Special Warranty Deed, each FIRPTA and any other document or instrument to be delivered by Seller at the Closing on each Block and on each Development Site within a Block (collectively, the ""), Seller does not, by the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and Seller shall not, by the execution and delivery of any document or instrument executed and delivered in connection with the Closing on each Block and on each Development Site within a Block, make any implied representation or warranty of any kind or nature whatsoever, with respect to the Property and/or any portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block, and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed.
Sections 5.1, 7.1
13
Express Representations
6.2.2 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, other than the Express Representations, Seller makes, and shall make, no express or implied warranty as to matters of zoning, acreage, tax consequences, physical or environmental condition (including, without limitation, laws, rules, regulations, orders and requirements pertaining to the use, handling, generation, treatment, storage or disposal of any toxic or hazardous waste or toxic, hazardous or regulated substance), valuation, governmental approvals, governmental regulations or any other matter or thing relating to or affecting the Property and/or any portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block (collectively, the "").
Disclaimed Matters
 
6.2.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, but subject to the Express Representations and Seller's obligations set forth in and hereof, and subject to hereof, the Property and each portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block, including without limitation the roofs, all structural components, all heating, ventilating, air conditioning, mechanical, plumbing, and electrical systems, fire and life safety and all other parts of any buildings constituting a portion thereof, shall be conveyed to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall accept same, in their "AS IS" "WHERE IS" condition on the date of Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, "WITH ALL FAULTS" and "SUBJECT TO ALL DEFECTS." Purchaser acknowledges that Seller's willingness to sell the Property to Purchaser at the Purchase Price has been induced, in part, by the agreement of Purchaser to purchase the Improvements and the Personal Property in such "AS IS" condition. Purchaser hereby acknowledges, represents and warrants that it is not in a disparate bargaining position with respect to Seller in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby, that Purchaser freely and fairly agreed to the waivers and conditions of this as part of the negotiations of this Agreement, and Purchaser has been represented by adequate legal counsel in connection herewith and has conferred with such legal counsel concerning the waivers and other conditions of this .
Article 4
Section 8.1
Article 11
Section 6.2
Section 6.2
6.2.4 Without in any way limiting any provision of this , Purchaser specifically acknowledges and agrees that, except with respect to the Express Representations and the obligations of Seller set forth in and hereof, and subject to and hereof, Purchaser hereby waives, releases and discharges any claim it has, might have had or may have against Seller and Seller's subsidiaries, partners and affiliated companies and each of their employees, officers, directors, shareholders, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, with respect to (a) the Disclaimed Matters, (b) the condition of the Property and any portion thereof included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block as of the date of Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, (c) the past, present or future condition or compliance of the Property and any portion thereof included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block with regard to any environmental protection, pollution control or land use laws, rules, regulations, orders or requirements, including, without limitation, CERCLA (as hereinafter defined), or (d) any other state of facts that exists with respect to the Property and any portion thereof included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block.
Section 6.2
Article 4
Section 8.1
Article 11
Sections 12.1 and 12.2
. As quickly as possible, Seller will prepare and deliver to Purchaser for its review and approval the form of new leases between Purchaser and Science Applications International Corporation ("") for Tower 1, Tower 2 and Tower 3, each of which is located on Block F (collectively, the ""), which reflect the economic terms proposed by Purchaser in a separate written agreement between Purchaser and Seller. The form of the New SAIC Leases shall be agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser during the Study Period, and, following each of Seller and Purchaser providing written confirmation to the other that the form of the New SAIC Leases is acceptable, no further changes may be made to the New SAIC Leases without the mutual written consent of Seller and Purchaser. The negotiated and agreed upon forms of the New SAIC Leases shall be executed by SAIC, as tenant, and Purchaser, as landlord, at or prior to the Closing on Block F.
6.3 New SAIC Leases
SAIC
New SAIC Leases
 
. Seller represents to Purchaser as of the Effective Date and as of the date of each Closing hereunder, as follows:
7.1 Seller's Representations and Warranties
7.1.1 . Seller is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.
Organization
7.1.2 . Seller is the owner of the fee simple interest in the Property, and subject to the terms of Section 16.21 hereof, Seller possesses all requisite power and authority, has taken all actions required by its organizational documents and applicable law, and has obtained all necessary consents, to execute and deliver this Agreement. Seller will by the Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, have taken all actions required by its organizational documents and applicable law to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with respect to such Block and such Development Site within a Block, as applicable. Seller has not sold, transferred, conveyed, assigned or pledged, nor committed or obligated itself in any manner whatsoever to sell, transfer, convey, assign or pledge, any of its rights, titles or interests to the Property, any portion thereof or any interest therein, to any party other than Purchaser. Seller has the right to transfer all of its rights to the Property to Purchaser without any consents or approvals that have not been obtained.
Authority/Consent
7.1.3 . Except as may be disclosed on attached hereto Seller has not received written notice of, and, to Seller's knowledge, there is no, material action, suit or other proceeding (including, but not limited to, any condemnation action or real estate tax appeal) pending or threatened in writing that concerns or involves the Property or any portion thereof or which could be binding on Purchaser after any Closing or that might materially, detrimentally affect (i) Seller's ability to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) the use and operation of the Property as contemplated by the Development Approvals, or (iii) the value of the Property.
Litigation
Schedule 7.1.3
7.1.4 . No bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar action or proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, is pending against Seller.
Bankruptcy
7.1.5 . Seller has not entered into any other contract to sell the Property or any part thereof which is currently in effect.
Other Sales Agreements
7.1.6 . Seller has not granted any option, right of first refusal or first opportunity to any party to acquire any ownership interest in the Property or any portion thereof.
Options or Rights of First Refusal
7.1.7 . Except for the Leases and Permitted Exceptions, there are no construction, development, engineering, architectural, employment, parking, maintenance, brokerage, listing, commission, management, service or supply contracts or any other agreements, oral or written, express or implied, executed or agreed to by Seller or any Affiliate of Seller that have been entered into by or on behalf of Seller, which would be binding on Purchaser or which could otherwise affect any portion of the Property included within a Block or a Development Site within a Block, as applicable, after the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Contracts
 
7.1.8 . Except for the Leases referenced on , there are no leases with any third parties in effect which will affect any portion of the Property included within a Block or a Development Site within a Block, as applicable, after the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable. Seller has not assigned its interest in any of the Leases. To Seller's knowledge, each of the Leases is in full force and effect, and no rent has been paid more than one month in advance. contains complete list of all security deposits held by Seller pursuant to such Leases. To Seller's knowledge there exists no default by Seller or any tenant under any of the Leases.
Leases
Schedule 1.4
Schedule 1.5
7.1.9 . Seller represents that no leasing commissions are owed to Seller's Broker (as defined below) or any third party engaged by Seller with respect to any of the Leases as of the Effective Date. Seller represents that no Tenant Inducement Costs (as defined below) are owed by Seller with respect to any of the Leases as of the Effective Date. For purposes hereof, the term "" shall mean any free rent or rent abatement and any unpaid costs required under any of the Leases to be paid by the landlord thereunder to or for the benefit of the tenant thereunder which is in the nature of a tenant inducement or concession including, without limitation, tenant improvement costs, design, refurbishment and other work allowances, lease buyout costs, and moving allowances.
Leasing Commissions and Tenant Allowances
Tenant Inducement Costs
7.1.10 . Except as set forth on , Seller has not received written notice from any governmental authority or other person of any violation of any federal, state, county or municipal laws, ordinances, orders, regulations and requirements affecting the Property or any portion thereof which are unresolved, and Seller has no knowledge of any such matters. In addition, except as may be included in the Property Information or otherwise disclosed in writing to Purchaser (including on any Schedule hereto), Seller has not received any written notice from any governmental authority or other person with respect to: (i) any special assessments or proposed increases in the assessed value of the Property or any portion thereof; (ii) any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings affecting the Property or any portion thereof which remain outstanding; or (iii) any violation of any zoning, health, fire safety or other law, regulation or code applicable to the Property or any portion thereof which remains outstanding.
Violations of Law
Schedule 7.1.10
7.1.11 . Except with respect to issues disclosed in the materials described on hereto or other environmental reports or materials obtained by Purchaser (collectively, the ""), or otherwise disclosed by Seller to Purchaser in writing, Seller has no knowledge (i) that the Property or any portion thereof is in violation of any Environmental Law (as hereinafter defined) relating to the Property or any portion thereof, (ii) that during Seller's term of ownership, the Property or any portion thereof has been used for industrial purposes or for the storage, treatment, disposal, generation or release of hazardous substances (as defined by CERCLA, as hereinafter defined), other than equipment, cleaning solutions, maintenance materials and other products customarily used or stored incidental to the operation and/or maintenance of the Property or the applicable portion thereof, (iii) that any underground storage tanks are currently located at the Property or any portion thereof, and (iv) that there has been any investigation, administrative order, consent order and agreement, litigation, or settlement with respect to hazardous substances that is pending or threatened in writing with respect to the Property or any portion thereof. As used herein, the term "" means any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order or
Environmental Laws
Schedule 7.1.11
Environmental Materials
Environmental Law
 
determination of any governmental authority or agency affecting the Property and pertaining to health or the environment including, but not limited to, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1982 ("") and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1986.
CERCLA
7.1.12 . Seller is not a "foreign person," "foreign trust" or "foreign corporation" within the meaning of the United States Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as subsequently amended.
Foreign Person
7.1.13 . To Seller's knowledge, the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Seller and the consummation by Seller of the transactions contemplated hereby will not: (i) violate any judgment, order, injunction, or decree to which Seller or the Property or any portion thereof is subject, or (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under the organizational documents of Seller or any lease, mortgage, loan agreement, covenant, or other agreement or instrument to which Seller is a party or by which Seller or the Property or any portion thereof may be bound.
No Conflicts
7.1.14 . To Seller's knowledge, Seller has received no written notices of any default by Seller under any of the Permits.
Permits
7.1.15 . There are no licenses, license agreements, or other similar agreements in effect and entered into by or on behalf of Seller which will affect any portion of the Property included within a Block or a Development Site within a Block, as applicable, after the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Licenses
7.1.16 . To Seller's knowledge, Seller: (i) is not in violation of the Patriot Act, any order issued with respect to anti-money laundering by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (""), or any other federal or state anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws; (ii) is not acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations, or narcotics traffickers, including those persons or entities designated as a Specially Designated National pursuant to Executive Order 13224 of the President of the United States, dated September 23, 2001 (""), as amended, or that appear on the Annex to the Executive Order, or are included on any relevant lists maintained by the OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, or other U.S. government agencies, all as may be amended from time to time (collectively, the ""); (iii) does not conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods, or services to or for the benefit of any person included in a Government List; (iv) does not deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, the Property or any portion thereof or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order or any other law listed or referenced in this Section; (v) does not engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any anti-money-laundering and anti-terrorism laws; or (vi) is not an "Embargoed Person" (as defined below) or a country, territory, individual, or entity named on a Government List, and the monies used in connection with this Agreement and amounts committed with respect to this Agreement were not and are not derived from any activities that contravene any applicable anti-money-laundering or anti-bribery laws and regulations (including funds being derived from any Embargoed Person or any person, entity, country, or territory on a Government List or engaged
Prohibited Transaction
OFAC
Executive Order
Government List
 
in any unlawful activity defined under 18 USC 1956(c)(7)). "" shall mean any person, entity or government subject to trade restrictions under United Sates law, including but not limited to, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 USC 1701 et seq., the Trading with the Enemy Act, 50 U.S.C. APP. 1 et seq., and any Executive Orders or regulations promulgated thereunder.
Embargoed Person
7.1.17 . The Land and Improvements are taxed as multiple tax parcels, each with its own tax identification number, which does not include any property other than the Land and Improvements. To the knowledge of Seller, there are no assessments or pending assessments affecting or relating to the Land and Improvements except as may be disclosed in the Title Commitment. Seller has received no written notice of any future assessments for public improvements with respect to the Property (except that future assessments for public improvements may result from the requirements set forth in the Proposed Proffers).
Property Taxes and Assessments
7.1.18 . Seller has not received any communication from any governmental authority or any other third party which would indicate that either the requested Development Approvals will be rejected by the applicable governmental authorities or challenged or appealed by a third party and Seller has no knowledge of any threat in connection with the foregoing. Seller has delivered to Purchaser a true, correct and complete copy of the each of the submissions made to the applicable governmental authorities to date in connection with obtaining the Development Approvals.
Development Approvals
7.1.19 . To Seller's knowledge, the consent of Dittmar, which is an owner of an adjacent land parcel and a party to the Old Rezoning Application, will not be required in connection with obtaining the approval of either the New Rezoning Application or CDP or the Final Development Plan Approval for any Block or Development Site within a Block. However, Seller has neither sought nor received any assurances from the County that the County will not require cooperation or coordination with Dittmar, including but not limited to the dedication of right-of-way, as a condition of approval of the New Rezoning Application or CDP or of granting any Final Development Plan Approval for any Block or Development Site within a Block.
Dittmar
7.1.20 . Seller maintains casualty insurance for the Improvements with a coverage limit in an amount at least equal to the replacement cost of the Improvements, subject to customary deductibles and any self-insured retention levels. To the knowledge of Seller, Seller has not received from any insurer any notice of any matters or conditions with respect to the Property which constitute a defect, inadequacy, non-compliance or default under any insurance policy carried by Seller for the Property, and there is no outstanding matter or condition on, or relating to, the Property which would render any such insurance policies or coverages otherwise provided thereunder void or unenforceable in any respect.
Insurance; Compliance With Insurance Policies
7.1.21 . With the exception of the Permitted Exceptions, Seller has not made, and prior to the date of Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, will not make, any commitments or proffers to or agreements with any governmental authorities, utility company, school board, church or other religious body, or any
Commitments
 
homeowner or home owners' association or any other public or private organization or individual, relating to the Property without the prior written consent of Purchaser in each case, which proffers, commitments and/or agreements would impose any obligation upon Purchaser or its successors and assigns after such Closing, whether to make any contribution of money or dedications of land or to construct, install or maintain any improvements of a public or private nature on or off the Property, or otherwise, or which would restrict or prohibit, or otherwise materially and adversely affect (or render materially more costly) Purchaser's development of the Property for the uses contemplated in the Conceptual Development Plan.
. Purchaser represents to Seller, as of the Effective Date of this Agreement and as of the date of each Closing hereunder, as follows:
7.2 Purchaser's Representations and Warranties
7.2.1 . Purchaser is duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.
Organization
7.2.2 . Purchaser possesses all requisite power and authority, has taken all actions required by its organizational documents and applicable law, and has obtained all necessary consents, to execute and deliver this Agreement and will by the Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, have taken all actions required by its organizational documents and applicable law, to consummate the transactions contemplated in this Agreement with respect to such Block and such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Authority/Consent
7.2.3 . To Purchaser's knowledge, Purchaser and its partners, members, officers, directors, investors, or shareholders ("") and any permitted assignee under Article XIV herein (or Related Party of any such permitted assignee): (i) are not in violation of the Patriot Act, any order issued with respect to anti-money laundering by the OFAC, or any other Federal or state anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism law; (ii) are not acting, directly or indirectly, on behalf of terrorists, terrorist organizations, or narcotics traffickers, including those persons or entities designated as a Specially Designated National pursuant to the Executive Order, as amended, or that appear on the Annex to the Executive Order, or are included on any Government List; (iii) do not conduct any business or engage in making or receiving any contribution of funds, goods, or services to or for the benefit of any person included in a Government List; (iv) do not deal in, or otherwise engage in any transaction relating to, the Property or interests in property blocked pursuant to the Executive Order or any other law listed or referenced in this Section; (v) do not engage in or conspire to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or have the purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the prohibitions set forth in any anti-money-laundering and anti-terrorism laws; or (vi) are not an Embargoed Person or a country, territory, individual, or entity named on a Government List, and the monies used in connection with this Agreement and amounts committed with respect to this Agreement were not and are not derived from any activities that contravene any applicable anti-money-laundering or anti-bribery laws and regulations (including funds being derived from any Embargoed Person or any person, entity, country, or territory on a Government List or engaged in any unlawful activity defined under 18 USC 1956(c)(7)).
Prohibited Transaction
Related Parties
 
. For purposes of this Agreement, the phrase "" means the present, actual knowledge of Frederick R. Hazard and Bari L. Berkman, employees of Seller or SAIC (the ""), which employees are in the primary positions of responsibility with respect to the Property, without any duty of inquiry or investigation; provided, however, that the Seller Knowledge Individuals shall have a duty of inquiry of the following individuals (the ""): all employees of JM Zell Partners, Ltd. involved in the transaction or the Property, which Seller represents are Jeffrey Zell, Louis Kluger and Elizabeth Wilcox. Further, Seller authorizes Purchaser to conduct inquiry of all employees of Jones Lang LaSalle involved in the transaction or the Property, including, without limitation, Russell Brooks. For purposes of this Agreement, the phrase "" means the present, actual knowledge of David Cheek, Bruce Lane, Gary Block, David Gelfond and Salem Tierce, employees of Purchaser (the ""), which employees are familiar with the operations and business practices of Purchaser, without any duty of inquiry or investigation. In no event shall any of the Seller Knowledge Individuals or the Purchaser Knowledge Individuals have any personal liability hereunder.
7.3 Knowledge
to Seller's knowledge
Seller Knowledge Individuals
Other Seller Knowledge Parties
to Purchaser's knowledge
Purchaser Knowledge Individuals
. All of the representations and warranties set forth in this with respect to each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall survive the Closing on such Block and such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for a period of twelve (12) months after such Closing, subject to the provisions of and no action or proceeding thereon by either party shall be valid or enforceable, at law or in equity, unless a complaint is filed and served on the other party within such period.
7.4 Survival
Article 7
Section 12.1,
. From the Effective Date until the Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, Seller shall operate the portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of this .
8.1 Operation of Property
Section 8.1
8.1.1 From the Effective Date until the Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, Seller shall continue to operate, maintain and repair the portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in the ordinary course of business and in a manner which is customary for a prudent owner of similar property located in Tysons Corner, Virginia, except as otherwise set forth in below. If Seller proposes to enter into a new lease (other than the New SAIC Leases), or an amendment to any existing Lease, or a letter of intent for a new lease or amendment to any existing Lease whether before or after the expiration of the Study Period, Seller shall provide Purchaser with periodic updates, whether by telephone or electronic mail, as to the status of such negotiations, and periodically consult with Purchaser with respect to such negotiations. Seller shall also provide Purchaser with copies of any letter of intent or other written proposal, if any, related thereto, a summary of the proposed tenant improvement costs, leasing commissions and other expenses which would be payable by the landlord thereunder, credit information as to the proposed tenant, and red-lined copies of lease (or amendment, as the case may be) drafts transmitted by Seller or the proposed tenant. Seller shall not execute any such new lease, amendment to any existing Lease or letter of intent without obtaining
Section 8.1.4
 
Purchaser's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably denied, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser prior to the expiration of the Study Period and may be denied, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser in its sole discretion at all times from and after the Study Period; it being agreed, however, that Purchaser may reasonably deny its consent to any new Lease with any third party, binding letter of intent with any third party or amendment to any existing Lease which would hinder, delay or otherwise adversely affect the redevelopment of the Property pursuant to any of the Development Approvals. Further, Seller shall have the right to terminate any existing Lease with any third party prior to the expiration of the Study Period without Purchaser's prior written consent on account of a material monetary default by the tenant thereunder; and, after the expiration of the Study Period, Seller shall not have the right to terminate any existing Lease with any third party without Purchaser's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably denied, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser. For purposes of this , a letter of intent shall include both binding and non-binding letters of intent.
Section 8.1.1
8.1.2 Seller shall not take any of the following actions without Purchaser's consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably denied, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser prior to the expiration of the Study Period and may be denied, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser in its sole discretion at all times from and after the Study Period: (a) make or permit to be made any alterations to or upon any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, except if necessitated by emergency or other exigent circumstances, if required in connection with on-going maintenance of any portion of the Property or in connection with any existing occupant preparing to vacate any portion of the Property, or as otherwise set forth in below, (b) enter into any contracts for the provision of services and/or supplies to any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, unless such contracts are for the provision of services and/or supplies deemed necessary by Seller in its sole and absolute discretion for Seller to operate, maintain and repair any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in the manner set forth in above and unless such contracts are customary for first-class office buildings in the Tysons Corner, Virginia marketplace and terminable without premium or penalty by Purchaser upon thirty (30) days prior written notice following the Closing for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, or amend or modify any such contracts previously consented to by Purchaser in any manner, unless such contract as amended contains terms which are customary for first-class office buildings in the Tysons Corner, Virginia marketplace and such contract as amended or modified is terminable without premium or penalty by Purchaser upon thirty (30) days prior written notice following the Closing for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, (c) collect rent under any of the Leases for more than one month in advance, apply any security deposits held in accordance with the Leases, or fail to timely perform Seller's obligations under the Leases, (d) reduce or change in any material respect the level of maintenance of any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, except as otherwise set forth in below, (e) encumber, sell or transfer any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, or any interest therein or otherwise dispose of any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, or any interest therein, except as otherwise set forth in below, or alter or amend the zoning classification or development rights of any portion of the Land or
Section 8.1.4
Section 8.1.1
Section 8.1.4
Section 8.1.4
 
Improvements included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, (f) except as otherwise set forth in below, remove or permit the removal from the Property of any fixtures, mechanical equipment, or any other item included in the Property except when replaced with items of equal or greater quality and value, and except for the use and consumption, which shall be replenished by Seller prior to Closing, of inventory, office and other supplies and spare parts, and the replacement of worn out, obsolete and defective tools, equipment and appliances, in each case in the ordinary course of business, (g) settle, compromise, withdraw or terminate any real estate tax appeal or proceeding affecting any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, or (h) take any action that causes one or more of Seller's representations and warranties in this Agreement to be untrue in any material manner.
Section 8.1.4
8.1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, except for operations, maintenance and repair in the ordinary course of business (subject to the terms of below), Seller shall have no obligation to Purchaser to (a) bring any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, into compliance with any laws or regulations applicable to the portion of the Property included within such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, or (b) make or perform, during the term of this Agreement, any capital repairs or replacements, unless in either instance such non-compliance with any applicable laws or regulations or such damage giving rise to the need for any capital repairs or replacements first arises from and after the Effective Date and is due solely to Seller's gross negligence, willful misconduct or breach of the terms of this Agreement.
Section 8.1.4
8.1.4 Notwithstanding anything contained in this to the contrary, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, solely with respect to the 8301 Greensboro Building, Seller may from and after the Effective Date without the prior written consent of, but only after at least five (5) Business Days prior written notice of same to, Purchaser: (a) reduce or change the level of maintenance of such building based on Seller's use and occupancy needs with respect to such building from and after the Effective Date, so long as same do not result in any increase in demolition costs for the building; (b) make any alterations or modifications to such building based on Seller's use and occupancy needs with respect to such building from and after the Effective Date so long as same do not result in any increase in demolition costs for the building, and (c) remove or permit the removal from such building of (i) IT equipment, (ii) furniture, and (iii) equipment which is not a real property fixture and is not required for the operation of such building.
Section 8.1
8.1.5 Seller shall cooperate with Purchaser in connection with the assignment or transfer to Purchaser of any construction or other warranties related to any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, both prior to and from and after the Closing with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Seller shall join into any notices which Purchaser elects to transmit to warranty providers, confirming the sale of any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, by Seller to Purchaser. The provisions of this shall survive the Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for a period of one (1) year.
Section 8.1.5
 
8.1.6 Seller shall use reasonable efforts to provide to Purchaser additional information related to the Property which is in Seller's possession and which is not included as part of the Property Information from time to time within three (3) business days after a written request from Purchaser or of Seller's receipt of any material notice or correspondence pertaining to the Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else in this Agreement to the contrary, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that in no event shall Seller be required to provide Purchaser with any current or future budgets and projections relating to the Property or any portion thereof, regardless of whether the same were prepared by Seller or by a third party for or at the request of Seller.
. Promptly after receipt, Seller shall provide Purchaser with copies of any written notices that Seller receives with respect to (i) any special assessments or proposed increases in the valuation of any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable; (ii) any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings affecting any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable; or (iii) any violation or investigation of a potential violation of any Permit, any Environmental Law or any zoning, health, fire, safety or other law, regulation or code applicable to any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable. In addition, Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Purchaser, promptly upon receipt thereof by Seller, copies of any written notices of default given or received by Seller under any of the Leases.
8.2 Governmental Notices
. Seller will advise Purchaser promptly of any litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, hearing or action (including, but not limited to, any condemnation action or real estate tax appeal) which is instituted, pending or threatened in writing after the Effective Date that concerns or involves the Property or any portion thereof. Seller will not settle any such litigation, arbitration or administrative proceeding, hearing or action without Purchaser's prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser) to the extent such settlement would be binding on Purchaser before or after a Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
8.3 Litigation
. Prior to the Closing on each Block and each Development Site within a Block, Seller will maintain Seller's existing insurance coverage with respect to that portion of the Property included within such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
8.4 Insurance
. Purchaser's obligation to purchase the portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, is subject to satisfaction, on or before the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable (as such date may be extended as provided herein) of the following conditions (or, to the extent any such condition is required to be satisfied on or before an earlier date as set forth in this Article 9, such condition must be satisfied on or before such earlier date), any of which may, to the extent permitted under applicable laws, be waived in writing by Purchaser in Purchaser's sole and absolute discretion.
9.1 Conditions Precedent to Purchaser's Obligation to Close
 
9.1.1 . A final examination of the title to the portion of the Land and Improvements included within such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall disclose no title exceptions with respect thereto except for the Permitted Exceptions, matters caused by Purchaser or its activities on the applicable portion of the Land and Improvements, or other matters approved in writing by Purchaser. In addition, the Title Company shall be prepared to issue to Purchaser, at standard rates, an ALTA Form B (2006) owner's title insurance policy in the amount of the purchase price payable hereunder for such Block or such Development Site within a Block and its related Improvements, as applicable, insuring that the fee simple estate to such Block or such Development Site within a Block and its related Improvements, as applicable, is vested in Purchaser.
Title
9.1.2 . With respect to each of Blocks A, B, C and E and each of the Development Sites within such Blocks, Purchaser shall have obtained approval of the Conceptual Development Plan, the Final Development Plan Approval and the Subdivision Approvals for such Block or such Development Site within such Block, as applicable, from the County in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
Development Approvals
9.1.3 . With respect to Block F, Seller shall have executed an agreement terminating that certain Goodridge Drive Associates Limited Partnership Declaration of Easements, Covenants and Conditions dated July 10, 1987 and recorded in the Clerk's Office of the Circuit Court of Fairfax County, Virginia (the "") in Deed Book 6790, Page 1, as previously amended by that certain First Amendment to Goodridge Drive Associates Limited Partnership Declaration of Easements, Covenants and Conditions dated February 2, 1998 and recorded in the Clerk's Office in Deed Book 10510, Page 736 (the "").
Termination of Existing Declaration
Clerk's Office
Existing Declaration Termination
9.1.4 . Seller and Purchaser shall have mutually agreed upon a Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions (the "") to provide for among other things, the following: (i) the use and development of the Property in accordance with the Development Approvals, including, without limitation, the Rezoning Approval and the Conceptual Development Plan, (ii) the allocation and allowance for the transfer of zoning entitlements and density, (iii) the allocation of proffer obligations, (iv) the granting of customary easement rights among each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, including without limitation, (x) the granting to Purchaser of one or more easements over, upon and across portions of any Blocks and Development Sites adjacent to any Development Sites that are purchased by Purchaser to be mutually agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser during the Study Period (each an "") for the purpose of allowing Purchaser to use the Easement Area for crane swing rights, construction staging and temporary parking during the period of construction of such Development Site (y) the granting to Purchaser of long-term parking easements for parking on any Block or Development Site within a Block for which a Closing has not occurred hereunder for the benefit of any Block or Development Site for which a Closing has occurred hereunder, which easements will terminate if and when Purchaser no longer has the right to proceed to Closing hereunder on such burdened Block or Development Site within a Block, and (z) the granting of reciprocal easements to the extent any two Development Sites share a party wall or a common parking garage or any other shared amenities. The form of the SAIC Declaration shall be agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser during the Study Period, and, following each of Seller and Purchaser providing written
SAIC Declaration
SAIC Declaration
Easement Area
 
confirmation to the other that the form of the SAIC Declaration is acceptable, no further changes may be made to the SAIC Declaration without the mutual written consent of Seller and Purchaser and each of the parties thereto shall be obligated to execute and record such SAIC Declaration on or prior to the date of Closing for Block F; provided, however, that each of Seller and Purchaser agrees to use good faith and diligent efforts to agree on any changes to the SAIC Declaration which are reasonably deemed necessary by Purchaser or Seller due to any subsequent changes made to the Rezoning in seeking the Development Approvals pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof.
9.1.5 . Solely with respect to Block F, SAIC shall have entered into each of the New SAIC Leases on or prior to the date of Closing on Block F.
SAIC Leases
9.1.6 . Solely with respect to Block F, Seller and Purchaser shall have, during the Study Period, mutually agreed upon the form of an easement (the "") pursuant to which Seller shall grant to Purchaser a perpetual easement to use the parking garage located on Block E that serves Tower 1, Tower 2 and Tower 3 (the ""); provided, however, that upon each of Seller and Purchaser providing written confirmation to the other that the form of the Block F Parking Easement is acceptable, no further changes may be made to the Block F Parking Easement without the mutual written consent of Seller and Purchaser and each of the parties thereto shall be obligated to execute and record such Block F Parking Easement on or prior to the date of Closing on Block F. The Block F Parking Easement shall initially provide Purchaser with the exclusive right to use all of the parking spaces within the Block E Parking Garage. The Block F Parking Easement shall also provide that in the event this Agreement is terminated prior to Purchaser having completed its purchase hereunder of all of the Development Sites within Block E, then commencing upon the earlier to occur of the date construction commences on Block E or the termination date of the last of the New SAIC Leases, Purchaser's right to the exclusive use of all of the parking spaces within the Block E Parking Garage shall automatically be reduced so that Purchaser shall only have the exclusive right to use the greater of (i) the maximum number of parking spaces allocable to Block F in accordance with the Conceptual Development Plan (less the aggregate number of parking spaces located in the parking structures beneath Tower 2 and Tower 3), or (ii) the number of parking spaces required to be provided by Purchaser to SAIC under the New SAIC Leases then in effect. Seller and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that the Block F Parking Easement and the Block E Easement (as defined below) may be combined and expanded to include other easements and covenants to the extent agreed upon by Purchaser and Seller in their sole discretion.
Block F Parking Easement
Block F Parking Easement
Block E Parking Garage
9.1.7 . Solely with respect to Block F, Seller and Purchaser shall have, during the Study Period, mutually agreed upon the form of an easement (the "") pursuant to which Seller shall grant to Purchaser a perpetual easement over, upon and across those portions of Block E that are adjacent to Block F that are mutually agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser during the Study Period (the "") for purposes of providing Purchaser with a means of ingress to and egress from the Improvements on Block F and the streets and roadways bordering Parcel E and allowing Purchaser to use, operate and maintain the drive aisles, driveways, sidewalks, surface parking areas, loading locks and other improvements located within the Block E Easement Area that benefit the Improvements on Block F. Upon each of Seller and Purchaser providing written confirmation to the other that the
Block E Easement
Block E Easement
Block E Easement Area
 
form of the Block E Easement, including, without limitation, the location of the Block E Easement Area are acceptable, no further changes may be made to the Block E Easement or the Block E Easement Area without the mutual written consent of Seller and Purchaser and each of the parties thereto shall be obligated to execute and record such Block E Easement on or prior to the date of Closing on Block F.
9.1.8 .
Intentionally omitted
9.1.9 . Seller shall have delivered each of the Closing Documents required to be delivered under of this Agreement with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Delivery of Closing Documents
Section 10.2.1
9.1.10 Seller shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants of Seller under this Agreement with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Covenants.
9.1.11 . All representations and warranties made by Seller in this Agreement (other than with respect to any Block or Development Site previously sold to Purchaser hereunder which have expired, if any) shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of Closing on each Block or each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, except to the extent the facts and circumstances underlying such representations and warranties may have changed as of the date of such Closing for any reason other than Seller's breach of the terms of this Agreement or gross negligence or willful misconduct; provided, however, that if on the date of such Closing any such representations and warranties are not true and correct in all material respects, Purchaser shall in any event be required to close hereunder and pay the purchase price set forth herein for such Block or such Development Site within a Block being purchased at such Closing, as applicable, to Seller without any reduction or credit, unless the breach of any such representations and warranties will have, in the aggregate, a "material adverse effect" and in such event, Seller shall be entitled, at its option and in its sole discretion, to credit to Purchaser such amount on account of such breach as will cause the same to no longer have a "material adverse effect," in which event Purchaser shall be required to close hereunder. As used herein, a "material adverse effect" shall be deemed to have occurred if by reason of such breach of any such representations or warranties the fair market value of the portion of the Property included within such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, is decreased by an amount exceeding the lesser of (i) $500,000 or (ii) one half of one percent (0.5%) of the purchase price set forth herein for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable. For purposes hereof, a representation or warranty shall not be deemed to have been breached if the representation or warranty is not true and correct in all material respects as of the date of Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, by reason of changed facts or circumstances which pursuant to the terms of this Agreement are permitted to have occurred.
Representations and Warranties
. Seller's obligation to sell the portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, is subject to satisfaction, on or before the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable (as such date may be extended as provided herein), of the following conditions, any of which may, to the extent permitted under applicable laws, be waived in writing by Seller, in Seller's sole and absolute discretion:
9.2 Conditions Precedent to Seller's Obligation to Close
9.2.1 . Purchaser shall have performed and observed, in all material respects, all covenants of Purchaser under this Agreement with respect to such Block or such Development Site within such Block, as applicable.
Covenants
 
9.2.2 .To the extent required, all Subdivision Approvals required for the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall have been obtained by Purchaser from the County.
Subdivision Approvals
9.2.3 .
Intentionally omitted
9.2.4 . Purchaser shall have entered into the SAIC Declaration on or prior to the date of Closing on Block F.
SAIC Declaration
9.2.5 . Solely with respect to Block F, Purchaser shall have entered into each of the New SAIC Leases on or prior to the date of Closing on Block F.
SAIC Leases
9.2.6 .
Intentionally omitted
9.2.7 . Solely with respect to Block F, Seller and Purchaser shall have mutually agreed upon the form of the Block F Parking Easement in accordance with the terms of above, and Purchaser shall have entered into the Block F Parking Easement on or prior to the date of Closing on Block F.
Block F Parking Easement
Section 9.1.6
9.2.8 . Solely with respect to Block F, Seller and Purchaser shall have mutually agreed upon the form of the Block E Easement and the location of the Block E Easement Area in accordance with the terms of above, and Purchaser shall have entered into the Block E Easement on or prior to the date of Closing on Block F.
Block E Easement
Section 9.1.7
9.2.9 . All representations and warranties made by Purchaser in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, subject to changes in facts or circumstances which pursuant to the terms of this Agreement are permitted to have occurred.
Representations and Warranties
9.2.10 . Purchaser shall have delivered each of the Closing Documents required to be delivered under of this Agreement with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Delivery of Closing Documents
Section 10.3.1
9.3 Failure of a Condition
9.3.1 In the event that any condition precedent to the Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, has not been satisfied on or before the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable (or, to the extent any such condition is required to be satisfied on or before an earlier date as set forth in this Article 9, such condition has not been satisfied on or before such earlier date), then the party
 
whose conditions to Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, have not been satisfied (the "") shall give notice to the other party on the date of Closing on such Block or such Development Site (or, if applicable, such earlier date) of the condition or conditions which the Unsatisfied Party asserts are not satisfied. If the conditions specified in such notice are not satisfied within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such notice, then the party whose condition precedent was not satisfied may terminate this Agreement as to such Block or such Development Site within a Block and all remaining Block(s) and Development Site(s) within a Block(s) for which a Closing has not previously occurred, whereupon neither party shall have any further rights or obligations hereunder (other than any obligations of either party that expressly survive termination) and the Deposit (or, to the extent any portion of the Deposit has previously been delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of above, any remaining portion of the Deposit) shall be returned to Purchaser; provided, however, that if such failure of a condition is due to a default by one of the parties (e.g., a material breach of a party's representations and warranties which is uncured prior to Closing or a willful failure to take actions within such party's reasonable control which would have satisfied the condition precedent), the disposition of the Deposit (or any remaining portion thereof) and other remedies for such default shall be governed solely by of this Agreement and not this . Further, Purchaser shall have the right, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, to waive the unsatisfied condition or conditions, by notice to Seller within five (5) Business Days after expiration of the applicable satisfaction period, without satisfaction having occurred, in which event the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall be the date which is five (5) Business Days after Seller's receipt of Purchaser's waiver notice. It is understood and agreed that the failure of any condition set forth in (Title) shall not constitute a default, breach of a covenant or other failure to perform by Seller hereunder, unless the matter giving rise to such failure of condition results directly from an act or omission by Seller that causes title not to be in the condition required therein (including, without limitation, Seller's breach of this Agreement).
Unsatisfied Party
Section 3.2.4
Article 12
Section 9.3.1
Section 9.1.1
9.3.2 If the Closing on a Block or a Development Site within a Block, as applicable, occurs as contemplated by this Agreement, the parties shall be deemed to have waived any and all unmet or unsatisfied conditions with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, other than any unmet or unsatisfied conditions arising out of a breach by either party of any of its representations and warranties hereunder of which the other party has no knowledge as of the date of Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
. The consummation of the purchase and sale of each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable (each, a "") will take place at the office of Purchaser's counsel in Washington, D.C., via an escrow closing, on the dates hereinafter set forth (WITH TIME BEING STRICTLY OF THE ESSENCE WITH RESPECT TO EACH SUCH DATE, UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED BY THE PARTIES). Purchaser and Seller agree to finalize and execute all documents necessary for each Closing, including but not limited to the Closing Statement (as hereinafter defined), and to deliver all such documents to the Title Company in escrow not later than the day which is one (1) Business Day immediately preceding the date of such Closing in order to ensure the orderly and timely transfer of all funds necessary on the date of such Closing.
10.1 Closing Dates
Closing
 
10.1.1 . Closing on Block F, the Block F Parking Easement, the Block E Easement, the New SAIC Leases and, to the extent applicable, all the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith shall occur on or before the date which is ten (10) Business Days after the expiration of the Study Period (such date being hereinafter referred to as the ""). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this , Purchaser shall have the right to extend the Outside Block F Closing Date for up to two (2) additional periods of thirty (30) days each from the last date on which such Closing is permitted to occur pursuant to the terms of this Section 10.1 by delivering to Seller written notice of such election not later than the day which is two (2) Business Days immediately preceding the previously designated date of such Closing; provided, however, that in the event Purchaser exercises such extension options, the lease term for the New SAIC Lease(s) for Tower 1 and Tower 2 will be reduced by one day for each day that the Outside Block F Closing Date is extended by Purchaser beyond the date which is ten (10) Business Days after the Study Period.
Block F
Outside Block F Closing Date
Section 10.1.1
10.1.2 . Closing on the first Development Site containing (at least in part) RFAR (which is presently anticipated to be Development Site "A1"), together with, to the extent applicable, all the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith (the "") shall occur on or before the date which is sixty (60) days after the later of (a) the date Purchaser obtains the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site, and (b) the date Purchaser obtains the Subdivision Approvals required to create such Development Site (such date being hereinafter referred to as the "").
First Residential Development Site
First Residential Development Site
First Residential Development Site Closing
10.1.3 . Closing on the second Development Site containing (at least in part) RFAR together with, to the extent applicable, all the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith (the "") shall occur on or before the date which is the later to occur of (i) one (1) year after the First Residential Development Site Closing and (ii) sixty (60) days after the later of (a) the date Purchaser obtains the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site and (b) the date Purchaser obtains the Subdivision Approvals required to create such Development Site.
Second Residential Development Site
Second Residential Development Site
10.1.4 . Closing on the first Development Site containing (at least in part) Commercial FAR for either office or hotel use together with, to the extent applicable, all the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith (the "") shall occur on or before the date which is sixty (60) days after the later of (a) the date Purchaser obtains the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site, and (b) the date Purchaser obtains the Subdivision Approvals required to create such Development Site (the "").
First Commercial Development Site
First Commercial Development Site
First Commercial Development Site Closing
10.1.5 . Closing on either (a) the third Development Site containing (at least in part)
Third Residential Development Site or Second Commercial Development Site
 
RFAR together with, to the extent applicable, all Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith (the "") or (b) the second Development Site containing (at least in part) Commercial FAR for either office or hotel use together with, to the extent applicable, all the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith (the "") shall occur on or before the date which is the later to occur of (i) two (2) years after the First Residential Development Site Closing and (ii) sixty (60) days after the later of (x) the date Purchaser obtains the Final Development Plan Approval for such Development Site and (y) the date Purchaser obtains the Subdivision Approvals required to create such Development Site.
Third Residential Development Site
Second Commercial Development Site
10.1.6 . Purchaser must proceed to Closing on all of the remaining Development Sites and/or Blocks together with, to the extent applicable, all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith, on or before the later of (a) the date which is five (5) years after the First Residential Development Site Closing and (b) the date which is sixty (60) days after the date Purchaser has obtained the Final Development Plan Approval and Subdivision Approval for each such Development Site.
Remaining Development Sites
10.1.7 . Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Seller and Purchaser acknowledge and agree that, in event the Final Development Plan Approval and Subdivision Approvals for Block A, Block B, Block C or Block E or any of the Development Sites within Block A, Block B, Block C or Block E are not obtained by Purchaser within eight (8) years after the date of Closing on Block F, despite Purchaser's efforts to obtain the same in accordance with the terms of hereof, either party hereto may elect, upon written notice to the other, to terminate this Agreement as to such Block(s) or such Development Site(s) within such Block(s). Upon delivery of such termination notice, this Agreement shall terminate as to such Block(s) and/or such Development Site(s) within such Block(s), the Deposit (or, to the extent any portion of the Deposit has previously been delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of above, any remaining portion of the Deposit) shall be returned to Purchaser, and thereafter neither party hereto shall have any further rights, obligations or liabilities hereunder, except for those matters which expressly survive termination of this Agreement.
Outside Date
Article 2
Section 3.2.4
10.1.8 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, upon Purchaser obtaining the Subdivision Approvals required to create any given Block or Blocks or one or more Development Sites within a Block or Blocks, Purchaser may elect, at any time, upon at least ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to Seller, to proceed to Closing on such Block(s) or Development Site(s) before receiving Final Development Plan Approval for such Block(s) or Development Site(s) and before the applicable outside dates for Closing contemplated above in this , together with all of the Improvements and other portions of the Property located thereon or otherwise associated therewith, to the extent applicable; provided, however, that if the date for any given Closing selected by Purchaser is before the applicable outside date permitted under the terms above in this Section 10.1 for any such Block(s) or Development Site(s), then Purchaser may extend the date selected for such Closing up to the applicable outside date set forth above by delivering to Seller written notice of such election not later than the day which is two (2) Business Days immediately preceding the previously designated date of such Closing.
Early Closing Date
Section 10.1
 
. At each Closing, Seller will do, or cause to be done, the following:
10.2 Seller's Obligations at each Closing
10.2.1 . Seller shall execute, acknowledge (if necessary) and deliver, to the extent applicable to the Block or Development Site within a Block which is the subject of such Closing, originals of the following documents, to the extent applicable:
Closing Documents
10.2.1.1 Special Warranty Deed in substantially the form of hereto, conveying to Purchaser the portion of the Land and Improvements, if applicable, included within the Block or Development Site within a Block which is the subject of such Closing;
Exhibit C
10.2.1.2 Assignment and Assumption Agreement in substantially the form of hereto;
Exhibit E
10.2.1.3 Bill of Sale in substantially the form of hereto;
Exhibit D
10.2.1.4 Certificate of Non-Foreign Status in substantially the form of hereto (the "");
Exhibit F
FIRPTA
10.2.1.5 Letters to each tenant under the Leases in substantially the form of hereto, notifying tenants of the conveyance of the applicable portion of the Property to Purchaser and advising them that, following the date of such Closing, all future payments of rent are to be made in the manner set forth therein;
Exhibit G
10.2.1.6 Settlement statement showing all of the payments, adjustments and prorations provided for in and otherwise agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser;
Section 10.5
10.2.1.7 A certificate stating that each of Seller's representations and warranties contained in this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects, except as otherwise permitted in this Agreement;
10.2.1.8 An Owner's Affidavit in substantially the form of attached hereto (the "") and any other funds or documents necessary or appropriate for the Title Company to issue an owner's title insurance policy to Purchaser in the form required hereunder. Seller shall also deliver to the Title Company and the Purchaser such evidence as may be reasonably required by the Title Company with respect to the authority of the person(s) executing the deed of conveyance and the other documents required to be executed by Seller on behalf of Seller;
Exhibit H
Owner's Affidavit
10.2.1.9 Evidence of the termination of Seller's existing property management and leasing agreement(s) and all other contracts to be terminated at the time of such Closing, if any, including, without limitation, copies of notices of termination of all such contracts;
 
10.2.1.10 Solely with respect to the Closing on Block F, Seller shall cause SAIC to execute and deliver to Purchaser the New SAIC Leases;
10.2.1.11 Solely with respect to the Closing on Block F, the Block F Parking Easement, the Block E Easement, the Existing Declaration Termination and the SAIC Declaration; and
10.2.1.12 Such evidence as may be reasonably required by the Title Company with respect to the authority of the person(s) executing the documents required to be executed by Seller on behalf of Seller.
10.2.2 . Seller will deliver to Purchaser originals within Seller's possession of all items comprising the Property Information referenced in to the extent applicable to the Block or the Development Site within a Block that is the subject of such Closing.
Original Property Information Documents
Article 4
10.2.3 . Seller will deliver to Purchaser possession of the portion of the Property included within the Block or the Development Site within a Block that is the subject to such Closing, subject to the Leases, to the extent applicable.
Possession
10.2.4 . Seller will deliver to Purchaser all keys in the possession or subject to the control of Seller, including, without limitation, master keys as well as combinations, card keys and cards for the security systems, if any.
Keys
10.2.5 . Seller will pay all costs allocated to Seller pursuant to of this Agreement.
Costs
Section 10.5
. At each Closing, Purchaser will do, or cause to be done, the following:
10.3 Purchaser's Obligations at each Closing
10.3.1 . At each Closing, Purchaser shall execute, acknowledge (if necessary) and deliver, to the extent applicable to the Block or the Development Site within a Block which is the subject of such Closing, originals of the following documents, to the extent applicable:
Closing Documents
10.3.1.1 Assignment and Assumption Agreement in substantially the form of hereto;
Exhibit E
10.3.1.2 Settlement statement showing all of the payments, adjustments and prorations provided for in and otherwise agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser;
Section 10.5
10.3.1.3 Solely with respect to the Closing on Block F, the New SAIC Leases, the Block F Parking Easement, the Block E Easement, and the SAIC Declaration;
10.3.1.4 Such evidence as may be reasonably required by the Title Company with respect to the authority of the person(s) executing the documents required to be executed by Purchaser on behalf of Purchaser; and
10.3.1.5 A certificate stating that each of Purchaser's representations and warranties contained in this Agreement is true and correct in all material respects, except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement.
 
10.3.2 . Purchaser will pay to Escrow Agent by bank wire transfer of immediately available funds at each Closing the purchase price payable hereunder for the Block or the Development Site within a Block which is the subject of such Closing (subject to the credits, prorations and adjustments provided hereby). The net closing proceeds due to Seller shall be wire transferred by the Title Company to such account or accounts as Seller may designate.
Payment of Consideration
10.3.3 . Purchaser will pay all costs allocated to Purchaser pursuant to of this Agreement.
Costs
Section 10.5
. The delivery of the documents and the payment of the sums to be delivered and paid at each Closing shall be accomplished through an escrow with the Escrow Agent.
10.4 Escrow
10.5 Costs and Adjustments at each Closing.
10.5.1 . Subject to the provisions of hereof, the local and Commonwealth of Virginia grantor's, recordation and transfer taxes and recording fees imposed upon or payable in connection with the recordation of the deed to each Block and each Development Site within a Block, and any closing or escrow fees of the Escrow Agent with respect to each Closing, shall be paid one-half by Purchaser and one-half by Seller. The recording fees imposed upon or payable in connection with the recordation of the Existing Declaration Termination, the SAIC Declaration, the Block F Parking Easement, the Block E Easement and any other closing costs not expressly addressed hereunder shall be paid one-half by Purchaser and one-half by Seller. Seller shall pay all costs and fees for Seller's representatives and consultants, title clearance to release monetary liens as required herein and related title company charges. Purchaser shall pay all costs and fees for title examination, title insurance and related title company charges, any update requested by Purchaser of the survey of the Property and all of Purchaser's due diligence studies and investigations. Seller and Purchaser shall each pay its respective attorney's fees.
Expenses
Section 10.1
10.5.2 . Real estate, personal property, business improvement district, ballpark, arena and other similar ad valorem taxes, fees or charges for the calendar or fiscal year, as applicable to the specific tax, fee or charge, in which each Closing occurs, and any vault charges, will be prorated between Seller and Purchaser as of the Apportionment Time on the basis of actual bills therefor, if available. If such bills are not available, then such taxes and other charges shall be prorated on the basis of the most currently available tax bills and, thereafter, promptly re-prorated upon the availability of actual bills for the period. All rebates or reductions in taxes received subsequent to each Closing, net of third party costs of obtaining the same, shall be prorated as of the Apportionment Time, when received; provided, however, that any portion of such rebates or reductions in taxes that would otherwise be payable to Seller shall be reduced by any such amounts owed to tenants under the Leases. The current installment of all special assessments, if any, which are a lien against the portion of
Real Estate and Personal Property Taxes
 
the Property included with each Block and each Development Site within a Block at the time of the Closing thereon and which are being or may be paid in installments shall be prorated as of the Apportionment Time. As used herein, the term "" shall mean 11:59 p.m. local Washington, DC time on the date immediately prior to the date of each Closing.
Apportionment Time
10.5.3 . At each Closing on a Block or Development Site within a Block subject to any Leases, Seller shall pay to Purchaser, as a credit against the purchase price payable hereunder for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, the amount of any security deposits held by Seller pursuant to such Leases. All rents, percentage rents, common area charges, real estate taxes and other costs or charges paid by tenants under such Leases shall be prorated as of the Apportionment Time, to the extent actually collected by Seller. Rents, percentage rents, common area charges, real estate taxes and other costs or charges not current at such Closing shall be applied as follows upon collection: , to amounts due and payable for the month in which the payment is received, including apportionment between Seller and Purchaser if that month is the month in which the Apportionment Date occurs; , to rents, percentage rents, common area charges, real estate taxes and other costs or charges due to periods after such Closing and prior to collection, in inverse order, most recent month first; and , to arrearages for the months prior to the month in which such Closing occurs. Purchaser shall promptly remit to Seller any rent or payments for any charges received by Purchaser subsequent to such Closing which are attributable to periods prior to such Closing, to the extent such rent or payments were not credited to Seller at such Closing and should be credited to Seller under the order of priority set forth above. Seller shall promptly remit to Purchaser any rent or payments for any charges received by Seller subsequent to such Closing which are attributable to periods subsequent to such Closing, to the extent such rent or payments should be credited to Purchaser under the order of priority set forth above.
Lease Security Deposits and Rents
first
second
third
10.5.4 . Water, sewer, electric, fuel (if any) and other utility charges, other than those for which tenants under any applicable Leases are responsible directly to the provider, shall be prorated as of the Apportionment Time. If consumption of any of the foregoing is measured by meter, Seller shall, prior to the date of such Closing, endeavor to obtain a reading of each such meter and a final bill as of the date of such Closing. If there is no such meter or if the bill for any of the foregoing will not have been issued as of the date of such Closing, the charges therefor shall be adjusted as of the Apportionment Time on the basis of the charges of the prior period for which such bills were issued and shall be further adjusted between the parties when the bills for the correct period are issued. Seller and Purchaser shall cooperate to cause the transfer of utility accounts from Seller to Purchaser. Seller shall be entitled to retain any utility security deposits to be refunded. At each Closing, Purchaser shall post substitute utility security deposits to replace those previously paid by Seller to the extent required by the utility provider or, if the utility provider will not refund such deposits to Seller and instead retains and transfers such security deposits to the account of Purchaser, Seller shall be reimbursed therefor by Purchaser at such Closing.
Utilities
10.5.5 . Premiums on insurance policies will not be adjusted. As of the date of each Closing, Seller will terminate its insurance coverage and Purchaser will affect its own insurance coverage.
Insurance Policies
 
10.5.6 . Notwithstanding above or anything herein to the contrary, all payments received by Purchaser from a tenant under a Lease with respect to any Block or Development Site within a Block after the date of Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block in reimbursement of utility charges incurred within the leased premises of such tenant and/or in reimbursement of such tenant's share of real estate taxes paid by Landlord under such Lease, in each case as attributable to periods prior to the date of Closing on such Block or such Development Site, shall be promptly remitted to Seller, without regard to any other amounts then due to the Purchaser by such tenant.
Utility/Tax Reimbursements
Section 10.5.3
10.5.7 . Two (2) Business Days prior to each Closing, Seller or its agents or designees will prepare, and promptly thereafter, Seller and Purchaser shall jointly agree upon, a closing statement (each, a "") which will show the net amount due either to Seller or to Purchaser as the result of the adjustments and prorations provided for in this Agreement with respect to the Block or Development Site within a Block which is the subject of such Closing, and such net due amount will be added to or subtracted from the cash balance of the purchase price to be paid to Seller hereunder at such Closing, as applicable. Not later than the date of the sixth (6
Closing Statement
Closing Statement
th
) month anniversary of the date of each Closing hereunder, Seller and Purchaser will jointly prepare a final closing statement reasonably satisfactory to Seller and Purchaser in form and substance (each, a "") setting forth the final determination of the adjustments and prorations provided for herein with respect to the Block or Development Site within a Block which was the subject of such Closing and setting forth any items which are not capable of being determined at such time (and the manner in which such items shall be determined and paid). The net amount due Seller or Purchaser, if any, by reason of adjustments to each Closing Statement as shown in each Final Closing Statement, shall be paid in cash by the party obligated therefor within fifteen (15) Business Days following that party's receipt of each approved Final Closing Statement. The adjustments, prorations and determinations agreed to by Seller and Purchaser in each Final Closing Statement shall be conclusive and binding on the parties hereto except for any items which are not capable of being determined at the time such Final Closing Statement is agreed to by Seller and Purchaser, which items shall be determined and paid in the manner set forth in such Final Closing Statement and except for other amounts payable hereunder pursuant to provisions which survive each Closing. Prior to and following the date of each Closing, each party shall provide the other with such information as the other shall reasonably request (including, without limitation, access to the books, records, files, ledgers, information and data with respect to the Block or Development Site within a Block which is or was the subject of such Closing during normal business hours upon reasonable advance notice) in order to make the preliminary and final adjustments and prorations provided for herein.
Final Closing Statement
10.5.8 . The provisions of this shall survive each Closing hereunder.
Survival
Section 10.5
. If, prior to the Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, all or any portion of that portion of the Property included within such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, is damaged by fire or any other cause whatsoever, Seller shall promptly give Purchaser written notice of such damage and the amount of insurance proceeds available to repair such damage.
11.1 Damage
 
11.1.1 . If (i) the cost for repairing such damage is less than two and one-half percent (2.5%) of the purchase price payable hereunder for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable (as reasonably determined by Seller), (ii) the insurance proceeds are sufficient to repair the damage in accordance with current building code requirements and (iii) no tenant under any of the Leases has the right to terminate its Lease or the New SAIC Leases remain in full force and effect without any right to terminate as a result of such casualty, then Purchaser shall have the right at the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, to receive all insurance proceeds received by Seller allocated solely to the repair of such damage and an assignment of Seller's rights to uncollected insurance proceeds which Seller may be entitled to receive that are allocated solely to the mitigation and repair of such damage or to lost rents from and after the date for such Closing arising from such damage on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect with no reduction in the purchase price payable hereunder for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Seller shall have no further liability or obligation to repair such damage or to replace the relevant portion of the Property. Seller shall not compromise, settle or adjust any claims to such insurance proceeds without Purchaser's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser.
Minor Damage
11.1.2 . If (i) the cost for repairing such damage is equal to or greater than two and one-half percent (2.5%) of the purchase price payable hereunder for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable (as reasonably determined by Seller), (ii) the insurance proceeds are insufficient to repair the damage in accordance with current building code requirements or (iii) one or more tenants under the Leases has the right to terminate its Lease or the New SAIC Leases would not become effective or would be subject to termination as a result of such casualty, then Purchaser shall have the option, exercisable by written notice delivered to Seller within five (5) Business Days after Seller's notice of damage to Purchaser, either (a) to receive all insurance proceeds received by Seller allocated solely to the mitigation and repair of such damage and an assignment of Seller's rights to uncollected insurance proceeds which Seller may be entitled to receive that are allocated solely to the mitigation and repair of such damage or to lost rents from and after the date for Closing arising from such damage on such Block or such Development Site within a Block; in which event, the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block shall be postponed as reasonably necessary to allow for the implementation of the provisions of this subsection, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect with no reduction in the purchase price payable hereunder for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Seller shall have no further liability or obligation to repair such damage or to replace the relevant portion of the Property; or (b) to terminate this Agreement as to such Block or such Development Site within a Block and all remaining Block(s) and Development Site(s) within a Block(s) for which a Closing has not previously occurred. If Purchaser elects to so terminate this Agreement, Purchaser shall give notice to Seller thereof, the Deposit (or, to the extent any portion of the Deposit has previously been delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of above, any remaining portion of the Deposit) shall be returned to Purchaser, and thereafter neither party will have any further rights or obligations hereunder, except for any obligations that
Major Damage
Section 3.2.4
 
expressly survive termination. If Purchaser fails to notify Seller within such five (5) Business Day period of Purchaser's intention to so terminate this Agreement, then Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected option (a), and Purchaser and Seller shall proceed to Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If Purchaser elects to proceed under option (a) above, Seller shall not compromise, settle or adjust any claims to such proceeds without Purchaser's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser.
11.1.3 . In connection with any assignment of insurance proceeds under this with respect to any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, the purchase price payable hereunder for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall be reduced by an amount equal to the applicable deductible amount under Seller's insurance, provided that such deductible credit shall not exceed the difference between (x) the cost to mitigate and repair the damage as of the date Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and (y) the amount of the insurance proceeds to be assigned to Purchaser that are allocated solely to the mitigation and repair of damage.
Deductible
Section 11.1
. In the event that any condemnation proceedings are instituted, or notice of intent to condemn is given, with respect to all or any portion of that portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, prior to Purchaser's Closing on such Block or Development Site, Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser thereof. Purchaser shall, subject to the satisfaction of or Purchaser's written waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 9.1 above, consummate the purchase of the portion of the Property included within such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, which is the subject of such condemnation, without reduction of the purchase price payable for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, within the time frames required under Article 10 hereof and subject the terms of Section 10.1.7; and the right to collect any condemnation award or compensation for such condemnation shall be assigned by Seller to Purchaser (or credited to the purchase price for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, to the extent previously received by Seller) at the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable. Purchaser shall have the right to participate with Seller in any discussions with such governmental authority regarding such condemnation, and Seller shall not negotiate any settlement or enter into any agreement with the applicable governmental authority pursuing such condemnation without Purchaser's prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed by Purchaser.
11.2 Condemnation and Eminent Domain
. If Seller is in breach or default of any of its obligations or agreements hereunder when performance is required on or prior to the date for Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, or if any of the Express Representations should be false in any material respect and Purchaser shall become actually aware of same on or prior to the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Purchaser shall not have waived its claims with regard to same pursuant to this Agreement, then Purchaser shall give Seller written notice of such breach
12.1 Seller Default At or Before a Closing
 
or default on or prior to the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Seller shall have ten (10) days from the date of receipt of such notice to cure such breach or default and the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall be extended accordingly. If Seller fails to cure such breach or default within such ten (10) day cure period or if Seller fails to proceed to Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Seller shall be in default and no further notice of default or cure period shall be required or applicable, in which case Purchaser shall have the right to (i) terminate this Agreement as to such Block or such Development Site within a Block and all remaining Block(s) and Development Site(s) within a Block(s) for which a Closing has not previously occurred by sending written notice thereof to Seller and the Escrow Agent, in which event the Deposit (or, to the extent any portion of the Deposit has previously been delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of above, any remaining portion of the Deposit) shall be returned to Purchaser and, so long as such termination resulted from a default by Seller, Purchaser shall be entitled to recover from Seller all of Purchaser's actual (and reasonable) out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses paid to unaffiliated third parties and incurred in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated herein (including reasonable attorneys' fees), Purchaser's due diligence with respect to any portions of the Property for which a Closing has not previously occurred, Purchaser's efforts to obtain the Development Approvals and all related approvals and/or otherwise in connection with the transaction contemplated by this Agreement (""), in an aggregate amount not to exceed Five Hundred Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($500,000.00), whereupon neither party shall have any further rights, duties or obligations hereunder other than the obligations and rights set forth herein that expressly survive the termination of this Agreement, or (ii) attempt to enforce its rights under this Agreement by specific performance, to the extent practicable, in which case Purchaser shall file and serve such action on Seller within one sixty (60) days after Purchaser obtains knowledge of the Seller default (and Purchaser shall be deemed to have elected option (i) above to terminate this Agreement if Purchaser fails to file and serve an action for specific performance on Seller within such sixty (60) day period) and if specific performance is granted, then the parties shall be bound by the applicable court order. If specific performance is not available to Purchaser solely due to Seller's actions, then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, Purchaser may seek any and all other remedies available at law or in equity against Seller, including, without limitation, suing for consequential damages. If Seller is notified of a material inaccuracy in any of its Express Representations on or prior to the date for Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and if Seller fails to cure such breach within the ten (10) day period after Purchaser's notice thereof (as provided in the first sentence of this ), then Purchaser's sole remedy shall be the right to terminate this Agreement as to such Block or such Development Site within a Block and all remaining Block(s) and Development Site(s) within a Block(s) for which a Closing has not previously occurred and recover its Deposit (or any remaining portion thereof as provided hereinabove) and Pursuit Costs, as stated above in this or if such breach is curable by Seller and was caused by Seller's acts or omissions, Purchaser may seek specific performance in the same manner as stated above in this . Except for Purchaser's recovery of Pursuit Costs and except in the situation in which specific performance is not available solely due to Seller's actions as provided above, in no case shall Purchaser seek, or Seller be liable for, any damages to Purchaser, including, without limitation, punitive or consequential damages.
Section 3.2.4
Pursuit Costs
Section 12.1
Section 12.1
Section 12.1
 
. If Seller is in breach or default of any of its obligations or agreements hereunder that survive the Closing with respect to any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, when performance is required or if any of the Express Representations should be false in any material respect and Purchaser shall first become actually aware of same after the Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, then Purchaser shall give Seller written notice of such breach or default of such obligation, agreement or representation hereunder prior to the expiration of the applicable survival period of such breach or default and Seller shall have thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of such notice to cure such breach or default. If Seller fails to cure such breach or default within such thirty (30) day period, and the reasonably estimated losses or damages sustained as a result of Seller's failure or inability to perform any of its obligations, agreements or Express Representations hereunder exceed Twenty Five Thousand and 00/100 Dollars ($25,000.00) (the ""), then Seller shall be liable for the actual direct damages suffered by Purchaser due to such uncured breach or default from the first dollar of loss. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) in no event shall Seller be liable to Purchaser for damages under this Section in an aggregate amount in excess of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,0000), and (ii) if Purchaser has actual knowledge of a default or breach of an Express Representation by Seller on the date of Closing with respect to any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Purchaser elects to proceed with the Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, Purchaser shall be deemed to have irrevocably waived such default and Seller shall not have any liability with respect to such default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above, such cap on Seller's liability shall not apply to any breach or default by Seller of any of its obligations under any other agreements entered into by and between Seller and Purchaser (or its affiliate) at the Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, which agreements shall be subject to their own respective default and remedies sections.
12.2 Seller Default After a Closing
Floor
. The parties acknowledge and agree that Seller should be entitled to compensation for any detriment suffered if Purchaser fails to consummate the purchase of any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, if and when required to do so under the terms of this Agreement, but agree that it would be extremely difficult to ascertain the extent of the actual detriment Seller would suffer as a result of such failure. Consequently, if Purchaser fails to perform any of its covenants in any material respect in accordance with the terms of this Agreement at or before the date for Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Seller does not waive the same, then Seller shall give Purchaser written notice of such breach or default on or prior to the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Purchaser shall have ten (10) days from the date of receipt of such notice to cure such breach or default and the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, shall be extended accordingly. If Purchaser fails to cure such breach or default within such ten (10) day cure period or if Purchaser fails to consummate the purchase of any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, on the date for Closing on such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, as said date may be so extended, then Purchaser shall be in default and no further notice or cure period need be given. Upon the occurrence of any default and the expiration of any applicable notice and cure period, Seller shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement as to
12.3 Purchaser Default
 
such Block or such Development Site within a Block and all remaining Block(s) and Development Site(s) within a Block(s) for which a Closing has not previously occurred by giving written notice thereof to Purchaser prior to or at the Closing (as extended) for such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, in which event the Deposit (or, to the extent any portion of the Deposit has previously been delivered to Seller in accordance with the terms of above, any remaining portion of the Deposit) shall be paid to Seller as fixed, agreed and liquidated damages, and, after the payment of the Deposit (or any remaining portion thereof) to Seller, neither Seller nor Purchaser will have any further rights or obligations under this Agreement, except for any obligations that expressly survive termination. Notwithstanding anything contained in this to the contrary, with respect to Purchaser's obligations under , , , , , , and hereof, in the event of a breach or default by Purchaser of such obligations, Seller shall be entitled to pursue any and all rights and remedies available to Seller at law or in equity (except for claims seeking indirect, consequential or punitive damages) as a result of such breach or default by Purchaser.
Section 3.2.4
Section 12.3
Sections 3.1.5
6.1.2
6.1.4
7.4
10.5
12.4
13.2
16.16
. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if this Agreement is terminated for any reason whatsoever and, if the default is a default by Seller and Purchaser does not invoke its right to seek specific performance, then Purchaser shall promptly thereafter deliver to Seller all Property Information provided to Purchaser by Seller with respect to any Blocks or Development Sites with a Block which have not previously been acquired by Purchaser, including copies thereof in any form whatsoever, including electronic form, excluding any confidential or proprietary information or financial modeling. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall not be obligated to return anything that is already in the public domain or available to Purchaser from any other source (other than by reason of a breach by Purchaser of its confidentiality obligations under ) and any information that Purchaser, because of legal or regulatory requirements, is required to retain; in that latter event, Purchaser shall advise Seller in writing of which of the materials Purchaser is required to retain. The obligations of Purchaser under this shall survive any termination of this Agreement.
12.4 Delivery of Materials
Section 16.16
Section 12.4
. Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser that Seller has not contacted or entered into any agreement with any real estate broker, agent, finder, or any party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except for JM Zell Partners, Ltd. ("") and that Seller has not taken any action which would result in any real estate broker's or finder's fees or commissions being due and payable to any party other than Seller's Broker with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby. Seller will be solely responsible for the payment of Seller's Broker's commission in accordance with the provisions of a separate agreement. Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Seller that Purchaser has not contracted or entered into any agreement with any real estate broker, agent, finder, or any party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that Purchaser has not taken any action which would result in any real estate broker's or finder's fees or commissions being due or payable to any party with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby.
13.1 Brokers
Seller's Broker
 
. Each party hereby indemnifies and agrees to hold the other party harmless from any loss, liability, damage, cost, or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) paid or incurred by the other party by reason of a breach of the representation and warranty made by such party under this . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the indemnities set forth in this shall survive each Closing hereunder or earlier termination of this Agreement.
13.2 Indemnity
Article 13
Section 13.2
. All notices, demands and requests which may be given or which are required to be given by either party to the other party under this Agreement must be in writing.
14.1 Written Notice
. All notices, demands, requests or other communications required or permitted to be given hereunder must be sent (i) by United States certified mail, postage fully prepaid, return receipt requested, (ii) by hand delivery, (iii) by UPS, FedEx or a similar nationally recognized overnight courier service, (iv) by facsimile with a confirmation copy delivered by another method set forth in this Section, or (v) by electronic mail with a confirmation copy delivered by another method set forth in this Section. All such notices, demands, requests or other communications shall be deemed to have been given for all purposes of this Agreement upon the date of receipt or refusal, except that whenever under this Agreement a notice is either received on a day which is not a Business Day or is required to be delivered on or before a specific day which is not a Business Day, the day of receipt or required delivery shall automatically be extended to the next Business Day.
14.2 Method of Transmittal
. The addresses for proper notice under this Agreement are as follows:
14.3 Addresses
As to Seller:
Campus Point Realty Corporation
c/o Science Applications International Corporation
10260 Campus Point Drive, Mail Stop H-4
San Diego, CA 92121
Fax: (858) 826-4824
Attn: Ms. Bari Berkman
Electronic mail: Bari.L.Berkman@saic.com
With copy to:
McGuireWoods LLP
1750 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1800
Tysons Corner, VA 22102
Attn: Jonathan P. Rak, Esq.
Fax: (703) 712-5231
Electronic mail: jrak@mcguirewoods.com
 
As to Purchaser:
MRP-I A A, L.L.C.
CQUISITION
The Meridian Group
/
C
O
3 Bethesda Metro Center, Suite 610
Bethesda, MD 20814
Attention: Gary E. Block
Fax: (301) 718-9444
Electronic mail: garyblock@tmgdc.com
With a copy to:
Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP
2900 K Street, NW
North Tower, Suite 200
Washington, DC 20007
Attention: Bruce Kosub
Fax: (202) 339-8294
Electronic mail: bruce.kosub@kattenlaw.com
As to Escrow Agent:
Terra Nova Title and Settlement Services
1725 DeSales Street NW, Suite 401
Washington DC 20036
Attn: Christopher R. Clarke
Fax: (202) 331-0905
Electronic mail: cclarke@tnovatitle.com
Either party may from time to time by written notice to the other party designate a different address for notices.
Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, neither Seller nor Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent may be granted or withheld by such other party in its sole and absolute discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser may, without Seller's prior consent, assign this Agreement in its entirety to any entity controlled by, controlling or under common control with Purchaser at any time. In addition, Purchaser may assign its interest in this Agreement with respect to one or more Blocks or Development Sites within a Block to a third party at the time of a Closing or may designate a third party as the designee taking title and otherwise acquiring the Property relating to the Block or Blocks and Development Site or Development Sites therein at such Closing, in each case without Seller's prior consent. Purchaser shall provide Seller with written notice of any such assignment or designation at least five (5) Business Days prior to Closing, together with an executed customary form of assignment and assumption agreement related to such assignment and assumption, if applicable. In addition, after each Closing, Purchaser may assign its interest in this Agreement with respect to the Block or the Development Site within a Block which was the subject of such Closing to any third party.
 
. This Agreement embodies the entire agreement between the parties and cannot be varied except by the written agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings.
16.1 Entire Agreement
. This Agreement may not be modified except by the written agreement of the parties.
16.2 Modifications
. Words of any gender used in this Agreement will be construed to include any other gender and words in the singular number will be construed to include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context requires otherwise.
16.3 Gender and Number
. The captions used in connection with the Articles, Sections and Subsections of this Agreement are for convenience only and will not be deemed to expand or limit the meaning of the language of this Agreement.
16.4 Captions
. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns.
16.5 Successors and Assigns
. This Agreement will be construed under, governed by and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia (without reference to conflicts of laws principles). Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall only be brought in the state courts of the Commonwealth of Virginia or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia.
16.6 Controlling Law
. All exhibits, attachments, annexed instruments and addenda referred to herein will be considered a part hereof for all purposes with the same force and effect as if set forth verbatim herein.
16.7 Exhibits
. Seller and Purchaser have each been represented by counsel in the negotiations and preparation of this Agreement; therefore, this Agreement will be deemed to be drafted by both Seller and Purchaser, and no rule of construction will be invoked respecting the authorship of this Agreement.
16.8 No Rule of Construction
. In the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement (except the provisions relating to Seller's obligations to convey the portion of the Property included within each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and Purchaser's obligation to pay the purchase price payable hereunder with respect to each Block and each Development Site within a Block, as applicable, the invalidity of either of which shall cause this Agreement to be null and void) are held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions hereof, and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had not been contained herein, provided, however, that the parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith to rewrite the affected provision to make it (i) valid, and (ii) consistent with the intent of the original provision.
16.9 Severability
 
. "" means any day on which business is generally transacted by banks in the District of Columbia. If the final date of any period which is set out in any paragraph of this Agreement falls upon a day which is not a Business Day, then, and in such event, the time of such period will be extended to the next Business Day.
16.10 Business Days
Business Day
.
16.11 Intentionally Omitted
. Prior to the Closing on any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, any release to the public of information with respect to the matters set forth in this Agreement with respect to such Block or such Development Site within a Block, as applicable, will be made only in the form approved by Purchaser and Seller and their respective counsel.
16.12 Press Releases
. In the event either party is required to resort to litigation to enforce its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party in such litigation will be entitled to collect from the other party all costs, expenses and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in connection with such action. The term "prevailing party, as used herein includes, without limitation, a party: (a) who agrees to dismiss a dispute on the other party's performance of the covenants allegedly breached, (b) who obtains substantially the relief it has sought, or (c) against whom a dispute is dismissed (with or without prejudice). In addition to the foregoing, the prevailing party in any dispute shall be entitled to the payment by the losing party of the prevailing party's reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs and litigation expenses incurred in connection with (a) any appellate review of the judgment rendered in such dispute or of any other ruling in such dispute, and (b) any proceeding to enforce a judgment in such dispute. It is the intent of the parties that the provisions of this Section be distinct and severable from the other rights of the parties under this Agreement, shall survive the entry of judgment in any dispute and shall not be merged into such judgment.
16.13 Attorneys' Fees and Costs
. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts (which counterparts may be executed by facsimile) which shall together constitute a single document. However, this Agreement shall not be effective unless and until all counterpart signatures have been obtained. An unsigned draft of this Agreement shall not be considered an offer by either party to purchase or sell the Property.
16.14 Counterparts and Expiration of Offer
. EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING, CLAIM OR COUNTERCLAIM BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT, THE RELATIONSHIP OF SELLER AND PURCHASER HEREUNDER, PURCHASER'S OWNERSHIP OR USE OF THE PROPERTY OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, AND/OR ANY CLAIMS OF INJURY OR DAMAGE RELATED TO THE PROPERTY OR ANY PORTION THEREOF.
16.15 Waiver of Jury Trial
16.16 Confidentiality
16.16.1 Except as provided otherwise in this , Purchaser and Seller, for the benefit of each other, hereby agree that neither of them will release or cause or permit to be released to the public any press notices, publicity (oral or written) or advertising promotion
Section 16.16
 
relating to, or otherwise publicly announce or disclose or cause or permit to be publicly announced or disclosed, in any manner whatsoever, the terms, conditions or substance of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated herein, without first obtaining the consent of the other party hereto, which may be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of the other party. However, each party consents to any disclosure of this Agreement which the other party reasonably believes is required by law or which is recommended in good faith by counsel to such other party or which is appropriate in any dispute resolution between the parties.
16.16.2 It is understood that the foregoing shall not preclude any party from discussing the substance or any relevant details of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement on a confidential basis with any of its attorneys, accountants, professional consultants, financial advisors, rating agencies, potential lenders, potential purchasers, and potential tenants, as the case may be, or prevent any party hereto from complying with applicable laws, including, without limitation, governmental regulatory, disclosure, tax and reporting requirements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Purchaser shall have the right to deliver such information to Purchaser's Representatives and to Purchaser's potential investors, purchasers, tenants and lenders, in each case on a need-to-know basis after the recipients have been informed of the confidential nature of such information and directed not to disclose such information except in accordance with this . The aforementioned shall not preclude the disclosure to potential investors or lenders of the proposed purchase price payable hereunder for the portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, the net operating income of the portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, and the approximate rate of return on the investment with respect to any portion of the Property included within any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable.
Section 16.16
16.16.3 In addition to any other remedies available to Seller and Purchaser, Seller and Purchaser shall each have the right to seek equitable relief, including, without limitation, injunctive relief or specific performance, against the other party or its representatives in order to enforce the provisions of this .
Section 16.16
16.16.4 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the provisions of this shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall survive the Closing with respect to any Block or any Development Site within a Block, as applicable, for one (1) year following the date of such Closing.
Section 16.16
. The parties hereto agree to submit to personal jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Virginia in any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement and, in furtherance of such agreement, the parties hereby agree and consent that without limiting other methods of obtaining jurisdiction, personal jurisdiction over the parties in any such action or proceeding may be obtained within or without the jurisdiction of any court located in the Commonwealth of Virginia and that any process or notice of motion or other application to any such court in connection with any such action or proceeding may be served upon the parties by certified mail to or by personal service at the last known address of the parties, whether such address be within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Any legal suit, action or other proceeding by one party to this Agreement against the other arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted only in the Circuit Court for Fairfax County,
16.17 Jurisdiction and Service of Process
 
Virginia, or the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, and each party hereby waives any objections which it may now or hereafter have based on venue and/or forum non-conveniens of any such suit, action or proceeding and submits to the jurisdiction of such courts. The provisions of this shall survive each Closing hereunder or the termination hereof.
Section 16.17
.
16.18 Exculpation
16.18.1 Purchaser agrees that it does not have and will not have any claims or causes of action against Seller Knowledge Individuals or any disclosed or undisclosed officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, partner, principal, parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of Seller, or any officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, partner or principal of any such parent, subsidiary or other affiliate (collectively, ""), arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, unless and except to the extent otherwise provided in a separate written agreement between Purchaser and any of Seller's Affiliates. Purchaser agrees to look solely to Seller and its assets for satisfaction of any liability or obligation arising under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or for the performance of any of the covenants, warranties or other agreements contained herein, and further agrees not to sue or otherwise seek to enforce any personal obligation against any of Seller's Affiliates with respect to any matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to the foregoing, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Section, Purchaser hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any and all claims and causes of action of any nature whatsoever it may now or hereafter have against Seller's Affiliates, and hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges Seller's Affiliates from any and all liability whatsoever which may now or hereafter accrue in favor of Purchaser against Seller's Affiliates, in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and each Closing hereunder.
Seller's Affiliates
16.18.2 Seller agrees that it does not have and will not have any claims or causes of action against any disclosed or undisclosed officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, partner, principal, parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of Purchaser, or any officer, director, employee, trustee, shareholder, partner or principal of any such parent, subsidiary or other affiliate (collectively, ""), arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, unless and except to the extent otherwise provided in a separate written agreement between Seller and any of Purchaser's Affiliates. Seller agrees to look solely to the Deposit before consummation of the last Closing hereunder and to Purchaser and its assets after consummation of the last Closing hereunder for the satisfaction of any liability or obligation arising under this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or for the performance of any of the covenants, warranties or other agreements contained herein, and further agrees not to sue or otherwise seek to enforce any personal obligation against any of Purchaser's Affiliates with respect to any matters arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to the foregoing, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing provisions of this Section, Seller hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives any and all claims and causes of action of any nature whatsoever it may now or hereafter have against Purchaser's Affiliates, and hereby unconditionally and irrevocably releases and discharges Purchaser's Affiliates from any and all liability whatsoever which may
Purchaser's Affiliates
 
now or hereafter accrue in favor of Seller against Purchaser's Affiliates, in connection with or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. The provisions of this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and each Closing hereunder.
. While this Agreement is in effect, Seller shall not make, accept, solicit or entertain any other offer for the sale, joint venture or financing of the Property or any part thereof, and Seller shall instruct Seller's Broker not to engage in any discussions or negotiation with any third party, whether or not binding, that could be deemed a precursor to negotiations with Seller.
16.19 Exclusivity
. Purchaser may elect, at its sole cost and expense, to prepare and record in the appropriate land records for the County a memorandum of this Agreement in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Purchaser and Seller. If Purchaser elects to prepare and record a memorandum of this Agreement in the appropriate land records for the County and this Agreement is subsequently terminated prior to Purchaser acquiring all of the Blocks and all of the Development Sites within such Blocks in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, Purchaser shall, at its sole cost and expense, prepare and record in the appropriate land records for the County a termination of the memorandum of this Agreement previously recorded by Purchaser.
16.20 Recording
. The respective obligations of Seller and Purchaser set forth in this Agreement are expressly made contingent upon Seller and Purchaser agreeing upon the final form of the New SAIC Leases, the SAIC Declaration, the Block F Parking Easement and the Block E Easement and Block E Easement Area (the ""). In the event the Ancillary Document Contingency is not satisfied on or before the end of the Study Period and Seller and Purchaser have not mutually agreed to either extend the Study Period for satisfying such contingency or to waive such contingency, either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other given any time prior to the satisfaction of such contingency so long as the terminating party was acting in good faith and in a reasonable manner in connection with satisfying the Ancillary Document Contingency. In the event either Seller or Purchaser elects to terminate this Agreement as provided in this , this Agreement shall terminate as of the date of such party's notice of termination hereunder to the other party, and neither party shall have any further rights or obligations hereunder except for any rights or obligations of a party hereunder that expressly survive termination of this Agreement.
16.21 Contingencies
Ancillary Document Contingency
Section 16.21
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Purchase and Sale Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
 
 
The undersigned, Science Applications International Corporation, a Delaware corporation, is executing this Joinder to confirm its agreement to execute and deliver the New SAIC Leases at the Closing of Block F, as provided in of this Agreement, and for no other purpose.
Section 6.3
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20130603161319.txt.gz
TIME:20130603161319
EVENTS:	Results of Operations and Financial Condition	Financial Statements and Exhibits
TEXT:
ITEM: Results of Operations and Financial Condition
ITEM: Financial Statements and Exhibits
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
  Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)
  Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)
  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))
  Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))
 
 
 
 
On June 3, 2013, SAIC, Inc. issued a press release announcing its financial results for the first fiscal quarter ended May 3, 2013. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.
The Company's management will discuss operations and financial results in an earnings conference call beginning at 5 p.m. eastern on June 3, 2013. A live audio broadcast of the conference call along with a supplemental presentation will be available to the public through links on the Investor Relations section of the Company's web site.
(
http://investors.saic.com
)
The information contained in this report, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed to be "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.
 
 
 Exhibit 99.1      Press Release dated June 3, 2013 issued by SAIC, Inc.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 

Exhibit 99.1
- Revenues: $2.71 billion
- Operating Income: $142 million
- Diluted EPS: $0.23
-Cash Flows used in Operations: $111 million
-Net new bookings: $1.3 billion (book-to-bill ratio of 0.5)
MCLEAN, Va., June 3, 2013 -- SAIC, Inc. (NYSE: SAI), a scientific, engineering, and technology applications company, today announced financial results for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, which ended May 3, 2013.
"Our performance for the quarter was consistent with our expectations and reflects the difficult government market characterized by spending reductions and procurement delays associated with sequestration. We are reaffirming our guidance for the full year. The market conditions reinforce the importance of expanding our addressable markets through the planned separation of the Company," said John P. Jumper, SAIC Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "In addition, we continue to invest in operational improvements and to drive cost reductions necessary to position the Company for profitable growth in the future."
Summary Operating Results
Revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2014 were $2.71 billion, compared to $2.76 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Revenues were impacted by the ramp down of certain contracts and the tightening of the U.S. Government budget, partially offset by growth in the Health and Engineering segment primarily resulting from the fiscal year 2013 acquisition of maxIT Healthcare Holdings, Inc. Internal revenues contracted by 4 percent. Internal revenue contraction for the quarter would have been 7 percent without the positive impact of $83 million in revenues for the two additional productive days as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013.
Operating income for the quarter was $142 million (5.2 percent of revenues), down from $208 million (7.5 percent of revenues) in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. The reduction in operating income was primarily attributable to $33 million of separation transaction expenses, as well as certain other expenses.
Net income for the quarter was $81 million compared to $117 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. This decline in net income was primarily attributable to the reduction in operating income described above.
Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.23, down 34 percent from $0.35 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. This decline was primarily attributable to the reduction in net income. The diluted share count for the quarter was 336 million, up 2 percent from 330 million in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013.
Segment Operating Results
Effective February 1, 2013, in preparation for the planned separation transaction, the Company redefined its reportable segments into the reportable segments referenced in the chart below. Following completion of the planned separation transaction, the Technical Services and Information Technology segment will operate as an independent publicly traded company under the name Science Applications International Corporation, and the Health and Engineering and National Security Solutions segments will operate as a separate independent publicly traded company under the name Leidos Holdings, Inc. The segment information for the first quarter of fiscal year 2013 has been recast to give effect to the change in reportable segments and for discontinued operations.
 
Health and Engineering
Health and Engineering revenues increased $105 million, or 25 percent, including an internal revenue growth rate of 9 percent, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 as
compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Revenue growth was primarily driven by the August 2012 acquisition of maxIT Healthcare Holdings, Inc., a leading provider of healthcare IT consulting services to commercial clients. Internal revenue growth would have been 6 percent without the positive impact of $12 million in revenues for the two additional productive days as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Internal revenue growth for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 was positively impacted by higher engineering business volume primarily associated with power plant construction projects, as well as increased unit deliveries and related maintenance of engineering products (previously referred to as non-intrusive inspection products) to both the U.S. Government and international customers.
Health and Engineering operating income increased $6 million, or 17 percent, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. The increase in operating income was driven by an increase in deliveries of engineering products, which typically generate higher margins, and increased revenue volume in other business areas. These increases were partially offset by a lower margin from the commercial health business primarily due to intangible asset amortization expense.
National Security Solutions
National Security Solutions revenues decreased $105 million, or 9 percent, all of which was internal revenue contraction, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Revenue contraction for the quarter would have been 12 percent without the positive impact of $36 million in revenues for the two additional productive days as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Internal revenue contraction was primarily attributable to the completion of a systems integration and logistics program for tactical and mine resistant ambush protected vehicles. Internal revenue contraction was also impacted by the ramp down of an intelligence analysis program for a classified customer, and an intelligence systems integration program for the U.S. Army, as well as reduced activity on certain ongoing programs due to drawdowns of overseas U.S. military forces and U.S. Government budget reductions. These declines were partially offset by increased revenues related to three new intelligence contracts for classified customers.
National Security Solutions operating income decreased $19 million, or 20 percent, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. This decrease was primarily attributable to decreased revenues, including certain programs having relatively higher profit margins, a decline in sales of higher-margin proprietary products, and intangible asset impairment charges.
Technical Services and Information Technology
Technical Services and Information Technology revenues decreased $56 million, or 5 percent, all of which was internal revenue contraction, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. Revenue contraction for the quarter would have been 8 percent without the positive impact of $35 million in revenues for the two additional productive days as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013.
Internal revenue contraction was primarily attributable to the ramp down of the DISN Global Solutions program with the Defense Information Systems Agency, as well as decreased activity on a contract vehicle to provide infrastructure support to the Department of Homeland Security and a program to provide systems engineering solutions for the U.S. Navy.
Technical Services and Information Technology operating income decreased $14 million, or 16 percent, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal year 2013. This decrease was primarily due to net unfavorable changes in contract estimates compared to a net favorable change in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013 and lower revenues from the ramp down of the DISN Global Solutions program, which had relatively higher profit margins.
Corporate and Other
Corporate and Other segment operating loss for the quarter increased from the first quarter of fiscal year 2013 primarily due to expenses incurred in connection with the planned separation transaction, costs to establish infrastructures for the two future companies and provisions for legal and regulatory matters.
Cash Generation and Capital Deployment
Cash flow used by operations for the quarter was $111 million due to an increase in accounts receivable. Days sales outstanding were 69 days, consistent with 70 days in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, but up from 63 days in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2013. The increase in days sales outstanding was primarily due to the discontinuance of the U.S. Government's accelerated payment initiative.
During the quarter, the Company paid a cash dividend of $0.12 per share. The Company intends to continue paying dividends on a quarterly basis, although the declaration of any future dividends will be determined by the Company's Board of Directors each quarter and will depend on earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. In addition, in the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, the company declared a special dividend of $1.00 per share, which is payable in June 2013.
As of May 3, 2013, the Company had $563 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1.3 billion in long-term debt.
New Business Awards
Net business bookings totaled $1.3 billion in the first quarter of fiscal year 2014, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 0.5. Notable awards received during the quarter include:
 
 
 
The Company's backlog of signed business orders at the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2014 was $16.5 billion, of which $4.7 billion was funded. As compared to the end of the first quarter of fiscal year 2013, total backlog decreased 4 percent and funded backlog decreased 17 percent. Negotiated backlog does not include any estimate of future task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule or other master agreement contract vehicles.
Forward Guidance
Based upon its operating and business development performance through the first quarter of the fiscal year, the Company expects its fiscal year 2014 results to be consistent with the forward guidance provided on March 26, 2013. These expectations are:
 
The guidance is based on SAIC, Inc. operating for the full fiscal year as one company, yet includes substantial costs to prepare for the previously announced separation transaction. If the separation occurs during fiscal year 2014 as is currently contemplated, it is expected that guidance policies will be provided for each of the two separate companies at the time of the separation. Fiscal year 2014 guidance is based upon the
approved U.S. Government fiscal year 2013 defense budget and an assumed flat spending level thereafter consistent with the Budget Control Act of 2011. In addition, fiscal year 2014 guidance excludes the impact of potential future acquisitions and other non-ordinary course items.
About SAIC
SAIC management will discuss operations and financial results in an earnings conference call beginning at 5 p.m. eastern on June 3, 2013. A live audio broadcast of the conference call along with a supplemental presentation will be available to the public through links on the Investor Relations section of the SAIC web site (
http://investors.saic.com
).
SAIC is a FORTUNE 500 scientific, engineering, and technology applications company that uses its deep domain knowledge to solve problems of vital importance to the nation and the world, in national security, energy and the environment, critical infrastructure, and health. The Company's approximately 38,000 employees serve customers in the U.S. Department of Defense, the intelligence community, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, other U.S. Government civil agencies and selected commercial markets. Headquartered in McLean, Va., SAIC had annual revenues of approximately $11.2 billion for its fiscal year ended January 31, 2013. For more information, visit
www.saic.com
. SAIC: From Science to Solutions
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements in this release contain or are based on "forward-looking" information within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "guidance," and similar words or phrases. Forward-looking statements in this release include, among others, estimates of future revenues, operating income, earnings, earnings per share, charges, backlog, outstanding shares and cash flows, as well as statements about future dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. These statements reflect our belief and assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. Actual performance and results may differ materially from the guidance and other forward-looking statements made in this release depending on a variety of factors, including: developments in the U.S. Government defense budget, including budget reductions, implementation of spending cuts (sequestration) or changes in budgetary priorities; delays in the U.S. Government budget process or approval to raise the U.S. debt ceiling; delays in the U.S. Government contract procurement process or the award of contracts; delays or loss of contracts as result of competitor protests; changes in U.S. Government procurement rules, regulations and practices; our compliance with various U.S. Government and other government procurement rules and regulations; governmental reviews, audits and investigations of our company; our ability to effectively compete and win contracts with the U.S. Government and other customers; our ability to attract, train and retain skilled employees, including our management team, and to obtain security clearances for our employees; our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with our firm-fixed-price and other
contracts; our ability to comply with certain agreements entered into in connection with the CityTime matter; cybersecurity, data security or other security threats, systems failures or other disruptions of our business; resolution of legal and other disputes with our customers and others or legal or regulatory compliance issues; our ability to effectively acquire businesses and make investments; our ability to maintain relationships with prime contractors, subcontractors and joint venture partners; our ability to manage performance and other risks related to customer contracts, including complex engineering or design build projects; the failure of our inspection or detection systems to detect threats; the adequacy of our insurance programs designed to protect us from significant product or other liability claims; our ability to manage risks associated with our international business; our ability to declare future dividends based on our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors, including compliance with applicable laws and agreements of the Company; risks associated with the proposed spin-off of our technical, engineering and enterprise information technology services business, such as disruption to business operations, unanticipated expenses, significant transaction costs and/or liabilities, the timing of the spin-off or a failure to complete the proposed spin-off or realize the expected benefits of the proposed spin-off; and our ability to execute our business plan and long-term management initiatives effectively and to overcome these and other known and unknown risks that we face. These are only some of the factors that may affect the forward-looking statements contained in this release. For further information concerning risks and uncertainties associated with our business, please refer to the filings we make from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including the "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Legal Proceedings" sections of our latest annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, all of which may be viewed or obtained through the Investor Relations section of our web site at
www.saic.com
.
All information in this release is as of June 3, 2013. The Company expressly disclaims any duty to update the guidance or any other forward-looking statement provided in this release to reflect subsequent events, actual results or changes in the Company's expectations. The Company also disclaims any duty to comment upon or correct information that may be contained in reports published by investment analysts or others.
 
 
 
 
Backlog represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under negotiated contracts as work is performed and excludes contract awards which have been protested by competitors. SAIC, Inc. segregates its backlog into two categories: funded backlog and negotiated unfunded backlog. Funded backlog for contracts with government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding is appropriated less revenues previously recognized on these contracts, and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally appropriated or authorized on a quarterly or annual basis by the U.S. Government and other customers, even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value on contracts, which may cover multiple future years, under which SAIC, Inc. is obligated to perform, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. Negotiated unfunded backlog represents the estimated amounts of revenue to be earned in the future from (1) negotiated contracts for which funding has not been appropriated or otherwise authorized and (2) unexercised priced contract options. Negotiated unfunded backlog does not include any estimate of future potential task orders expected to be awarded under IDIQ, GSA Schedule, or other master agreement contract vehicles.
The estimated value of backlog as of the dates presented was as follows:
 
In this release, SAIC, Inc. refers to internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is a non-GAAP financial measure that is reconciled to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company calculates its internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage by comparing reported revenue for the current year period to the revenue for the prior year period adjusted to include the actual revenue of acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period before acquisition. This calculation has the effect of adding revenue for the acquired businesses for the comparable prior year period to the company's prior year period reported revenue.
SAIC, Inc. uses internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage as an indicator of how successful it is at growing its base business and how successful it is at growing the revenues of the businesses that it acquires. The integration of acquired businesses allows current management to leverage business development capabilities, drive internal resource collaboration, utilize access to markets and qualifications, and refine strategies to realize synergies, which benefits both acquired and existing businesses. As a result, the performance of the combined enterprise post-acquisition is an important measurement. In addition, as a means of rewarding the successful integration and growth of acquired businesses, and not acquisitions themselves, incentive compensation for senior management is based, in part, on achievement of revenue targets linked to internal revenue growth.
The limitation of this non-GAAP financial measure as compared to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is that internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is one of two components of the total revenue growth (contraction) percentage, which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. The company addresses this limitation by presenting the total revenue growth percentage next to or near disclosures of internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage. This financial measure is not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with SAIC, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. The method that the company uses to calculate internal revenue growth (contraction) percentage is not necessarily comparable to similarly titled financial measures presented by other companies.
Internal revenue growth (contraction) percentages for the three months ended May 3, 2013 were calculated as follows:
 
* Total revenues include amounts related to Corporate and Other and intersegment eliminations.


</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
FILE:SAI/SAI-8K-20130612151211.txt.gz
TIME:20130612151211
EVENTS:	Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
TEXT:
ITEM: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Annual Meeting of Stockholders of SAIC, Inc. was held on June 7, 2013. The final results of the stockholders' vote on each of the matters presented for a vote is set forth below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This proposal did not receive approval of at least two-thirds of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of our voting stock, which was required to approve certain of the amendments included in the proposal.
 
 
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
 
 


</DOCUMENT>
